Bethlehem is compelling for its regional exposure, but a tendency for narrative velocity and plot machinations gives away the film's ultimate agenda as genre-dependent. Credit to Adler though for the necessarily unhappy ending.
The moral murkiness of the Israel-Palestine conflict sets the scene for a blistering espionage thriller.
In the light of what has been happening in nearby Gaza, this small but memorable film assumes an even greater impact.
Its most compelling element, however, is the relationship between informer and informant.
The movie loses momentum when the strong central duo gets split up, undermining both the suspense and the emotional center of the story.
Bethlehem's plot is nothing new; it's the oft-told Cain and Abel story updated for the age of suicide bombers and tactical strikes, as a tautly structured mix of melodrama and ticking-clock thriller.
Cinematographer Yaron Scharf shoots Bethlehem like a modern western, every grimace, twitch and drop of sweat playing in stark relief against an implacable landscape that has seen much spilled blood.
Bethlehem negotiates a tangle of loyalties that's as complex as the Middle East itself.
The politics of "Bethlehem" are complex, but the relationship at its heart is simple: a kid who needs some kind of stability in his life, even if it comes from a most unlikely, and dangerous, place.
A rich, multilayered character study cleverly garbed as an action thriller, Bethlehem is a searing critique of the conflict and its toll - not just in human lives, but also in two peoples' gradual, overall loss of humanity.
[The similar] 'Omar,' a recent Oscar nominee, is better directed, with assured long takes by an established talent, Hany Abu-Assad ('Paradise Now'). 'Bethlehem' has the better, cleaner script, and the best performance of the two.
Because most of the characterizations are so shallow, it's hard to care too much about what happens to whom, so the action scenes become merely mechanical...
Extremely suspenseful, with a terse screenplay.
Might not offer new insights into a terrible conflict, but it depicts its human cost on the ground with often starling power.
As it is, it's a strong and eye-catching debut, but one that doesn't quite mark its ground as the next big thing in Israeli cinema.
A harrowing account of how many lives can be ruined when hatred is allowed to rule.
Bethlehem never really comes together as a revelatory experience until an incredible, wince-inducingly savage finale that leaves a strong aftertaste.
In a spy story, Bethlehem insists, there are no good guys or bad guys, and no victor-just day-in, day-out deceit and betrayal, the weary work of hate.
Bethlehem remains a fairly powerful experience because so much of what we see is inflamed by a violence that seems to have no end.
"Bethlehem" comes off like a character study without much character.
The story of a young Palestinian, pushed into informing by the Israeli secret police, and forced to navigate conflicting feelings of loyalty, betrayal, self-interest and revenge.
The film wanders a bit when it leaves [its] primary concern, and you can almost feel the film scattering its taut energy, but when it stays with the two leads, one Israeli, one Palestinian, it makes a compelling story.
A disturbing and engrossing film, it offers a dark, pessimistic vision of the difficulties in the region, leaving viewers wondering anew what it will take to find a way out.
The filmmakers don't settle for palliatives. Each side is wrong, each side is right, and both have their brutalities.
This fleet-footed suspense film breaks new ground as it retells the story of a Palestinian youth who informs for the Israeli secret service.
Debut filmmaker Yuval Adler reportedly was an Israeli spook, which would account for the film's rich and persuasive spy-world detail.
A taut, expertly constructed, and suspenseful police procedural, it also explores the issues of loyalty, trust, betrayal, and revenge that those engaged in such morally ambiguous activities would prefer not to think about.
"Bethlehem" is about the Arab-Israeli struggle, naturally, but finds its real emotional heat in the internecine conflicts that keep an insurgency raging and a people off-balance.
Adler nicely harnesses the mounting volatility of this situation, which builds to an intense if tragic conclusion.
Adler's bias transforms Bethlehem from what could have been an insightful examination of the regional conflict into a sort of common police procedural.
The movie has the taut efficiency of a well-constructed crime thriller, while its real-world underpinnings play out with a less convincing sense of urgency.
By its conclusion, this fascinating film has informed its viewers more than a hundred political essays could.
Director Yuval Adler has a big vision, one capable of looking upon unsympathetic characters with sympathy or at least humane comprehension.
A slickly plotted ticking-time-bomb thriller with a crisp look and one standout debut performance, by Hitham Omari as a ruthless leader of a terrorist cell.
The rare movie that feels too short.
Despite a few hiccups in pace and tone, Bethlehem is a forceful, convincing picture, seizing a specialized tension that promises interesting work from Adler in the future.
...the occasionally blank and drifting performances undercut this potentially electrifying terror procedural.
Mar'i and Halevi invest deeply, but the film manipulates them to an abrupt end; viewers will undoubtedly supply their own opinions about the cynical game of covert warfare.
An unstinting look at the impossible choices faced by Israelis and Palestinians caught between worlds, Bethlehem plumbs the destructive aspects of the double-agent mode of statecraft.
The suspense plot is effective yet familiar; the direction is brisk, even hasty, and impersonal.
...makes a statement about the ongoing controversy between Israel and Palestine and does so in a frank and straightforward way.
Bethlehem qualifies as a promising debut for its first-time actors and director, but it's slack at first, and the thriller tricks it uses to ratchet up the tension later ... keep it from sneaking past your defenses.
In the end, the film's misstep isn't some failure at being sufficiently morally gray. In being the thriller that it is, it smudges the palette beyond recognition.
Unpacked, Bethlehem could easily spread out over an entire TV season, but it's refreshing to be reminded how much can be accomplished in a mere 99 minutes.
Perhaps most impressively, [director] Adler brings out volatile performances from his non-professional cast.
...a muddled and downright confusing endeavor that's rife with half-baked elements...
Most of the film plays out as a solid if uninspiring police procedural.
Looks like a politically correct, action-driven movie, which could efficiently portray the dramatic clashes inside any national security agency, wherever it may be, struggling to maintain law and order against rebellious factions fighting them.

@highlight

Balancing complex Middle Eastern politics against a universal human drama, director Yuval Adler fashions Bethlehem into a thought-provoking, well-acted character study.