Worthington's low-energy mega-blah infects the whole flick.
This isn't really a story about how the gods must be crazy, but is, instead, fueled by a theme of filial love - the love between a father and a son and what can happen when that love is damaged, betrayed or destroyed.
Movies like this are often called "video game" movies, since they're basically a series of interstitial "story" scenes plopped in to transition to and from the fighting scenes. But this is an insult to video games.
Wrath of the Titans is a welcome improvement but if you didn't like the first film, this sequel is not going to reverse your negative opinion.
...it would seem like [Worthington] was inoculated against charisma as a child.
[I]f you are planning on seeing it, do yourself a favor and stick with good old fashioned 2-D. However, if you want to do yourself a bigger favor, you should just skip it altogether
Admittedly, Wrath of the Titans is a step up from its predecessor but that's not saying a whole lot. It's by no means a good film and unless you really enjoyed the first film, there's no reason you should see this.
With every inch of screen filled with pixel paint and indistinguishable action, the whole thing just became mind-numbing to watch.
"Wrath of the Titans" is like a shiny Mylar balloon that pops to reveal nothing inside but empty, stale air.
superficial blockbuster fodder, furthering the worrying decline in Worthington's output since Avatar.
It's an improvement on Clash of the Titans, obviously ... but in the end, 'forgettable' is only slightly better than 'god awful.'
Even if it isn't saying much, Wrath of the Titans stands as a minor improvement to its predecessor.
Fixes most of the problems with the first film and forges a path for a respectable trilogy...
Certainly sloppy, but visually rich, exciting and, thanks to several great supporting roles, a better, more character-driven tale that tops the original despite a more intimate feel.
...all spectacle and little plot, all show and little characterization, all CGI and little story.
Near-epic in preposterousness. So, swamped by CGI spectacle, wonder: what came first, overblown super-sneezes of action or the tissue-thin plot to wrap them in? Forget gods getting it on with humans; here, non-story meets quasi-show, begets a demi-star.
Wrath, clash ... whatever.
More than sufficiently delivers on muscular spectacle, and features one of the most acute visions of mortal terror I can recall in the movies.
A seriously underwhelming sequel...
A better story, more humor, and a decent 3D conversion make the swordplay spectacle more tolerable. And hey, 2 Oscar winners play Greek gods!
What this sci-fi fantasy proves is that a departure from Greek mythology makes for strange deity bedfellows. Homer is turning over in his grave.
Monsters alone a movie does not make. Give me story, ye gods of old. Less Titans and more time with a better screenplay.
Has no aspirations to be anything other than a blockbuster and on that front it fares okay.
Simple-minded myth-mash...
I should have known better than to see this sequel to 'Clash of the Titans' but I liked the first one and rumors had it that the sequel was better than the original. The rumors are wrong. It is worse, like most sequels.
While this sequel is just as loud and chaotic as 2010's Clash of the Titans remake, it's also considerably more fun due to some exhilarating action and a refreshing sense of humour.
[The] plotting is window dressing for battles with a menagerie of fiendish minions, including ... an eye-popping gargantuan mass of smoke and lava that the late, great Ray Harryhausen himself couldn't have pulled off.
For all the talk of the end of existence, the film feels devoid of any urgency or tension, much less soul.
The fantasy sequences are big and loud and completely devoid of any character.
...the worst kind of creative hodgepodge.
Cinematically incoherent -- and with frequently incoherent dialogue.
All that eye strain from the first film's horrible 3D conversion has now been eradicated and replaced with extra boredom.
Paying the extra bucks to see this in 3D is a poor investment, as the effects are, once again, unimpressive.
If you're looking for a movie featuring men fighting monsters, then Wrath of the Titans delivers. If you're looking for more, you might be disappointed.
It's not a very good movie, but it's close enough to lord it all over Clash of the Titans.
Better than the first, but still sucky.
It's no Krull, let's put it that way.
Ralph Fiennes returns in his ever-to-be-typecast role as the personification of evil - Hades, ruler of the underworld and, from the looks of it, ruler of the Doobie Brothers.
The story may be mind boggling but the action creates pure entertainment.
Even the most skilled actors in the cast mainly look like they're struggling to stay awake.
The artificial world in which the actors move is drab and uninviting, the battles edited with so many quick cuts it's hard to get one's bearings, and the animated monsters are dispatched before we care about them.
It's a fathers-and-sons affair as epic music, computer-generated destruction and bad one liners combine to provide a sequel of similar style and standard to predecessor - Clash of the Titans.
'Wrath of the Titans' is less of a sequel to the 2010 version of 'Clash of the Titans' and more an apology for it.
If you make it through to the end, it's almost worth the wait.
From its flimsy concept to its similarly sloppy use of post-conversion 3D, Wrath of the Titans is a sequel that fails to improve on the original in any way.
Featuring strong performances by Neeson and Fiennes, "Wrath of the Titans" features some brilliant effects (the fire and ash monster that is Kronus) and, though still converted, much better 3D then the last film.
Much more cohesive, fun and thrilling than its predecessor, Wrath of the Titans is a good time at the movies that does the audience the boon of helping it forget the first film ever happened.
The actors, the director, and the crew dash through their motions like they're late for a doctor's appointment.
Too tediously bland and banal, lacking the excitement and suspense that this kind of adventure should have.
"Perseus" must be Greek for "paint drying," because that's what it's like watching Worthington.
One supposes the director's principal task was reminding the actors to keep a straight face.
For all its sound and fury, this is a decidedly dull affair.
Expect an action-stuffed 3D extravaganza with very little subtext to it ... you'll come away with a smile on your face but strained eyeballs and a queasiness in the belly.
A tedious chore as messy in its visuals as it is frustratingly poor in its construction.
There are times when it manages to conjure a sense of epic mythological struggle, but these seem mostly accidental.
Even when the action is unintelligible, it's at least better than listening to the characters talk.
This is just more of the same, without nearly as much spirit but with slightly better fight scenes.
Virtually no rooting interest in the heroes or their journey or even a worthy villain worth jeering. Watching it is like listening to Del Griffith try to tell you an anecdote; shifting from point to point with nary the thinnest of connections.
Wrath of the Titans is the visual equivalent of white noise. I don't think I watched it so much as I just looked at it.
Yes the story is paint by the numbers and Worthington is well, you know, but this is a nice example of spectacle film making on a budget. Most of the large 3D set pieces work really well.
In the end, I was mildly entertained. Wrath of the Titans isn't a great movie, and it's possibly not even a good movie. But I wasn't expecting anything more.
For those with a burning curiosity to know how The Lord of the Rings as directed by Michael Bay might look, Wrath of the Titans provides an idea.
It's a rollicking ride with some of the best use of 3D that I've seen since Avatar.
A mumbling, stubbly Worthington phones in his effort from a long way away. It's as if he just stepped off Man on a Ledge and landed in a leather tunic.
Amid the fast-moving chaos, it gets a little repetitive: there's so much volcanic action, so much fire and brimstone that all that heat might leave you cold.
It might be trash, but for those willing to forgive the bland narrative, Wrath Of The Titans is a relatively fun and spectacular adventure.
'Wrath of the Titans' is a Greek tragedy...I felt like I was being pounded to death by the theater's subwoofers and having things flung at me from the screen.
The lack of majesty and the overall been-there-seen-that feeling render Wrath of the Titans a textbook example of a disappointing cash-in.
The gods must be on steroids!
What it lacks are the very elements that made the first movie such a surprise: wit and nerve.
For a movie featuring so many iconic mythological figures, the battles are completely void of excitement, none more so than the climactic showdown with Kronos.
My first clue that this was going to be a disaster was the director, Jonathan Liebesman, who also directed "Battle Los Angeles".
"Wrath of the Titans" is what it is. It's an action flick that utilizes 3-D better than most.
The problem with a film that uses CGI as a substitute for good writing is that virtually every picture that comes along nowadays has impressive visual effects; this has leveled the playing field, to say the least.
Next to Perseus and his world, John Carter is as colorful as Tony Stark and Barsoom is as colorful as Pandora.
Wrath of the Titans is fluff, for sure, but it's not even lighthearted cotton candy. It's more like a convenience store burrito.
Greek gods and demigods return in a spiffed-up adventure involving Hydras, Cyclops, and Kronos himself. Strong 3D effects help make this worth seeing.
While Wrath of the Titans may not be escapist fantasy entertainment at its finest, the film's strong cast and striking visuals make for a thrilling theatrical ride.
The Olympian peak of Hollywood creative bankruptcy, a sequel to a remake of a movie that wasn't that good to begin with - executed as a special-effects demo reel in the place of actual entertainment.
This feeble followup to 2010's godawful Clash of the Titans sucketh the mighty big one.
Wrath of the Titans won't get anyone through their exams in Greek mythology - but it will pop your eyes as well as your corn.
...nothing but mindless special effects.
Wrath of the Titans is proof that while ugly pictures make a bad film worse, prettier ones don't make a bad film better.
Worthington remains a distinctly humourless hero, which makes you long for the likes of a prime-time Harrison Ford or Arnold Schwarzenegger, who knew how to make a fondue out of cheese.
"A" for effort, O noble warrior, but Harry Hamlin still eats your lunch.
This is filmmaking without personality, a movie that doesn't just feel like watching someone else play a video game but like it was actually made by a computer program.
It's a textbook example of a blockbuster sequel that was made purely for financial, rather than creative reasons.
Generally afraid to actually let you focus on any of his digital creations too long, lest the seams show...never stops to let you get a fix on what they actually look like.
Rosamund Pike is hilariously miscast. Her plummy voice ringing out amid the film's mish-mash of accents, she rallies her troops looking and sounding less like a mythological heroine than a lacrosse captain rousing her team on the school playing field.
As was the case the last time around, we're not presented any reason to care about the characters, their plight and goals, or anything else about the film. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
With its heavy sword passed down too many generations, this spectacular if tired sequel to a remake abounds in rehashed myths and second-hand ideas.
Silly and mindless, but ultimately not much fun. Without that, what's the point?
Where's The Kraken?
So little plot and character that you'd be hard pressed to call this a 'film' in the strictest definition of the term.
The new film is just about endurable. You won't want to watch it again. But you won't feel like scratching your eyes out while sitting through your first viewing.
There is not much new in the sequel and [director] Jonathan Liebesman never ties enough emotion to the main characters for you to care about their peril.
The film is better than the first (not a difficult achievement), especially the 3D. But flashy visuals do not a good movie make and the script is rubbish.
The father of the gods turned out to be a CGI-created, lava-spewing, mountain-sized creature with smudgy features and all the eloquence of a belch.
[I]ncompetent on the most basic levels. There's no physical or narrative context for anything... It's bewildering. It's mind-boggling. It can only be the work of trickster gods attempting to drive us mad.
A movie in which whole sequences consist of nothing but guys fighting stiff computer images. Such scenes would be boring even were they done well, but these scenes aren't done well.
Mercifully short and only terribly mediocre.
At least it doesn't take itself too seriously.
Wrath of the Audience -- that's a movie I'd pay to see.
This big-budget production will probably look terrific in IMAX, but what you'll mostly see in "Wrath" is the spectacle of Hollywood spending money in all the wrong places.
The good news is: "Wrath" is a much better film than "Clash" - lighter, more agile, with much better special effects and pretty decent 3-D.
A journey back to an ancient time when gods walked the earth, monsters breathed fire and stout-hearted warriors wore adorable leather cheerleader skirts with strappy gladiator sandals.
Wrath of the Titans managed to surprise me a bit by being rather mindlessly entertaining just as long as I didn't try to think too hard.
Doesn't drag in doling out familiar sensations.
Wrath of the Titans is a testosterone fueled effects romp and proud of it.
A slight improvement upon its 2010 predecessor.
For a film that barely engages the brain at all, it works pretty damn well for the ears and eyeballs.
A sprinkle of distinguished actors, lots of beefcake, mythical monsters, and dialogue so ear-crashingly awful it is a step down from scripted awards-show presenter banter.
At the very least, this new adventure has stronger CGI and 3D, but there's not enough improvement in production imagination to make this second chapter leap off the screen.
Lieberson's direction lacks any sense of geography or light and shade. Nor does he endow the film with the slightest sense of reality.
Maybe it's just my imagination, but Sam Worthington seems to be getting slightly less stiff as an actor. He now smiles occasionally, and he's at least risen to the soulful inexpressiveness of the young Ryan O'Neal.
Big-budget 3D junk, but director Jonathan Liebesman has a flair for it, and most of the actors appear to be having a juicy good time.
Countless boring sword-and-sandal skirmishes, none of which feel remotely suspenseful, until the hugeness of it all becomes a mildly passable joke.
How can a movie that's so big feel so small?
While the special effects are sharper than in Clash of the Titans, the dialogue is equally uninspired.
When a terrible movie like 2010's "Clash of the Titans" grosses $493 million worldwide, why bother making a good sequel?
Wrath radiates the straight-forward, straight-faced pleasures of the mytho-muscular epics, like Hercules and Jason and the Argonauts, produced in Europe a half-century ago.
[A] loud and agonizingly dull sequel that inherits all the problems that plagued its predecessor - and then some.
This is pure product, a movie desperately without energy or enthusiasm of any kind.
When the Titans last clashed two years ago, their dialogue was idiotic, their plot machinations impenetrable and their 3-D process an add-on disaster. The best I can say for this sequel-not such a bad best-is that you'll want to keep your 3-D glasses on.
Though the film shortchanges us on the promise of its title, providing only one titan, it is overkill in most other regards.
it almost makes you want to go out into the multiplex parking lot afterwards and plaintively call out "Come back, 'John Carter'--all is forgiven!"
If the first film was humorless, its sequel is guilty of misplaced laughs.
Greek mythology feels particularly ill-used as a framework for narrative standards this low.
Not quite wrath, more a persistant crossness, and in the case of Rosamund Pike's Andromeda, a kind of pained, headmistressy dismay.
Liebesman and his small army of screenwriters can't quite hold onto the reins--there is too much of a desire to deliver the action beats to allow anything else to shine through--but they've tried where many wouldn't have bothered.
I'm sure digital artists labored like Hercules to create the meshing gears of this intricate subterranean world, but it feels as mechanical as it looks.
Rarely has a film so equally balanced macho and nacho...
[Perseus] just doesn't feel as motivated here. He's Complacent Rocky, when "Wrath'' needs Eye-of-the-Tiger Rocky. At least the 3-D passes muster.
The biggest fault is that comparatively little attention is given to the monsters. We see a swish of tail here, a giant foot there, but too often we're denied a lingering look at the destroyers.
To prefer Wrath of the Titans to its predecessor, the 2010 remake Clash of the Titans, is like saying that a punch in the stomach is better than a knee to the groin.
Clunky, muddled mishmash of Greek mythology, which is most notable for loudness, splashy but unimpressive effects and the sight of some decent actors slumming it up.
If you liked the last one you'll probably enjoy this one too. Not the worst film ever, but totally disposable. In one ear, and out the other...
Those who didn't sleep through their mythology classes might recall that Helius was in fact the son of Hyperion. But, you know, Greek mythology? Whatevs, bro! Have another Tecate!
Sure to lift the benighted spirits of Greeks currently flailing in an economic Hades of their own making but a drag for anyone else, this iffy sequel to last year's Clash of the Titans is considerably less captivating than the Eurozone crisis.
Seldom has the potential destruction of the world seemed as dull as it does in "Wrath of the Titans."
A sequel nobody asked for, except for some really hard-core Pegasus fans and Hollywood studio execs who would turn wallpaper into a trilogy if the rights were available.
As a ragingly inessential sequel to a remake of a film based on Greek mythology, Wrath Of The Titans is shopworn and derivative even by the degraded standards of contemporary blockbuster filmmaking.
Cinemagoers who have come to expect poor writing in blockbusters may not be surprised by any of this, but what really startles is the way Wrath bungles its main draw: the visuals.
From top-grade 3D to a multitude of monsters and a welcome influx of acting talent, this is pure popcorn pleasure.
The actual story is incoherent, and the choppily paced movie is too short to develop the characters.
Just as goofy as the first one, but actually enjoyable this time around.
Less boring is still too boring.
The ensuing good-natured idiocy is tempered with wit and self-awareness: the prospect of further additions to this franchise no longer sounds like divine punishment.
You get an idea of who the major players are, and then they spend a modest amount of time shouting laughable dialogue at one another while being all but forced off the screen by special effects.
The biggest surprise of this mythical swashbuckler is how downright dull it is. Wrath is supposed to be emotional, right? And Titans? Shouldn't they at least be compelling?
It takes a CliffsNotes approach to mythology, fleecing it of both the drama and the fun. The gods certainly won't be smiling on this one.
Perhaps Liebesman, whose previous movie was the grim "Battle: Los Angeles," is too drawn to the spectacle of battle to find the balance of camp and seriousness a patently ludicrous film such as "Wrath of Titans" seeks.
This is a product of gross indifference in every respect, an attempt on the part of its producers to make enough money to justify a third, perhaps even more cut-rate, installment. (Revenge of the Titans?)
Worth a watch for some stunning scenes - particularly an extended shot entering the dark heart of Kronos's lair - and retina-blasting setpieces.
Not a gigantic leap forward for cinema but, armed with a new director, a new story and the return of a trying-harder Worthington and good ol' Liam Neeson as a put-upon Zeus, a marked upgrade in quality.
There's little about this picture to really endear the viewer after the whole thing wraps. That said, while it's happening, the sensationalism is, well, pretty sensational
Not unlike a twelve-year-old's sugar high-induced crayon creations.
Enjoyable sequel that improves considerably on the original film thanks to some terrific special effects and strong performances...
The effects are impressive but wasted in the service of a silly, so-what story.
Yes, this Titans is going to you-know-where. At least this one manages to make the 3-D ride worth the destination.
'Wrath Of The Titans' can be summed up by describing the work Worthington does in it: still not great, but you've got to give it up for anyone who tries this hard.
Wrath of the Titans delivers blockbuster bluster with single-minded blandness.
Mind numbing, big action spectacle is what Wrath of the Titans should have delivered. That Liebesman thought he had the tools to deliver anything beyond that is the only entertainment to be taken from this misdirected mess.
Liebesman tries to correct the problems of Clash of Titans with a new team of writers but to no avail: Except for some visual elements, this sequel is just as tedious and uninvolving; Ramirez, so good in Carlos, is totally wasted.
It's a mess too, but it's far more defensible as a lazy Sunday lark for those who have just recently outgrown action figures.
A relentlessly mechanical piece of work that will not or cannot take the imaginative leaps to yield even fleeting moments of awe, wonder or charm.
Wrath Of The Titans is at its most entertaining when the characters give up on the dull dialogue and simply let the action do the talking.
If even a tenth of the care and attention lavished on the production design and action sequences had been afforded the script, this could have been an adventure of legendary proportions.

@highlight

Its 3D effects are an improvement over its predecessor's, but in nearly every other respect, Wrath of the Titans fails to improve upon the stilted acting, wooden dialogue, and chaos-driven plot of the franchise's first installment.