If the director occasionally strays into bombast, . . .he still manages to make a strong case for war between democracy and capitalism, two systems conjoined in Western thought, but now terribly at odds.
Left-leaning audiences will readily agree with it, but the lack of ideas on how to take on such an enormous enterprise as the military-industrial complex limits the film's intrusion into reality.
Surely, Jarecki's expose is an engrossing and startling documentary, but it never gives those who keep up with world events something they haven't known for years.
Why We Fight is a shell-shock of a film.
While this misleading doc lauds neo-conquistador Eisenhower for coining and anticipating the military industrial complex, let's not forget how he propagated something else - the CIA extra-legal tactic of target assassinations.
The film may find a niche and raise interest from those of both sides of the political spectrum.
U.S. imperialism exposed as a categorical imperative by this damning documentary about the Military Industrial Complex.
Finally, the real reason we're stuck in Iraq.
Ultimately, Why We Fight reveals itself as yet another leftie doc with an anti-war agenda. But the mere fact that it takes time to ask questions and listen to opposing viewpoints sets it apart from the pack.
How does all this disparate material fit together? Uneasily.
A film that stands out for its passion, ambition and clarion-call sincerity, even amid the contemporary onslaught of political documentaries.
Yes, the deck is stacked, but the converts that Jarecki presents are pretty convincing.
Extremely timely and urgently relevant.
The film's strength is that it isn't hesitant to name names on either end of the political spectrum
Is he preaching to the choir? Yes, but they'll find it beautiful music.
When Jarecki segues into what could be called "Why We're Fighting" -- in Iraq, that is -- his film loses much of its focus and its power.
A dense documentary that explores why America goes to war
Entertaining, informative and thought provoking "Why We Fight" clearly exposes the enemy within. Don't miss it.
While Why We Fight comes across as strongly researched and well reasoned, it can be a slog through information that has been in the public sphere for some time.
Jarecki reminds us that there is no reason to believe that U.S. supremacy is destined to last forever
You might think that any explanation of so human an undertaking as war would give a nod to folly, ignorance and misguided idealism. You won't find any of that here.
The fact is, Jon Stewart on The Daily Show uncovers this same hypocrisy every night, and does it in two minutes with irony and humor, while Why We Fight attempts it with outrage and scolding.
Does a good job in stating its case in a detailed and sober manner.
Yet another well-intentioned documentary that will preach to the choir but no one else.
Wisely eschewing any pretense of journalistic objectivity, Jarecki has fashioned a canny indictment of the current administration's military adventures, limning an alternate history of the rise of the American empire over the past 60 or so years.
... canny and somewhat overwhelming documentary ...
There isn't a lot that's new in Why We Fight. Nor is it likely the anti-war film will preach to anyone but the converted. Nonetheless, it offers bits of intriguing history, and it urges us, perhaps, to reassess the stature of Eisenhower.
unlike [in Fahrenheit 9/11, Why We Fight lets its subjects do the talking; there's no constant narrative presence like in Moore's film. And as a result, it's considerably more persuasive.
Fahrenheit 9/11 for tweedy liberals who disdain Michael Moore's in-your-face persona.
An unflattering look at America's military-industrial complex.
Even if you don't agree with his analysis or conclusions, it's hard to see the cumulative weight of his [director Jarecki's] evidence as anything but prescient.
Eugene Jarecki's Why We Fight takes on enough subjects to make five great documentaries, but as a result is so scattered that it doesn't quite make for one good one.
It's hard to imagine a politician today addressing the public in Eisenhower's un-condescending, non-simplistic and honest terms.
Much of the information here is old news, and Jarecki's cursory collage style doesn't help his cause. But this is a case of compelling evidence overwhelming the drawbacks of form.
[Director Eugene] Jarecki says he was trying to connect our military past with the present. He doesn't do this as well as one might hope, but he certainly offers a fascinating treatise on current events.
[Reduces] to zero the chances that any impartial observer will be genuinely swayed by this cinematic position paper.
A stirring anti-war doc...deciphering fifty years of military misadventure.
...puts together a persuasive case that the U.S. government is driven in large part by the needs of the "military-industrial complex"
Although [director Eugene] Jarecki (The Trials of Henry Kissinger) is clearly left-leaning, he takes pains to be fair and balanced by including commentary from right-wingers.
It's impossible to imagine anyone, right-leaning or left, coming away from this hugely important documentary unshaken by its representation of the United States and its military establishment.
Taken as a whole, Why We Fight is the work of someone who started with a conclusion and made sure he got there.
More leftist propaganda masquerading as documentary.
The biggest accomplishment of the movie is that it eschews name-calling rhetoric and focuses on the issues.
Whichever truth you hold to be self-evident, Why We Fight will encourage you to reassess your beliefs and reconsider the meaning of national security.
...the movie everybody wanted Fahrenheit 9/11 to be.
"Why We Fight" should be required viewing for anyone who still believes that the U.S. presence in Iraq has anything to do with freedom. A masterpiece.
Fluidly edited by Nancy Kennedy, Why We Fight interweaves these personal stories not only with history but with one another, yielding some choice ironies.
The strength of this documentary lies in its balance, or at least the careful appearance of balance. Both sides of the issue receive their due ...
Not a lot new in this show, if you've read or seen Moore, or Gore Vidal, or Noam Chomsky. But Jarecki assembles argumentative elements shrewdly.
Jarecki's thoughtful, nonconfrontational approach makes it absorbing viewing, regardless of whether or not you buy his arguments.
Devoid of Michael Moore-style clownishness or self-aggrandisement, the film is deceptively temperate in its delivery -- belying the force of its polemicism and the power of its images.
A succinct history lesson and a horrifying inquiry into political contradictions, false promises and perpetuated terror.
Jarecki seems to have had his answers before asking the questions. He's a master at filtering, at choosing the best quotes to bolster his argument and at connecting dots that, perhaps, shouldn't be.
...seems to have found the flash point for our current national anxiety.
A provocative documentary that asks us to ask questions about our foreign policy and our responsibilities as a society.
How you react to Why We Fight will be entirely subjective, much as with Fahrenheit 9/11. However, this is by far the superior film, if only from a technical standpoint.
After Ike makes his point in the opening minutes, the film itself essentially just elaborates it.
Why We Fight has passion and ambition and research to spare. Too bad Jarecki didn't take a somewhat fresher, more balanced approach in making his case.
A well-researched, impassioned, talking-head-filled treatise on the militarization of America.
Though it's open to criticism on grounds of partiality, overall it offers a salutary voice at a time when the apparatus of officialdom has been so effectively monopolized.
There is plenty here that should worry members of both political parties.
Even if one disagrees vehemently with Jarecki's interpretations of events and history, it's hard not to be impressed by the rigorousness with which he gathers his arguments.
A somber polemic that presents a convincing case against using war as an economic booster -- although, Jarecki argues, that is precisely what the United States has been doing under every president since Truman.
It raises questions that everybody, of all political persuasions, should think about.
A sobering look at the world we live in.
... a sobering history lesson as well as a political polemic on foreign policy and the growth of war into America's biggest business.
Memo to left-wing anti-Bushies: Stories like this work. Don't lecture. Tell stories! Much better!
The film is a clear-headed anomaly of reason that one hopes won't get lost in the bicker-and-scream shuffle of TV punditry.
So what's the answer? Are we defending freedom or profits? ... See this film and judge for yourself.
Stands as a class-act stylistic rebuttal to Fahrenheit 9/11 -- it asks questions rather than bludgeons us with ridicule, and it has the grace to hint that we can think for ourselves.
These questions go to the heart of how the U.S. works as a self-interested "nation" (whatever that term can mean) and an ideological force.
I would like to believe that we still live in a world, and in a country were people will want to see something and will want to be informed.
As well-argued and well-presented Jarecki's case is, it won't seem particularly earth-shattering to anybody who has been able to look at America's military machinery with any sort of objectivity.
... Why We Fight is neither fair nor convincing.
Jarecki's "Why We Fight" is a cynical account of the state of a world that is becoming, more and more, under the control of governments and corporations
All of that clarification and mainstreaming have made Why We Fight into a film that preaches to the choir, rather than incites debate.
Compulsory viewing in an age when the war of words is every bit as entrenched (and fierce) as the one with weapons.
...dense, wide-ranging...
Ike Eisenhower lives on in a critique of the military-industrial complex. Is anyone surprised?
... intelligently presented and makes good sense.
the best documentary about militarism and America's political reach that I've seen, just edging out the 1972 Vietnam documentary Winter Soldier.
... a deeply provocative piece of filmmaking.
Why We Fight wants to shake us up, and boy, does it ever.
It ranks with The Fog of War as one of the best political documentaries of the last few years.
There have been so many protest pictures on the scene since the Iraq war began -- from Michael Moore, Robert Greenwald and other provocateurs -- that Why We Fight leaves you with a mild sense of deja vu rather than a fresh sense of outrage.
... this rehash of familiar pacifist arguments offers neither heat nor light.
Whether we've reached the critical mass of "misplaced power" is the gist of the current national debate, and Why We Fight is a useful tool in that argument.
...raises more questions than it answers in a fumbled attempt to get to the bottom of America's increasingly permanent state of war.
A solid primer on the American war machine.
There's probably little...that an informed citizen would not already know or at least intuit, but Jarecki stitches his information together so compellingly that his document acts as a wakeup call to a complacent nation
Pick this Fight; it really packs a punch.
... even those of radical political persuasion might find it hard to accept Mr. Jarecki's argument that American militarism is, underneath the talk about freedom and democracy, a simple question of dollars.
It's thoughtful, and you have to take it seriously and with respect.
Extends beyond the titular question to touch on such issues as why we are hated so much and why we get it wrong so often.
In addition to the usual pontificators like Gore Vidal, whose world weariness has assumed Olympian proportions, the director provides interviews with such right-wing counterparts as Richard Perle and William Kristol.
Jarecki's well-argued, if demoralizing, documentary is a thoughtful discussion of current U.S. foreign policy and lessons not learned.
I can't help but be bugged by propaganda, no matter its point-of-view.
A hard-hitting and enlightening documentary designed to arouse citizen activism against any more costly and unnecessary wars.
In a post-9/11 world, Why We Fight is a dangerously naive propaganda piece whose logical arguments are quite dated.
We're left with a vision of America grown accustomed, if not addictively numb, to the deadening spirit of war.
An excellent piece of propaganda. This French financed film uses lies and half-truth to it's full affect to promote it's damnable blood libels.
Jarecki's film forcefully argues that the much abused word freedom cannot paper over the conflicts between capitalism and democracy.
Undeniably effective in raising questions about "why we are doing what we're doing" and the effects on others and ourselves.
It's unconvincing and ineffective; the many patches of ideological montage, growing like kudzu throughout the film, weaken the impact of its best moments.
The film's strengths lie in the way it mixes facts with more personal stories to show both the reasons and the effects of war.
Facts that aren't redundant often border on being off-topic.
Why We Fight truly is Fahrenheit 9/11 without the gimmicks, emotional chokehold, or hullabaloo (at least not yet).
What makes Why We Fight so devastating is that it stands as a plea for reason in an age that expresses little use for it.
A thoroughgoing and affecting film on the nature and causes of the American military-industrial complex.
This is just a Michael Moore film without Michael Moore -- without the ego and the bombast and the cheap theatrics. It's 'Fahrenheit 9/11' that's had a shave and a shower.
Thoughtful and extremely well-made.



@highlight

A provocative and timely film that explores the military/industrial complex and the motivating forces that lead us to war.