Rim is scary, smart and scientific, with humor weaved in throughout. The visual effects are stunningly believable and artistic in every scene.
Pacific Rim is a brilliant surprise. Its cheerful audaciousness will take you back to a time when blockbusters were original stories that filled you with glee and wonder.
The whole thing is so silly: the heroes are wooden, the concept is amoebic, even the title is a joke.
It is definitely a nerd film. If you're into this kind of stuff, you're going to love this movie. Outsiders...it might be harder.
As a tribute to the Godzilla/King Kong genre, Pacific Rim isn't too bad. But after seeing the Jurassic Park re-release a few months back, it is hard not to be reminded of what a summer blockbuster should be.
... things just exist. There's never any reason given, and there's no logical limit on what can be done.
The film is basically a 10-year-old boy's fantasy with a $220-million budget.
Pacific Rim may work best in its smaller moments, a testament to director Guillermo del Toro's ability to build worlds.
I expected the melding of horror and humor so singular to him, not the soulless and ultimately monotonous spectacle actually delivered.
Mythology is rife with giants. There are Greek Titans, Norse Jotuns, a race of giant humans that went extinct, Cyclops, Bigfoot-which giant mythology does 'Pacific Rim' tap?
Pacific Rim is the most shamelessly entertaining summer movie we've seen so far this year.
"Pacific Rim" puts the "disaster" in "disaster movie."
It's brilliant. I couldn't keep the smile off my face the whole way home.
The humans battle the kaiju both intellectually and physically, although it doesn't take long to realize that Pacific Rim is really only concerned with the latter.
Del Toro lives and breathes this stuff like mythopoetic oxygen.
Dumb fun done smart.
Pacific Rim is a cut above the standard-gauge heavy-metal blockbuster, with less cynicism, more soul, a wealth of visual detail and a desperate pulse of intelligence beneath the mayhem. But it's still profoundly silly.
There's so much onscreen, so much suggested but not explored or explained, almost like jam-packed Harvey Kurtzman panels from classic MAD magazines, detailed by the likes of a Romanek or Tarsem.
The action is spectacular, but the thinly characterised humans who pilot the robots in mind-synched pairs inevitably get dwarfed. And without vivid heroes to root for, after a while the humungous robot-monster smackdowns lose their impact,
Del Toro is a dreamer. He's a visionary. If you give him a pile of money to make enormous robots fight enormous monsters at the end of civilization, he will work to make Pacific Rim a movie that makes you feel all the enormousness.
Pacific Rim is a special-effects behemoth, a toy franchise with a deafeningly loud movie attached -- Transformers with an A-level.
Michael Bay has made three Transformers movies, and he hasn't done one yet that was as much fun as this.
Pacific Rim is, as you might expect, a visual extravaganza brimming with lush colors, state-of-the-art CGI effects and the promised robots on monsters hard-core fights to the death.
In essence, Pacific Rim features a series of Godzilla monsters battle an ever dwindling number of Transformers, layered over the plot from Independence Day, only dumber.
From a pure fan-boy perspective, this film packs in a great deal of energy without feeling like a stale Michael Bay film. Guillermo del Toro mixes playful energy with outstanding effects.
Bro, it comes down to this: if you can't turn the brain meat off and sit back and enjoy Charlie Hunnam, Rinko Kikuchi and Idris Elba beating the crap out of some monsters then, dude, you're the monster.
Guillermo del Toro's Pacific Rim is awesome, scary, weird, exciting, exuberant, and ridiculous -- basically everything you want from a sci-fi action movie.
Feels like it's always struggling to break through the screen-if only to grab you by the scruff of the neck and drag you in.
There was a time when I would have considered Pacific Rim the greatest movie ever made. But then I turned 12.
Pacific Rim is the perfect example of how to make an effective summer blockbuster. It has heart, brains and enough action and explosions to shock and awe just about anyone.
A blockbuster of substance and depth...
The plot is well designed considering how silly the movie really is. Credit that to Guillermo Del Toro. He obviously put a lot of though into the picture, but it's still a basic action film, and the selling point is giant robots battling giant monsters.
If it sounds kinda fun, please know it is, with those aforementioned scientists (TV faces Charlie Day and Burn Gorman) creating some laughs with their goofy nature of oneupsmanship.
...a punishing ordeal that just might mark the nadir of the modern big-budget blockbuster...
Impossível deixarmos a sala de projeção sem uma sensação clara de caloroso retorno à infância.
Fueled by an ambition that channels enthusiasm for characters and narrative details above the high-octane action, and driven by visual effects that are a compliment to those traits rather than a distraction.
the attention to social detail, as well as the film's visual punch, makes Pacific Rim more than a monsters-on-the-rampage movie--although it is certainly that, as well.
It's del Toro's squarest, least interesting film. It's as if the sense of fun and wonder collapsed beneath the gargantuism of the budget, in an esthetic equivalent of the square-cube law that makes the story's monsters impossible in real life.
It's stupid but I liked it.
Monster action with minor smarts...the fatigue factor sets in early, especially without much humor and only corny asides available to balance the onslaught.
It's the movie Transformers should have been, treating the lizard-brain appeal of a fight between humongous critters with the respect it deserves.
A movie that both distills and perfects the tradition from which it's drawn.
Giant robots and ugly sea monsters stave off disaster for Del Toro's latest
My inner 10-year old thought "Pacific Rim" was totally cool, engaging and entertaining. My current, outer 45-year old thinks it best not to think too hard about the plot.
Beyond the brink but an entertainment just the same. If you have the same reaction I did about the time issue, you may start thinking you'll never get home. But, once you do, you'll have a lot to talk about.
Guillermo del Toro delivers on the special effects but the plot is a little weak.
In many ways this is the best giant monster film ever made. And in many ways it should have been better.
Visually stunning, this example of spectacle over story is hampered by a terribly cliched script and poor performances
It is possible to applaud Pacific Rim for the efficacy of its business model while deploring the tale that has been engendered -- long, loud, dark, and very wet. You might as well watch the birth of an elephant.
The project is too simple-minded to take very seriously.
The film's visuals are so intoxicating that just living in the movie's world is entirely worthwhile, even if it's not the most dramatically compelling place to be.
What makes Pacific Rim work -- and work far better than it probably has any right to -- is the way del Toro embraces the movie's deliberately corny tone.
"This does lack a little soul, but it hardly matters, as the full-throttle, über-monstrous fun more than makes up for it."
PACIFIC RIM transports you into a world that could have been conceived by a 12-year-old boy. This movie is a total kick ass nerdfest that has nothing but love for the material it's tackling. Del Toro has made the best blockbuster of the summer!
A mixture of popular action genres, with robots, mind-melding and monsters. There is a nice mix of elements. The heroes include a woman and two nerdy scientists. It is not just simple explosions, anger and testosterone.
As I watched Pacific Rim I could literally feel myself shedding IQ points the way Kate Hudson sheds a big lunch in the bathroom of the Beverly Hills Hotel.
What contemporary American audiences probably don't realize is how many movies today are being made in America with the foreign audience uppermost in mind.
Facile, fast-paced film-turned-video game...with a weak story and rather uninteresting heroes.
In 'Pacific Rim,' there's a little bit of Godzilla and a sprinkling of World War II-era combat movies mixed with a little bit of what you might call Transformers from a gifted-and-talented class.
Of its many failings, the biggest drawback to "Pacific Rim" is the sci-fi fantasy's presentation as anything other than children's movie.
A whole lot happens in Pacific Rim, Guillermo Del Toro's hybrid of just about every major cinematic genre. And none of it means much.
Del Toro's visual sensibilities have survived his transfer from the arthouse of Pan's Labyrinth, but his interest in plot quirk or character originality has not.
Guillermo del Toro infuses this monstrous undertaking with just what it needs -- a little heart.
Entertaining enough silliness.
...never quite tingles your brain the way superior science fiction can.
While I can't quite convince myself that it is the equivalent of a four-star meal that some of its geeking fan boys want it so desperately to be, I concede that it is, at the very least, edible.
A massive-scale battle royale between robots and monsters that doesn't fail to entertain.
... follows the ID4 formula to the letter; swap fighters vs. flying saucer action for mechs vs. monsters and enjoy.
Del Toro generally manages to keep triumphalism at bay, avoids solemnity, gives each nation a fair share of the limelight and cheerfully embraces the mock seriousness that such films insist on.
As adventures in mechanised mayhem go, the picture does, of course, crush the Transformers franchise into iron filings.
Is this going to give me enough of a story and enough characters to carry the amount of rocket-punching and monster-bashing that I want to see? The answer is yes.
A pic made for those who can appreciate the sophisticated special effects over all else.
In an American summer season of less-than-stellar efforts so far, Pacific Rim is not the worst of the bunch but it is clearly the film that falls furthest from its inherent potential.
Undoubtedly the worst big-screen film since M. Night Shyamalan's The Last Airbender...To put it bluntly, Pacific Rim deserves the derision usually lumped upon Transformers 2.
Perhaps we should just be grateful that a director with any kind of artistic sensibility took this on.
Del Toro's love letter to otaku everywhere is kept from perfection by doltish dialog and overly dark battle scenes, but Pacific Rim is an incredibly enjoyable blast of summer fun worth seeing on the largest screen possible.
...the great demolition derby that Guillermo del Toro has been working towards.
Harryhausen and Honda are gods to del Toro, but the movie he's produced in their honor has less in common with their disarming flights of fancy and more with the assembly-line blockbusters that are becoming increasingly indistinguishable from one another.
I hope Pacific Rim is a huge hit. Because we need a ton more movies like it.
Awesome in a whole lot of different ways. Don't see it in IMAX, though.
For those who wondered how Del Toro would handle a big budget tentpole, Pacific Rim is his response, a 30-story middle finger to Universal for pulling the plug on AtMoM.
Yes, as a critic, I can find things to pick apart about "Pacific Rim," but ultimately I was won over by the visceral thrills and the giddy delights of Del Toro's sleek homage to the monster movies of his youth.
...Pacific Rim is rather generic, familiar and cliche-ridden; ambitious ideas and spectacular designs wrapped up in a banal and tediously told story that's as clamorous, loud and disorienting as any Michael Bay movie...
Heavy handed, heavy jointed, lacquered with heavy use of 3D and bulked up by long stretches of heavy machines swinging around heavy globs of concentrated CGI.
Pacific Rim will tickle every Godzilla and Neon Genesis Evangelion loving fiber in your body. Guillermo del Toro has created a giant monster infested ecstasy that will send chills up your spine.
The dumbed down summer blockbuster of all dumbed down summer blockbusters
Impressive CGI, but loud, long, inane and bland with many plot holes and tedious action sequences that are more exhausting and underwhelming than exhilarating. It fails to display the brilliance of filmmaker Guillermo del Toro.
For "Pacific Rim" to work we have to believe in this future world...and we do.
A ridiculously entertaining (and often just plain ridiculous) monster-robot movie that plays like that "Rock 'em Sock 'em Robots" game from the 1960s.
Many of us have almost a primal fondness for seeing two big things tear each other apart, and if Pacific Rim doesn't do much else, it certainly taps into that.
Del Toro's not filming a beer commercial; he's making epic action art.
When I remember the summer of 2013, this is the movie I'll think of. A first-rate sci-fi adventure that made me feel all giddy inside.
Its visual achievements notwithstanding, Pacific Rim's greatest breakthrough may be that it's the first Hollywood blockbuster to sport a title less descriptive of its plot than of its intended market.
Pacific Rim has its creator to thank for elevating it above so many similar and forgettable action blockbusters, through sheer creativity, love and force of will.
There really is something different this time around, and it is not just the sophisticated special effects.
It's a clunky piece of irony, but Pacific Rim is a celebration of analog made possible by digital technology.
Hopefully come Oscar time, the Kaiju are recognized for their outstanding performances in this high-class art film.
It's an original work with the spirit of every Godzilla movie you've ever seen and every giant robot fight you've ever imagined. And it's a hell of a lot of fun.
It's great.
So audaciously, shamelessly, and hypnotically cacophonous that you have no choice but to give yourself over to it.
It's as if Del Toro neuro-linked with a robot and then couldn't figure out how to work the controls -- and so watched impotently as the machine made the major creative decisions.
Excessively repetitive throughout the 131-minute running time, Mexican-born Guillermo Del Toro directs as if he's got a career death wish.
If it's human drama you like ... you'll be less richly served.
Guillermo del Toro clearly intends to invoke the warm nostalgia of crappy-fun Japanese fare and grindhouse cinema, while repurposing the aesthetic for the modern digital age.
This is the monster movie we've always wanted.
Pacific Rim is the Godzilla movie that should have been.
Suffers the same syndrome as Tim Burton's Ed Wood: maybe it's disrespectful to make a probing movie homage to goofy source material.
Why did this consummate labor of love have to be so dumb - so clunky and hollow and poorly-acted? Why does it feel so incomplete?
All the unpredictability of professional wrestling plus the magic of synchronized Stairmasters -- that's what I got out of the vaunted spectacle of Pacific Rim.
Ear-Splitting nonsense
Utter awesomeness.
There are long sequences in this movie that merit that most overused of terms: "Awesome."
The movie's main drawing power is also its strongest weakness. Del Toro knows what the audience wants to see, but he doesn't build to it, or make us earn it. You want fights, oh we'll give them to you - every ten minutes.
It won't steal any real estate in your heart still occupied by Gamera, Ultra-Man or those weird times when Godzilla battled King Kong or his own mecha-doppelganger, but it can stand proudly next to them and belch nuclear fire all day long.
A morass of metallic mayhem.
But whatever, this movie has giant robots fighting giant monsters! Bam! Pow! When the chips are down, del Toro delivers the goods as he holds literally nothing back in this all-out sensory assault.
Certainly one of the most eccentric and imaginative films of the summer.
It should have been something special, and all we got was more of the norm.
From the time this sucker started I had an ear-to-ear grin on my face that was so wide my cheeks are still killing me hours later, It'll make you feel like a kid again.
The adult in me might wonder how beings from another universe don't blink out of existence entering one with entirely different cosmic constants... but, then the kid in me says to myself, "Shut up, brain! Giant robots and alien godzillas!"
The fights are well-staged and there's just enough interstitial humanity among boxing matches to keep things from getting monotonous.
By no means a jaegerbomb, but not the TKO some of us may have expected from our beloved visionary. Adjust expectations and enjoy the big, dumb brawl.
In a summer that's been dominated by spectacles that feel small and self-contained despite the enormous wads of cash thrown at the screen, this is the first movie to come along that thinks big.
But could it follow After Earth and The Lone Ranger into the currently raging bonfire of box-office despair?
A war movie in the grandest tradition, set in a rich new fictional universe that we're going to be talking about for a long time.
It has enough bombast and vigor for 100 summer movies, but it also has a firm grasp on what makes genre storytelling work, and it's del Toro's true love and respect for Kaiju that holds Pacific Rim up, even in its most predictable moments.
Exciting and stylish director del Toro's loving send up of the monster movie wears its cheesy veneer as well as the gargantuan armor surrounding the film's robotic heroes. I give it a "FIX" rating.
Big, dumb and loud in all the very best ways.
Del Toro does these creations and the action involving them no favors by shooting so much of them in virtual close-up...
Del Toro is reveling in blockbuster clichés at the same time he's pounding them into the pavement, and somehow that self-consciousness lets us all in on the joke.
After a long cycle of action movies in which the protagonists spend most of their downtime introspecting about their heroic obligations, Pacific Rim is something different: a heart-warming team-building exercise.
A blockbuster that redefines the term overkill.
At last, a blockbuster that delivers the goods!
Monsters, robots, grand heroism and a few clever jokes: Sounds like a perfect Saturday afternoon to me.
If you smile at the thought of giant robots fighting giant monsters, del Toro has crafted a cinematic love letter specifically with you in mind. Those not immediately sold on the premise should sit this installment of Rock'Em Sock'Em robots out.
The spectacle is distancing and even though it may have been unintentional, there is subtext in Pacific Rim and it is not fun.
Pacific Rim" stomps all over the rubble of old Japanese creature features, scorching away much of the rubber-suited fun of those early atomic age fancies.
It's dumb because it's about giant monsters fighting giant robots. But it's awesome because, well, it's about giant monsters fighting giant robots.
A hyperactive gothic science fiction film that dazzles with epic scope and heroics
Who cares about silly things like logic and sharp dialogue when you've got Charlie Day mind-melding with Kaiju and Jaegers using ships as clubs to swat down the nasty beasts.
Pacific Rim knows what sort of film it wishes to be; it is that film, and much more.
Pacific Rim's ability to make monster-walloping feel fun again will no doubt make Atlantic Seaboard (or maybe Mediterranean Coastal Region) as inevitable a follow-up as the return of the Kaiju through that pesky underwater portal.
That humanistic touch is pure del Toro, and it makes all the difference in Pacific Rim, whose own whirring, glowing heart doesn't belong to any machine but to the director himself.
Pacific Rim isn't bad. It's just that del Toro's attempt to go from a visionary weaver of fantasy to a merchant of summer schlock feels as mechanical as the giant Rock 'Em Sock 'Em Robots.
It's the quintessential mindless summer sci-fi action film and while it's successful in that respect, it's also disappointing because it could have been so much more.
A sense of delight envelops the film. It's as if (director Guillermo) Del Toro had channeled his inner little boy from his playroom.
My head is still ringing, and hurting, from long stretches of this aliens vs. robots extravaganza that are no better than the worst brain-pounders of the genre.
If you ever wanted to see a movie that is nothing but giant monsters battling giant robots, this is it.
Pacific Rim, thank the gods of cinema, is the work of a humanist ready to banish cynicism for compassion.
A 'Power Rangers' on steroids with an inane plot, cliche-ridden dialogue, cardboard characters and stilted acting.
The deliriously demented 1960s Japanese show 'Johnny Sokko and His Flying Robot' proves to be a stronger influence on 'Pacific Rim' than any Godzilla movie.
Sensory overload is the order of the day, Pacific Rim packing a punch with its bold and bright colour palette, sheer size and mega volume.
Pacific Rim looks great. It's one of the rare 3-D features that probably delivers more in the large-screen, stereoscopic format - severed Kaiju limbs, comin' at ya!
Giant robots vs. alien monsters, with a side of Charlie Day. What's not to like?
While Pacific Rim functions as a fairly enjoyable popcorn flick, it's lacking any real substance.
The most spectacular visual effects of the year. Del Toro is a master. May be the greatest monster movie I have ever seen.
Del Toro has a whopper of a story on his hands, but his unique storytelling sensibility feels muffled by the demands of genre contrivances and a bigger-is-better aesthetic.
Del Toro brings no pretense to Pacific Rim. He's simply making the most massive, relentlessly cool movie he can make until a studio accountant brings him to a full-stop.
Pacific Rim might not be the worst large-scale blockbuster of summer 2013, but it's the one that seems proudest of its stupidity
A jumble of grating caricatures shouting dopey lines at each other in a film with no real sense of cause and effect. It was like watching a nerd play with his dolls for two hours.
Inadvertently makes the case that extinction might not be so bad... If this is the best we can do in terms of movies - if something like this can speak to the soul of audiences - maybe we should just turn over the cameras to the alien dinosaurs
Hard to fathom that a movie filled with 2,500-ton stars can carry so little weight.
Director Guillermo del Toro, master of thoughtful horror in the Oscar-winning Pan's Labyrinth and The Devil's Backbone, gives himself over entirely to his inner 11-year-old.
It's a shame the story couldn't carry some of the heft of the hulking battlebots, but then I guess when the giant Gundam starts battling Godzilla, no one's curious about how they feel. You just stare, mouth agape, at the impressive display in front of you.
This movie will no doubt prompt comparisons to a Power Rangers episode or the next installment in Michael Bay's overwrought Transformers franchise.
The movie is an eyeful, especially in 3-D, but even with humans at the helms of the machines, it's a hollow exercise in homage.
It lasts more than two hours. And there is nothing endearing about it.
A big chunk of the film's entertainment value is figuring out where writer/director Guillermo del Toro got his ideas.
It's actually a weird relief to see a summer actioner with the nerve to just say, "This is how this fantasy world works, take it or leave it, we have monsters to punch." It makes Pacific Rim the summer's most authentically comic booky movie/
Another marathon of cacophony and cliché.
A movie with tremendous visuals, extraordinary production design and just enough humanity to keep it honest.
There's no denying Pacific Rim is the best film of its kind. It remains to be seen whether the film's epic clawing and clanking satisfies a pent-up demand equal to its ambitions.
Pacific Rim is shiny and big and eager to please, but its originality can't save it from feeling as derivative and empty as any cobbled-together remake.
The epic-scale battles between the towering robots and massive monsters are a huge part of this film's spectacle quotient and often achieve pop-visual grandeur.
Like most monster movies, Pacific Rim is at its best when humanity has been all but forgotten, reduced to a puny abstraction.
It's the perfect summer spectacle, with giant robots pounding on monsters, monsters stomping on cities, and the kind of mayhem that only big theaters with big screens and big sound systems can truly convey.
Though we may have seen bits of this and that in previous sci-fi adventures, the ingredients haven't ever been steeped together quite like this particular briny bouillabaisse. Soup's on ... enjoy.
A large-scale love letter to Japanese sci-fi, but also an accessible blockbuster imbued with delightful eccentricities amid its broad elements.
The best thing about this massive blockbuster is the way it updates the classic Japanese monster movie to the 21st century, with a first-rate cast and staggeringly good effects.
... Not only the movie of the summer, it's one of the best sci-fi action/adventure epics ever made.
The film, without a fresh or un-borrowed idea in its head, is exhausted before it begins.
The powers that be wanted to see giant robots battling giant monsters, and thus that's what we get, in spades. 'Pacific Rim' isn't awful, it's just another example of squandered opportunity. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
Far better than "Avatar"...one of the best films of the year.
The film appears to emerge from a weirdly indeterminate cross-cultural sludge, a homogenised, vaguely imagined zone in which the monsters are, for me, bigger but blander than in the classic Japanese monster movies of old.
The action quickly becomes repetitive and del Toro and Travis Beacham's screenplay is so humourless and cliché-riddled that the cast buckle under the strain ...
Unlike many enormomovies in which one special effect fights another special effect, "Pacific Rim" never loses sight of the human dimension.
"Pacific Rim" creates its own language and its own mythology, and the result is one gloriously entertaining vision that leaves us in wide-eyed wonder.
A huge movie, investing in a deafening sound design and extended presentations of mass destruction. In del Toro's sweaty hands, the chaos holds a little more appeal than the average summer blockbuster entry.
For all its expensive grandeur, almost too epic even for the vast canvases of IMAX, Pacific Rim is unmistakably a Del Toro creation.
This is Godzilla meets Transformers, with elements of the lesser Star Wars movies, all awash in thunderously loud, non-stop demolition.
A titanic sci-fi action fantasy that has been invested, against all expectations, with a heart, a brain, and something approximating a soul.
Godzilla, eat your heart out.
If you're 10 years old, or just want to feel that way for a couple of hours, "Pacific Rim" provides everything you need except the Twizzlers.
Even if you smirk at the plot conceit of mind-linked humans inside skyscraping robots fighting blockbuster sea beasts, the technical prowess on display can't help but impress.
I was having so much fun I lost track of where the line between good-stupid and bad-stupid might lie.
"Pacific Rim" is a little too long, a little too silly, and a little too underwritten, but for all that, it serves up a healthy portion of good old-fashioned guilt-free punching.
Some of those catchphrases are mildly clever. The lab coat mumbo-jumbo is amusing. The noble sentiments touch sweet chords. And who does not delight in seeing a robot punch a dinosaur every now and then - or pretty much constantly for two hours?
It's about lost shoes and bloody noses.
In action, the film is breathtaking, but as a whole it suffers from a relative lack of ambition.
A wonder that makes your eyes pop and jaw drop ... that rare beast, a movie that demands you get out of the house and see it on the biggest screen possible.
Shows how a fairly simple concept and plot can be transformed by a master filmmaker into literally one of the most entertaining and fun movies of the summer.
More "Transformers" than "Cloverfield." Where is the terror? Where is the suspense? Where is the beauty? The majesty? The sense of loss? "Pacific Rim" is a pretty, dumbed-down shell of a movie. It could have been so, so much more.
del Toro playing it safe but with ease.
I know we all wanted a robots versus monsters movie, but we don't need to accept a mediocre one. In fact, it's even more imperative we hold out for better.
When Guillermo del Toro gets the freedom to transfer so much from his increbidle imagination onto the IMAX screen, I would follow it anywhere.
Monsters fighting robots in the wrong hands can be a gigantic let down but with del Toro at the helm, it becomes the quintessential summer movie experience.
consider that the primary screenwriter on the piece is not del Toro, but the guy who wrote the remake of Clash of the Titans.
It's big and loud and kind of dumb and predictable. The difference is that, in del Toro's hands, it's meant to be.
That's exactly what the film feels like: a 48-year-old kid playing with gigantic action figures in the world's most expensive sandbox. Unfortunately, his deep-rooted passion never quite makes the leap from his imagination to the screen.
...picture Ripley suited up all "Tron"-like to take on an alien in a suit the size of a Manhattan high rise....deserves to be seen on the big screen - the bigger the better.
An endlessly raucous and wonderfully entertaining piece of grade-A eye candy from one of the few filmmakers I trust implicitly.
While the concept isn't original enough to make this an evolutionary leap for the genre, it's a glorious tribute to B-movie fire and fury.
Monsters versus robots .. with no room for characters or story or anything other than shiny metal and roaring bulk.
'Pacific Rim' delivers the goods without firing on all cylinders
It's by no means a bad film...but there's not a trace of Del Toro's compellingly off-kilter dabs on it.
Disappointing robots vs monsters blockbuster that features spectacular special effects but is let down by poor acting and a painfully dull script.
... the grace of movement established goes a long way in showing what is so wrong about the hyperkinetic animation employed in every Marvel Universe film. The Kaiju universe deserved and received more reverence than that ...
In a field rife with impostors and poseurs, Del Toro, like his mentors, is the real deal. It's good to have him working his magic again.
Let me just be blunt: anyone who excuses this movie on the grounds that the action is cool - not that there is anything wrong with that, and I mean it - needs to forfeit the right to ever again complain about Hayden Christensen, Shia LaBeouf or Megan Fox.
A big budget spectacle where every dollar is up on the screen, a boy's adventure tale told by a man who never ever wants to grow up (and hopefully, he never will).
It's closer to the hammering "Transformers" aesthetic than expected. Yet the weirdness around the edges saves it from impersonality.
As gripping as watching a Transformer toy battle in a bathtub with a rubber dinosaur.
You get 45 minutes of awesome encased in 90 minutes of yawnsome.
Giant robots are the last hope against an alien invasion in Guillermo del Toro's affectionate tribute to monster movies.
You could make another film for half the budget in the time it takes to roll the end credits for CGI imaging. There's stuff to look at, but doesn't anybody care that it doesn't make a word of sense?
Though it's made by an obviously gifted director and will likely please devotees of the genre, it ultimately feels very short on character and long on noise, noise, noise.
Pacific Rim is not a very good movie. That's not to say that a lot of people aren't going to have a lot of fun watching it.
There's not a drop of irony in del Toro's film, nothing cynical..I find it all kind of refreshing, in a time where sarcasm and meta are the ruling attitudes.
Pacific Rim is an awesome good time that will leave you cheering. It's one of the few perfect summer films in existence. See it on the big screen. Yes, even pay the extra for 3D. Bask in its fun and glory.
Pacific Rim proves that when the pilot of the film is a smart, switched-on filmmaker, even a loopy blockbuster about robots fighting monsters can have heart, brains and charm.
Countless times audiences have seen mass destruction Hollywood style, but rarely do the characters match the strength of the special effects and Pacific Rim features the year's best.
Dude wanted to make a "Godzilla" movie. Married to a "Tranformers" picture. With a little "Starship Troopers" and "Independence Day" and "Hellboy" mixed in.
How many of these recent blockbusters have made you feel 12 years old again? Not a whole lot, but thankfully, Guillermo Del Toro has nailed that feeling of pure wonder and amazement with Pacific Rim.
PACIFIC RIM speaks the disaster language of the original Godzilla, yearns to be in the same league as Star Wars; but unfortunately its style over substance ethos delivers Transformers results.
The extinction of mankind has loomed again and again over Hollywood blockbusters the past couple of years, though never anywhere near as entertainingly as in "Pacific Rim.''
If Del Toro is pitching for an audience of 12-year-old boys (and we do mean boys: this is old-school macho), he's done a bang-up job.
What isn't to like about Pacific Rim? This bludgeoning 3D creature feature is a slick bit of movie mayhem.
Guillermo del Toro's epic homage to classic-era monster movies is a triumph of consumate design and old school romanticism.
Guillermo Del Toro's "Pacific Rim" is as clear and celebratory an expression of what film at its most creative, earnest, and exuberant can achieve as any in recent memory, and one of the very best films of 2013.
Though everything we see is pure, pleasurable comic-book absurdity, Del Toro somehow lends a plausible humanity to the proceedings, one lacking in most of this summer's city-destroying blockbusters.
I'd strongly argue that Pacific Rim is one of the more memorable, distinctive action releases in recent years.
Bankrolled to the tune of $180 million ... del Toro finally gets to crack open his biggest toy box yet. I'm ecstatic for him. I'm only mildly happy for myself, as a viewer.
Go for broke, we may have only one shot at this filmmaking, stuffed with scenes and characters and concepts that deserve to be in a movie but rarely if ever get the chance.
A mesmerizing, if mindless, apocalyptic adventure that doesn't ask anything more of an audience than to enjoy the action and root heartily for the heroes while consuming a copious amount of popcorn.
Michael Bay eat your heart out. Guillermo del Toro has made one bigger, louder, faster and more destructive than you. Pacific Rim is Transformers on steroids, Godzilla to the power of 10, The Avengers turbo-charged and bigger-suited than Iron Man
With eye-popping visuals that resemble a digital lightshow, Guillermo del Toro's film about an alien invasion combated by man-operated giant robots is extravagant in scale and loudly strident
Pacific Rim is just the kind of big-ticket sci-fi adventure you'd want del Toro to make -- provided you'd want him to make one at all.
Monsters. Robots. Two iconic adolescent elements beating the living **** out of one another. The rest is set dressing, for, at its core, we've got Kaiju vs. Jaeger, beasts versus mechanical brawn.
A stonking summer blockbuster that delivers on an epic scale.
'Pacific Rim' is outrageously badass
A movie about that is thrillingly, upliftingly about the best of humanity. And it also has giant mechs punching the s**t out of giant monsters. This is what blockbuster movies should be.
A better-and-smarter-than-average humans-vs.-monsters spectacular.
'Pacific Rim,' beyond its flaws, is truly a gorgeous, stunning and magnificent summer spectacle.
Glorified Power Rangers specials don't need to unfold over 131 endless minutes.
A huge, CGI-heavy popcorner that still feels personal. Come for the epic monster-on-mecha showdowns, stay for the likeable humans.
Del Toro is giving scope to a boyhood lust for mayhem, the multi-million-dollar equivalent of kicking over sandcastles and torturing insects. There is something infectiously juvenile in that. Catch his Drift and you'll have a brawl.
A dopey, earnest and occasionally visionary sci-fi action film that keeps being dragged down by its drab characters and indifferent performances.
Pacific Rim's wafer-thin psychodrama and plot-generator dialogue provides little for the human component to get their teeth into.
You can practically hear Guillermo Del Toro sitting just out of camera range and cackling at this big, beautiful, weird-as-hell thrill ride.
"The deeper the bond, the better you fight," explains ace pilot Raleigh Becket. That's a mantra more blockbusters would do well to bear in mind.
Guillermo del Toro doesn't rise above the obligations of staging a film of this sort as a multi-level video game, a stylish but programmatic ride toward an inevitable final boss battle.
a wholesome tale of courage, sacrifice and heart that feels as old-fashioned, well-worn and outmoded as the Gipsy Danger itself.
A visually striking film but hollowed-hearted.
Unexpectedly hollow and corny as Hell, but set your brain to cruise control and it also delivers (eventually) on its promises of crowd-pleasing, rock 'em, sock 'em action.
Huge scale entertainment with guts and a heart - even if the brain is sometimes lacking during the more human moments.
They don't let 14 year-old boys direct multi-million dollar feature films, but somehow Guillermo Del Toro has channeled the interests, attitudes and fears from that mindset with a clarity that far surpasses contemporaries like Michael Bay.
Whenever the jaegers and the kaiju throw down in Pacific Rim, it's at night in the pouring rain - unless they're both at the bottom of the ocean. What's the point, exactly, of cutting-edge CG monsters filmed in a way where we can barely see them?
There's not much more to "Pacific Rim" than its principle reference points, which Del Toro clashes together with a chaotic fervor on par with the battles at the movie's center.
del Toro introduces a robots-versus-monsters scenario that includes the same sort of nerdy details and sci-fi jargon as its overcomplicated brethren, but under del Toro it all makes sense - and even better, he makes us care about it.
The squarest, clunkiest and certainly loudest movie of director Guillermo del Toro's career, a crushed-metal orgy that plays like an extended 3D episode of "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers" on very expensive acid.
Pacific Rim will go down as the year's ballsiest blockbuster - a movie for whom 'Go big or go extinct' isn't just a tagline, but a reason to be.
Guillermo del Toro blows the likes of Battleship and Transformers out of the water with action sequences that are breathtaking in scope and ferocious in intensity.

@highlight

It may sport more style than substance, but Pacific Rim is a solid modern creature feature bolstered by fantastical imagery and an irresistible sense of fun.