Michael Shannon plays a drug dealer selling three different kinds of weed for the occasion, built around the concept of past, present, and future; buy your ticket now
The Night Before is destined to become annual holiday viewing for a lot of people-including me-and is also one of the funniest movies of the year.
This Night isn't very silent, thanks to a cache of drugs, a gaggle of celebrity cameos and infighting among the fellas, but the good-natured buzz is definitely mellow.
Whatever, it was light, at times stupid, but entertaining and I was never bored.
Watching "The Night Before" is like babysitting three little hellions and realizing halfway through the night that you will never be paid what your struggle is worth.
A raunchy but unfunny juvenile Christmas buddy comedy flick for the stoner crowd.
It's about as good as "A Very Harold & Kumar Christmas," which is to say not very, leaning all too heavily on drug use for comedy.
Although sprinkled with some good scenes, The Night Before falls short of bridging the gap between adult humor and family Christmas comedies.
The movie's trump card is the undeniable chemistry between all three leads, with Rogen in particular milking his hung-dog comic delivery for all it's worth.
Watching these nitwits work out their issues and fumble their way through their evening is good fun, even when it gets gross.
The Night Before doesn't touch the director's best, but it's fun, and it's a little silly, and with all of its references to other holiday films, could become a must see for the season.
The people who made the trailers for 'The Night Before' seem to have a better idea of what it should be than the people who made the movie.
Crass, mawkish and annoyingly smug.
In the midst of an otherwise by-the-book, boys-will-be-boys tale, it's one hell of Christmas cracker surprise.
The Night Before might well have called Christmas Carol on drugs. [Full Review in Spanish]
There's small pockets of convincing dialogue between the friends, but this clashes with random, chaotic set pieces.
Such a ragged, staggering, let-it-all-hang-out bro-comedy that the women feel parachuted in. Strains to be a Christmas movie for '80s babies now all grown up but umbilically attached to their smartphones.
There's a glimmer of genuine sweetness beneath the tomfoolery in The Night Before, which occasionally casts a warm glow over characters as they learn valuable lessons about the power of friendship to overcome every obstacle.
A hilarious Christmas comedy that deftly mixes drug-fueled humor with holiday sentimentality.
This blending of the stoner bromance with the Christmas comedy works surprisingly well, layering gross-out humour with holiday sentimentality.
Michael Shannon's name isn't on the movie poster, but "The Night Before" wouldn't be as memorable or funny without him.
Unfortunately, the moments designed as comic relief become the main focus of the film, giving us cheap laughs that stray away from the main plot. [Full review in Spanish]
A film about how time changes friendships with hilarious jokes and humor to along with it. [Full review in Spanish]
In The Night Before, which Levine directed and co-wrote, sweetness and crudity mingle from the outset.
It's bogged down by too many derailing tangents, but the three appealing leads have a wonderful chemistry, and it gets close to the spirit of the season.
It's A Wonderful Life meets Pineapple Express in this stoner Christmas comedy.
There isn't enough story to sustain the running time and it lacks howlingly funny set-pieces.
Top marks to Jillian Bell and Michael Shannon for briefly raising the overall tone; brickbats to James Franco for bringing it right back down again.
Loaded with party drugs and with Rogen putting in yet another of his rote man-child performances - really, Seth, enough already - it's a pleasant enough time-killer though all the improvised scenes with over-lapping dialogue are a little hard to make out
I'd go so far as to say that The Night Before might turn into one of those yuletide favorites the whole family will go on to enjoy.
Like your old Christmas jumper, Rogen is feeling a little worn.
As with the appalling Pyongyang-set The Interview of last year, The Night Before relies on swearing, stereotypes, causing offence and adolescent sexual jokes for its laughs.
It's an entertaining romp and one of the funniest Christmas comedies we've seen for years.
Littered with moments that will have you chuckling like Santa after one glass too many of mulled wine.
This doesn't depart too far from the familiar template of boy-men obliged to morph from dyed-in-the-wool party animals to responsible adults but it does it well enough.
The Night Before stops short of being a holiday classic, but like its three charismatic stars you'll enjoy the ride while it lasts.
Intermittently funny.
The Night Before pretends to be an anti-Christmas Christmas film but, for all the bad behaviour of its three male leads, ends up just as gloopy and manipulative as any of the other seasonal movies released this year.
Although there's nothing new in "The Night Before," and other similar seasonal naughty comedies have been funnier, it has a genuine heart.
It's a conceited semi-stoner adventure set on Christmas Eve, with mawkish top notes of male self-pity.
The least interesting offering from co-writer/director Jonathan Levine, this is sheer nonsense but, well, it is just a Christmas movie, and really only intended to be a bunch of heart-warming comedic fluff as we approach the holidays.
It doesn't all land, but The Night Before is largely a salty, sweet jingle ball.
The script was semi-improvised, which often shows in the film's loose, mildly chaotic tone, but it also allows the three charismatic stars to riff easily together.
Ho-ho-hell no.
All The Night Before requires of [Rogen, Gordon-Levitt & Mackie] is good chemistry, and that's precisely what they conjure.
In one or two more similar movies' time, Rogen will be too old to get you to puff on this stuff anymore. So roll up and inhale while you still can.
With multiple jokes that feel like complete justifications for the film in themselves, The Night Before could well become the vulgar Christmas classic the world deserves.
With its zany cocktail of friends, unruly Christmas cheer and illicit drugs, The Night Before relies on its absurdity to make it zing. It nearly gets there ...
Funny, cynical, and warm in all the right ways, this could finally be the Christmas movie for people who hate Christmas movies.
While never a classic in the manner of the Christmas movies it references, The Night Before cheerfully rehashes Superbad's freewheeling bonhomie to provide both crude silliness and predictable bromance in holiday-season-sized portions.
I liked the movie's conception of an inclusive holiday season in which Tracy Morgan can be Santa, in which a mushroom-tripping man can chant in Hebrew during midnight mass and be instantly forgiven... What I didn't like was almost everything else.
Sloppy, debauchery-drenched, arrested adolescent, coming-to-adulthood holiday caper...
'The Night Before' is a joyous Christmas bauble ... and it's only for grownups.
This raunchy comedy certainly has a subversive spirit, but it isn't as giving when it tries to turn the festivities from naughty to nice.
...this F-bomb and expletive filled thing...defies categorization. It's not a comedy because it's not funny. It's not a romance because it's not romantic...it's not a Christmas movie because it can't possibly be seen by children.
It's a lot of half-baked conceits that don't really fit together, but I'd be lying if I said I didn't laugh.
The Night Before earnestly blends the holiday film with the buddy comedy. The result is a Christmas film that focuses on a created family of friends rather than the literal family, and in doing so, makes a surprisingly sincere and funny combination.
The Night Before is a Christmas movie with heart. A wildly profane, drug-addled, hedonistic Christmas movie with a heart.
The Night Before is comfortable existing in the grey area of holiday fare between the crude and the overly sappy.
Seth Rogen bursts with inventive exuberance in this schematic but genial holiday comedy about millennials settling down.
You won't remember much about it the next day, but while it's there, it's like Santa has left you the best present ever -- laughter.
A drug-fueled romp through New York City that manages to be both extremely R-rated and touchingly sweet.
Seth Rogen climbs to gonzo comedy heights in this Christmas Eve buddy-picture
A mishmash that almost never earns a laugh or even a smile, but isn't particularly touching or insightful either.
The Night Before is the sort of BFF (Bro Friends Forever) flick that now invades our multiplexes with clockwork regularity ... What provides the picture with most of its unexpected spark is the deft turn by Michael Shannon as a rambling pot dealer.
The Night Before manages to be both an irreverent and sincere Christmas movie, sure to be a holiday favorite (albeit a zany one) for years to come.
A lazy and not very funny stoner comedy.
It all comes together to make The Night Before a fun hybrid of a raunchy buddy comedy and a sweet holiday movie. This is a hard combination to blend but Levine pulls it off by keeping a nice balance between the naughty and nice.
The episodic humor is sometimes funny, yet rarely builds on how much these guys are supposed to mean to one another. Being an arrested adolescent winds up looking so much more appealing than being an adult.
For a film that is supposed to be about the holiday spirit, "The Night Before" is rife with selfish and self-centered behavior by its major protagonists who, at times, seem to be friends simply because the script says so.
A smartly built, chemically-enhanced Christmas story about growing up that you can't watch with the grown-ups - at least, not the ones who will get bothered by dick pics.
Seth Rogen, Anthony Mackie and Joseph Gordon-Levitt rip a page from Charles Dickens and Timothy Leary in a well-intended holiday comedy that would have been Scrooged if not for Michael Shannon's performance as angelic weed dealer
The Night Before is naughty but nice, spreading holiday cheer delivered through a cloud of weed smoke by a cast with real chemistry.
Though at times irreverent and most definitely vulgar, "The Night Before," in its own way, is brimming with Christmas spirit.
I laughed hard and often and even admired the honest, melancholy undertones running throughout. (Full Content Review - Sex, Violence, Profanity, etc. - for Parents also available)
An anti-Christmas comedy that nevertheless collapses in a puddle of seasonal goo.
Seth Rogen, the Pied Piper of pot movies, delivers just enough laughs for sober audiences to enjoy The Night Before.
A finely tuned comedy machine, a film that not only works as a standalone contemporary project, but one that will come to be viewed in five, 10, 15 years as a snapshot of industry players at their prime, and a handy guide to before-they-were-famous icons.
When we were first introduced to Rogen in "Knocked Up," there was some novelty to a story about a dopey slacker who learns some family values. But "The Night Before" is just dutifully following a template.
Seth Rogen is balls-to-the-wall out-of-his-head here...but the movie's MVP is Michael Shannon, who as the lads' high school weed supplier Mr. Green is the intimidating, melancholy, compassionate conduit of ghosts present, future and past.
"Night Before" bumps along in hit-or-miss fashion before finally locating the last refuge of the gag-starved comedy: celebrity cameos.
It's rare to see a comedy go so spectacularly off the rails after such a promising start.
I suspect this will be a film that people return to in future holidays, taking its rightful place on the list of films that become part of the annual tradition.
A raucous and refreshing new take on the Christmas movie.
Many mind-altering substances. Many bodily fluids and functions. Many bad choices. No ability to allow women to be funny. Haven't we been here before?
An often hilarious, almost always funny R-rated comedy for the holidays.
The Night Before is loose and wild enough that it's easy to forget the backstory and just revel in ridiculousness.
Various people you know from television show up to give "The Night Before" a sketch-comedy, holiday-special vibe. The writing, by a whole lot of guys, is uneven, and the direction, by Jonathan Levine, is adequate.
So what if this ramshackle farce doesn't always hit its marks. It's got the spirit. Go with it.
There are definitely more misses and incomplete ideas that could have been hits than there are hits here.
"Bound to become an annual holiday tradition in a ton of households.
The Night Before is a raucous comedy with a sweet soul that's tremendously uneven... But there's a mournful poignance to its depiction of long-term friendship that comes from how its tensions about maturity have been internalized.
The Night Before is must-see this Holiday season and don't be surprised when it becomes your annual tradition to watch it for a few good laughs.
Rogen, Gordon-Levitt and Mackie don't declare war on Christmas; it's more like triangulated fire from Super Soakers, basically harmless and soon annoying.
The Night Before is a mixed Santa's bag of gags with only a few truly laugh-out-loud moments. But the project has enough of a good-natured, yuletide spirit about it that it's hard not to be charmed.
The new movie is profane, insane, politically incorrect, religiously irreverent and ridiculously funny.
It's one of those comedies in which the big jokes bomb but the small, apparently improvised character moments generate a few chuckles.
The Night Before proves the stoner comedy and the holiday movie to be a surprisingly wonderful combination.
Motoring affably along from one comic set-piece to the next - and a few are very, very funny - The Night Before never falls apart, but it never really comes together, either.
Seth Rogen may have grown up a lot since Knocked Up, but The Night Before still fits precisely into that wheelhouse of raunch comedy with heart. Thank goodness he hasn't grown up too much to make movies like this one.
The Night Before strives to remind us what matters most isn't how you spend the holidays but who you're with. Or, if you prefer, what you're on.
"The Night Before" is hardly a Christmas miracle, but it's good for a laugh or two. And that's not a bad way to get into the holiday spirit.
Levine, Rogen, and company manage to convey holiday sweetness and sadness without resorting to quasi-cynical posturing about what a pain the season is. Not many of the movie's jokes linger after the credits roll, but its inclusive warmth does.
The Night Before is at best a fleetingly funny comedy that ranks as Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg's weakest collaboration to date.
It's the fun equivalent of a light day at work: You're glad to relax a little until you realize you're kinda bored and ready to go home before it's over.
It's sort of astonishing that Rogen - undervalued, always, because he makes various forms and modes of comedy look so easy - can still wring laughs out of a character stoned/coked/'shroomed out of his gourd ...
Beyond all the pop culture references, dumb behavior and the easily distracted "A Christmas Carol" plotline, the movie doesn't offer much to get audiences invested. You will only notice this deficiency when you're not laughing.
Self-indulgent? Definitely. Funny? Occasionally. Worst Christmas movie ever? Possibly.
Isn't quite the guns blazing comedy it could've been, but there are more hit than misses as Rogen and Goldberg return to their happy place of cursing, bodily fluids, and celebrity cameos.
Sure, things get warm and mushy at the finale as the guys do their growing-up-and-moving-on thing, but at least The Night Before is merry and bright enough to keep you from being sorry the morning after.
It feels like one of the longest 101-minute films ever made as it tries to wrap up every storyline. But it also manages to tap into the spirit of the season, essentially a hokey Christmas movie masquerading as a dudebro comedy.
That's Levine's strength: as in 50/50 and Warm Bodies, he grounds his outsized story in recognizable relationships between complex, flawed characters.
Hammy and crude and more baked than a fruitcake, but with a sweetly squishy holiday heart at its center.
"The Night Before" wants to make you laugh and cry, but it doesn't give us enough opportunities to do enough of either.
I was searching for a metaphor to capture the experience of watching "The Night Before" when a character fell backward into a dumpster full of garbage bags. Thanks, guys!
But one of the unquestioned highlights is when the boys come upon that giant piano Tom Hanks played in Big. This leads to a great musical sequence among the three and is representative of the goofy anything-goes nature of the whole movie.
It's almost embarrassing that it took four screenwriters to create these feeble frat-boy jokes.
[This] generally cheerful, silly, and recklessly gross movie also feels paradoxically sobering.
It's not a good movie, but what do we really expect from a Seth Rogen vehicle at this time of year?
It aims to foster a spirit of giddy anarchy in order to tie a ribbon around its shambolic script and rickety pacing.
With a scattered script but an appealing cast, it's more enjoyable than, say, your Nana's fruitcake -- though it's not the dose of memorable holiday cheer it could have been.
"The Night Before" is a well-intentioned comedy with some big laughs and some big misfires, but it ultimately works because Rogen and his well-cast buddies ground it in a way that makes them likable.
Go see it impaired or straight and you'll feel like you went on a trip. It's likely to be a good one - though not for everyone.
Every once in a while, a studio comedy comes along that makes studio comedy feel easy - the jokes broad and the sentiments sweet without feeling screen tested to death.
While The Night Before sometimes strains to be bad -- some of the lesser gags deploy dick picks and the ever-grinning James Franco -- the movie scores when it savors its fully-baked camaraderie
This holiday season, give yourself the gift of time, and money, by skipping The Night Before.
Whether or not the sadsack guy will get the girl doesn't stand a chance against a scene where Seth Rogen vomits in a packed church while wearing a Star of David sweater.
"This is a picture that has possibilities, but it lacks follow-through before finally giving in to its own worst impulses."
The story's perfunctory, and there's little feeling in it.
The Night Before is a millennial coming-of-age story cloaked in a cloud of smoke. It's a druggie comedy, to be sure, but a sweetness about vulnerability, honesty, friends and family cuts through the haze.
The Night Before works on many levels, both as a funny, drug-filled comedy and as a more emotional and relatable personal story.
Hits you-- and the holiday movie tradition -- "like a wrecking ball."
Bound to be a perennial favorite among X-Mas stoners. Possibly the best Christmas comedy since Elf.
The Night Before's blend of wacked-out whimsyand warm-hearted yuletide cheer is more than enough to smooth over any narrative bumps in its R-rated sleigh ride through the pleasantly familiar lessons of Christmas movies past.
A nicely raucous, occasionally rude, but genuinely warmhearted holiday comedy about buddies (and buds), seasonal traditions (and sexting catastrophes), and love.
It's hard to deny the breezy familiarity that comes with these just-barely-good-enough midsized movies that Rogen (who co-produced this with longtime partner Evan Goldberg) cranks out with regularity.
Always energetic like the wild whoop of a bachelor party, the lights burn brightest when 'The Night Before' indulges in big goofs and kooky tangents.
A who's-who of likeable actors tries to produce an anarchic spark, but the latest from director Jonathan Levine ("50/50," "Warm Bodies") proves to be neither poignant nor hilarious enough.
A character-driven comedy that's as dramatically satisfying as it is hilariously funny, all while fully capturing the spirit of the season
Simultaneously vulgar, heady and heartfelt ...
A scattered but often hilarious stocking-stuffer.
Derives the most laughs possible out of what is the simplest of holiday comedy concepts.
Three immature men seek the Holy Grail, which to them is attending an awesome party, but the film itself may achieve its own Holy Grail: to win this year's Golden Raspberry (Razzie) award.

@highlight

The Night Before provokes enough belly laughs to qualify as a worthwhile addition to the list of Christmas comedies worth revisiting, even if it isn't quite as consistent as the classics.