For the creators of "Super Troopers" and "Beerfest," two comedies with devoted followings, "The Babymakers" is a pretty serious setback.
Wants to appeal to the fan base of Broken Lizard desperately, but also wants to service the audience that loves movies from Garry Marshall or Rob Reiner...
The screenwriters started with a great premise and then ran out of ideas, abandoning the more risky, inventive procreation comedy for corny slapstick
What starts as an insightful, bracingly straight-spoken comedy about infertility falls apart in the final act when it diverts into a wacky, under-developed adventure
A romcom that fumbles for heart in the gutter, and finds only glib gags.
Some funny moments but not many, despite decent playing from Mann and Schneider.
It actually gets more stupid the more you think about it.
The plot is content to stay at surface level, never truly working for big laughs when easy ones can be grasped instead.
Made me laugh, made me care and didn't insult my intelligence. It's almost as fun as making a baby yourself.
A film of limited effort, slowly sealing off its potential the longer it lingers on lackluster comedy in a manner that's become habitual to Chandrasekhar and his cronies.
In short, the movie's not funny enough or serious-minded enough to warrant 95 minutes of your time.
Preposterous, inane and silly, but outrageously funny.
The sole function served by this motion picture is to illustrate how not to frame jokes in movies.
The only moments where The Babymakers provides any kind of comic lift come when talented improvisers like Faxon, Heffernan, Chandrasekhar and Aisha Tyler clearly go off-book and noodle their way into something that's actually amusing.
'The Babymakers' is so uninspired it's depressing.
Crude, mostly unimaginative comedy is meant for adults.
"The Babymakers" is amazing in its complete lack of comedy, nearly satirical in its rejection of levity and full-on embrace of mediocrity.
Mostly The Babymakers coasts lazily along on the likability of the cast and the occasional amusing moment.
When a movie resorts to scenes of a grown man rolling around on a floor slick with spilled semen samples, something plainly has gone wrong.
Every so often a movie comes along that's so lame, you can almost make out a "What the hell am I doing here?" thought bubble over an actor's head.
It nearly perfects the concept of an idiot plot.
The big disappointment of "The Babymakers" is that it doesn't come close to being worthy of its two stars, Paul Schneider and Olivia Munn.
Viewers may suspect the filmmakers have no clue about the actual operation of fertility clinics and sperm banks (the plot depends on some pretty dubious practices, particularly involving donor anonymity), but most will be laughing too hard to care.
You know Chandrasekhar is half-invested when even a montage of blows to the crotch (with each hit a potential cause of our hero's "lazy sperm") feels completely phoned in.
Yet another attempt to mix raunchy excess and romantic-comedy sweetness in an anything-goes raucous farce, The Babymakers offers a few big laughs between ho-hum stretches of frenetic vamping.
Ah, infertility comedies - always such a good time. You remember the way you yukked it up at "Maybe Baby" and "A Smile Like Yours," don't you? Oh, wait, you don't? Exactly.
"The Babymakers" has a stronger narrative arc than Broken Lizard's previous films, but that doesn't better serve the gross-out sight gags or the flat one-liners.
How does a comedy troupe even get from the frat-humor antics of "Beerfest" to the middle-class suburbanality of "Babymakers"?
The protagonist is sterile. Not to mention the filmmakers' imagination.
Some raunchy laughs here, but this is mostly a strained heist film marred by the director's decision to cast himself in a major, cringe-worthy role.
Delivered with sloppy, gleeful confidence, the movie is smarter than most gross-out comedies but isn't afraid to inspire an "Ewww."
Even those with the lowest enjoyment threshold for knuckle-dragging comedies will be hard-pressed to find joy in this impotent misfire from director Jay Chandrasekhar.
A movie to flee from with an agonized shriek.
Just how much does sperm amuse you?
It's raunchy/sweet in the American Pie/40-Year-Old Virgin tradition, and as dynamic as a glob of lazy sperm.
Although I am aware sperm is a precious bodily fluid, I don't find it an especially funny one, and when a character spills half of the deposits in a sperm bank and then slips around on the floor like a clown on ice, I'm not laughing.
Munn, sexy and spirited, plays Audrey as a woman without much patience for arrested-male shenanigans. You may end up feeling the same way.
...this is one of the most technically inept movies I've seen in quite some time...
Poorly conceived and executed, the film wastes the talents of Paul Schneider in a series of silly and embarrassing situations.
An increasingly incredulously plotted series of embarrassments about the wounded masculinity of a low sperm count.
Munn has proved on TV that she has solid timing, but she does little here other than look pretty and, when the plot calls for it, outraged.
Its 95 minutes feel like a trimester...
Things you do to yourself with one hand: That's a running theme in this movie and, really, the perfect metaphor for the film itself.
A safe, laugh-free exercise that gets to have its fun, such as it is, because it's all in the service of the most conservative notions of domestic normality.
Olivia Munn is fun to look and, but you'd never guess at how talented Paul Schneider really is from the looks of this comic travesty.
Broad humor has served Chandrasekhar and his clan in the past, but this is a project that should have been aborted on the cover page once he read as far as 'by Peter Gaulke and Gerry Swallow.'
Chandrasekhar's first tentative venture towards something slightly more sincere is undermined by his irresistible urge to take the piss out of every sequence that might have been played even remotely seriously




@highlight

The Babymakers mistakes raunch for humor and, despite a few sporadic laughs, wastes its otherwise capable cast on gross-out gags and misfired one-liners.