A feel-good film, both disconcerting and rewarding on all fronts.
As a woman under the influence of everyone but herself, Pippa often feels lost when she's on her own - a blank slate with no one holding a chalk - Robin Wright Penn allows us to get to know a character who still doesn't really know herself.
There's a deliberate quality to the storytelling that makes the movie drag in many scenes; and yet, numerous characters flit by that we don't have time to really meet.
... for once in a [Rebecca] Miller film, the chuckles are generally intentional ...
Penn is such an intelligent performer that it's easy for us to believe everyone else in the film sees a different side -- a different life -- of the enigmatic Pippa Lee -- and that there are still many other sides to this fascinating character...
The movie has the busy-aimless feeling of a cocktail party rather than a rigorously constructed drama. Interesting people drift through, anecdotes are shared, attention shifts here and there, and abruptly it's time to go.
A superb performance by Robin Wright Penn illuminates Rebecca Miller's intelligent and revealing look at the inner wild child beneath a 50-ish Connecticut matron.
Robin Wright Penn gives an award-caliber performance in the title role of a woman trying to find her place in the scheme of things after moving with her older husband to a retirement village in suburban Connecticut.
All the midnight bulimic binges, suicide attempts, sleepwalking, marital chicanery, and little pills don't mean a thing compared to the thrill of being a middle-aged woman sneaking through the bedroom window like a teenager in heat.
Just as The Twilight Saga: New Moon taps into to the sexual yearnings and psychic disturbances of pubescent girls, so does The Private Lives of Pippa Lee for the perimenopausal crowd.
The movie holds your interest with a series of loosely connected episodes, but leaves you in a frozen and distant state.
Provides a nice role for Robin Wright Penn, but it's a film in search of a tone.
Perhaps "The Private Lives of Pippa Lee" might have been a stronger film had it focused on a single private life instead of a cornucopia of them.
The results are honorable but not terribly interesting.
Penn is the best thing about the movie.
Awkward in ways both intended and not.
By turns antic, frantic, and dull, Pippa Lee is unconvincing -- emotionally, dramatically, filmically.
Miller has created a witty satire about society and relationships that is both funny and heartbreaking, delivered by a first-rate cast.
A heart felt effort but too slow to be called completely entertaining. Plenty of time to think in between crises.
If anything the film suffers, appropriately if unfortunately enough, from being too eager to please.
I think there's something going on here that does feel novelistic, but it feels to me a little like real life. I think Penn makes it worth seeing.
I was interested in the characters and situations, but I was not absorbed.
The only person left surprised as the credits roll and Lee rides off into the sunset with the man of her dreams is Lee herself. The rest of us could've left halfway through and told you that's exactly how the film would end.
Unfocused, emotionally hollow and just mildly engaging despite exquisite cinematography and radiant performances by Robin Wright Penn, Blake Lively and Maria Bello.
Miller never really fleshes out all of these colorful characters in her emotionally facile script, leaving the heavy lifting to the actors. Fortunately for The Private Lives of Pippa Lee, Wright is more than up to the challenge.
Pippa should be a career changer. Wright Penn's cards are finally on the table, and it looks like a full house.
Pippa's crisis of guilt -- about troubled lives she couldn't fix and parts of her personality she rashly abandoned -- is ultimately swamped by Miller's own sketchy grasp of what's funny or heartbreaking or illuminating about her characters.
Wright gives the title character a complexity and emotional shading often missing in this kind of ensemble comedy/drama.
[It announces] that a very good actress is back and ready to start a new and interesting life of her own.
Takes the woman's perspective to both mock and sympathize with the old-fashioned notion of The Great Man's Wife, but with a woefully underused ensemble.
Robin Wright Penn delivers the mature performance of her career as the title character in 'The Private Lives of Pippa Lee.'
Satisfying, mature drama examines a woman on the verge.
In this densely populated ensemble piece, Reeves stands out as the only actor whose damaged character evokes sympathy and avoids cliché.
This story of unpredictable second and third acts is a treat, a smart drama with flashes of comedy that keep you guessing...Wright's comic timing is adept.
Adult children and friends watch nervously as Pippa reclaims a measure of spunk; too bad it all feels like one of those pharmaceutical ads for longer, healthier lifestyles.
It may be low-key and shallow, but middle-aged angst has never looked lovelier.
The filmmaker is powerfully aided by Robin Wright Penn, who imbues Pippa with moving, quiet dignity.
Probes the midlife crisis of a caregiver who must decide what to do with her life when no one needs her anymore.
Wright is the miracle this picture needs, helping the material achieve an emotional tempo it wouldn't otherwise reach without her stellar contribution.
For a movie about the unpredictability of life, Pippa Lee plays it awfully safe.
It might be the most purely enjoyable female driven ensemble since Fried Green Tomatoes or A League of Their Own.
One of the happiest surprises of this woman on the verge delight is that Pippa Lee's private lives are not what you'd think they are.
"The Private Lives of Pippa Lee" doesn't know whether it's a drama, a comedy, or a random slice-of-life expose. Neither will you.
Pippa Lee is conceived as a portrait of a woman's long-delayed emotional blossoming, but its dopey, privileged-set fantasy winds up as obvious as crawling through Keanu's open window.
A road movie whose destinations are emotional pit stops... also the platform for an electric performance by Robin Wright Penn who dazzles in the title role
...a solid drama that's consistently elevated by the efforts of the various performers.
[An] intense and claustrophobic drama.
A weak central performance would have sunk this film, but Robin Wright Penn makes it work.
The Private Lives of Pippa Lee proves that The Ballad of Jack and Rose was no fluke and that Miller can produce work just as good as the best of recent American independent cinema.
Miller, who also scripted, takes a familiar premise but gives it life and originality, repeatedly thwarting expectations with quirky diversions and smart twists.
On a scene-by-scene basis, though, it's classily effective, mainly because of Wright Penn's skill in nailing the precise tenor of every moment.
It's disappointing that a film that starts out explicitly stating its intentions to unpick an enigma ends up continually re-presenting us with a beautiful cipher.
The lightly episodic script, the unfussy direction and the other heavyweight actors, Arkin especially, just about cover his tracks.
A hugely overegged pudding of a film. It's an indulgent, complacent family comedy-drama.
Miller's film is a triumph. Uniformly well acted, it boasts a psychologically knowing script, clearly written by a smart, assertive human being rather than a software programme. As for the luminous Wright Penn, awards season beckons.
It's impossible to capture the complex whole of a person in one movie (or novel), but Miller uses this limitation to her advantage, by making the mystery of Pippa Lee's true identity the heart of the film.
This is a flawed film, but the quirks and foibles are what keep it interesting.
A quirky look at women, family and Keanu's bod (still hot). Satisfyingly meatier than your standard chick flick.
Avoiding the normal chick-flick formula, this has a decent enough premise - damaged hippy chick trying to find herself through a myriad of personalities- but never gets into gear thanks to an underpowered script.
If it's an ultimately shallow journey, jagged humour and a few sharp tugs of emotion keep it rolling.
This is not a film about finding easy answers, just brief, often tearful moments of redemption. Miller has performed an impressive emotional balancing act, and one that's often surprisingly funny.
It's all very slender stuff and very hard to care about the characters, most of whom whine rather than speak their lines. All in all, it's a life that should have stayed private.
It deserves to be appreciated for what it is - a smart and quirky tale that is also oddly upbeat.
It would have been better if Pippa had kept her life private.
A brittle, sometimes funny study in fragmentation.
It's well-acted, sensitive, and a tad melodramatic in its lurch from one crisis to another, but you'd forgive it a lot more for Wright Penn's magnificent portrait of unaffected goodness.
Enjoyable, emotionally engaging drama with a strong script and terrific performances from Robin Wright Penn and a note-perfect ensemble cast.
As a more emotional take on the themes examined in American Beauty, this internalised drama is subtle and unpredictable.
A film that's a damn sight more enjoyable than it probably deserves to be.
This is the kind of film that exceeds expectations and one that could easily be pretentious and completely up itself. But it's not, and it's saved by a quirky charm and of course, the terrific cast.
With the drama swinging from moments of melancholic contemplation to outright hysteria, it's hard to tell if this is supposed to be funny, sad, poignant or glib.
An offbeat yet delightful drama.
A midlife crisis unfolds with all the hushed reverence of a visit to an art gallery in The Private Lives Of Pippa Lee, a wry, engaging ensemble piece that feels like a throwback to Seventies films such as A Woman Under The Influence.



@highlight

Reverential and offbeat, the road trip film Private lives of Pippa Lee takes emotional detours and is elevated by great performances, particularly that of Robin Wright-Penn.