The action scenes portray their mafia pursuers as comically twisted caricatures, cheapening the movie massively.
It's hard to say exactly what the aim was of the filmmaking team behind Siberia... Whatever it was, the film falls flat both as love story and as crime drama.
The story stagnates with the null drawing of characters, a cadence that is not ruled out but morose, and the gratuity of certain dialogues. [Full Review in Spanish]
The sadomasochistic notes are a strange contrast to the sad musings of our troubled heroes. [Full Review in Spanish]
Once again, Keanu takes risks. But this time it isn't worth it. [Full review in Spanish]
It almost gives the impression that a well-meaning team went out into the wilderness to make a movie about the titular Russian frontier town, and came back with approximately four-fifths of what they needed to cut together a workable film.
What can only be described as the Siberian version of the white saviour complex.
Constructed as half romance and half crime thriller, Siberia loses focus, and doesn't emerge as a great version of either.
...has no raison d'être that I can determine, just 104 minutes of nonsense.
A fatalistic romance framed by a pointedly obscure heist plot that struggles to gain momentum before finally sputtering out.
The plot swerves around just enough to make you think something more complex is going on. Ultimately, it really isn't...
Murky and drab...straining for a nourish sense of foreboding, the film only manages to be dankly tedious.
... more tedious than thrilling, despite an understated bilingual performance by Reeves that's better than the material.
[Siberia] is a dull and deeply compromised movie that would rather be a mediocre crime saga than a nuanced character study, but can't quite bring itself to commit to that choice.
It's called Siberia, and it takes place in Siberia, but you get no sense of what Siberia is like.
This movie seems like it's going to go some places, and it kind of doesn't. Ultimately disappointing.
Formless and meandering, Siberia is a film without much purpose or promise.
Sometimes you have to wonder if it's the director's actual inability to set up a mood, or if he just doesn't care.
It can never decide what kind of film it wants to be, drifting into drab formlessness when it needs to find moments of poetry, and reverting to dull clichés when it wants to indulge its thriller instincts...
Siberia is effectively well-paced, offers instances of tension, and doesn't cheat at the end.
Slow but intelligent, moody, and mature, this thriller isn't exactly thrilling, yet it's hypnotic in the way it zooms in on little messy, unexpected human behaviors.
[A] leaden thriller.
Oh, no.
A shapeless viewing event, with Ross fumbling mood and antagonisms as he tries to secure Smith's iffy vision for Russian entanglements.
Director Matthew Ross does the near-impossible in Siberia: He turns a Keanu Reeves vehicle about sex, diamonds and the Russian mob into a dreary, endless slog.
While "Siberia" has designs on combining thriller elements with a serious romantic drama about love, commitment and masculine codes of honor, it doesn't work out that way.
Siberia has its moments, especially in the performances of its leads Ana Ularu and Keanu Reeves, but the film is ultimately a confounding mess of genres and tones.
Siberia is as flat and featureless as its setting, a wasteland of potential and poor decisions that fails less for the plateaus it aims for than for the heights it doesn't.
The scenes between Reeves and Ularu are the film's best and, with its enigmatically appealing stars, Siberia might have worked better as an offbeat love story rather than a thriller.
The film has the tone and look of a direct-to-video feature, and some shots of Keanu Reeves are so waxen that the actor almost looks rotoscoped.
Tedium itself

@highlight

Icily inhospitable to compelling performances or a sensible narrative, Siberia offers audiences a harsh and seemingly interminable exile from entertainment.