Powerful docu on post-prison lives of falsely accused.
An advertorial rather than a solid piece of investigative journalism.
Documentary shines a scientific spotlight on the criminal justice system's dirty little secret via ten tragic cases of mistaken identity, each an unfortunate rush to judgment.
Both sorrowful and uplifting.
A rough but engrossing sketch of what freedom feels like, and what it costs, for seven men who've endured that national nightmare.
The scope of the problem, with likely thousands of innocent people incarcerated thanks mostly to errant eyewitness testimony, should give pause to anyone who thinks that life is as simple as black and white, innocent and guilty.
After Innocence is a crusading documentary driven by DNA testing that's brought freedom for men who served years in prison for crimes they didn't commit.
Eye-opening.
You'll probably like it and wish it were better.
Despite its flaws After Innocence raises staggering questions about virtually every aspect of the criminal-justice system.
This is no-frills filmmaking and may be a little talky, but it's also very well-made, powerful stuff, and it should be seen by anyone who has questions about the American justice system.
After Innocence is, without making it overly obvious, anti-death penalty on the grounds that a just society cannot afford to make any mistakes that we cannot attempt to rectify.
[The] stories of injustice and perseverence [will] stick in the memory after watching this uncluttered and compelling film.
...terrific agitprop journalism/analysis...
Sanders has an important message, unfortunately diluted by unimaginative shooting and insufficient editing.
Informative (we learn, for example, that exonerees are generally given no follow-up assistance upon release, as parolees are) and deeply moving.
Not a special pleader but is fairly special, because Sanders gives it the pressure of straight moral conviction.
The embittered men make fascinating subjects. Although innocent, they have been deeply scarred by their prison years.
Each lost face in the documentary is a burning reminder of the human toll when our justice system succumbs to its imperfections.
Sanders is more interested in specific human struggles than in larger political points, but she knows these men form a mosaic with a message that's unmistakable.
[Documaker] Jennifer Sanders builds a solid foundation in making the point that, sometimes, our system of justice does the wrong thing, no matter how well meaning.
Come Oscar night, After Innocence will almost certainly trump them all. It's not necessarily better than any of the others, but its call for social awareness rings out bolder and rises higher.
Deeply touching and overwhelmingly sad.
...the type of work that should inspire social reform
While the film is rich in fascinating, factual information, the most remarkable aspect of After Innocence is its unfailing humanity.
A strikingly varied collection of individual stories with a chilling common thread: the ease with which the criminal justice system can and does fail law-abiding, innocent Americans each and every day.
Even-handed but quietly devastating.
[A] rousing, quietly outraged documentary.
Sanders' report from a new frontier in American jurisprudence is filled with the hopeful, haunted look of men who won't easily be forgotten.
the grotty details of the political and legal muck miring the entire process are nowhere to be found
In her clear and compelling film, Sanders lets the innocents do the talking.
The moral purity of After Innocence is so overwhelming that it simply leaves you with nothing to say or do. It's kind of beyond criticism.
Taylor does her cause no real favors by trotting out only the most articulate, most clearly railroaded exonerees.
The film cuts away from such personal stories too quickly, eager to sell us on airy, unjustified claims.
A powerful indictment of a judicial system too anxious to close cases, and then close ranks when someone tries to reopen them.
The film avoids being just a promo piece for the Project by focusing on the former prisoners' poignant personal stories, which include rebuilding their lives, campaigns against the death penalty and getting compensation for law enforcement's mistakes.
Calm, deliberate and devastating, Jessica Sanders's documentary confirms many of the worst fears about weaknesses in the American criminal-justice system.
Both riveting and disturbing.
Evokes the quote, 'A liberal is a conservative that's been arrested.'
After Innocence doesn't inspire much confidence in the American legal system.
An extraordinary documentary about injustices rectified and innocent men set free after years in prison.
A compelling look at a flawed system.
An evenhanded but nonetheless startling depiction of a system that isn't merely blind -- it's deaf, dumb and stupid, as well.
A powerfully affecting documentary on the subject of wrongful convictions overturned by DNA evidence.
Sanders inspires joy in life's redemption and anger towards the ludicrous ways some states treat the exonerated.
Directed with compassion and outrage.
Do you love the death penality and hate lawyers? Then don't miss this movie.

@highlight

This understated yet emotionally devastating documentary lets the stories of its subjects speak for themselves.