A film with two opposite interpretations to its title -- figuratively sad, literally joyful.
A delightful oddball German comedy about a retired mine worker's musical quest.
Like the films of Jim Jarmusch and Aki Kaurismäki, Schultze Gets the Blues uses dry humor to extract laughs out of mundane situations.
Writer-director Michael Schorr's story moves with remarkable sloth.
It's a bit of a surprise when the film ends and you realize that you've been touched in unanticipated ways by Schultze's solitary quest.
...some predictable tearjerking that is only half-successful.
He does, but you probably won't, especially from watching this movie.
Krause, a natural physical comic, lights up with endearingly childish glee as he joyously samples his new life.
An uncommonly good-natured and simple film, bearing no malice, holding no agenda, desiring no undue attention.
When his friends send him off to America to his town's sister city of New Braunfels for Wurstfest, Schultze begins to spiral out of control.
Those who are patient enough to stick it out will be charmed.
The film's sparseness has an off-putting effect on the viewer. Schultze, the character, remains more an idea or concept than a fleshed-out human being.
Like a lazy summer day in the Big Easy, the movie sneaks up on you.
Though it sometimes seems nothing much is happening in Schultze Gets the Blues, watching it happen to the deadpan Schultze is surprisingly enjoyable.
The geriatric, Teutonic equivalent of a Jim Jarmusch film.
A delightful hodgepodge of bland and spicy fixin's and genuine pleasures and surprises that will definitely satisfy the cinematic palates of discriminating audiences.
In his debut film, German writer-director Michael Schorr has crafted a deadpan and droll, yet lyrical, whale-out-of-water tale about defying peer pressure and self-limitations.
Schultze's quiet determination in his musical quest gives the film an unexpected emotional punch.
There's a pleasant delight in the comically dour faces of these old Eastern bloc men, an appreciation of sleepy small-town life in a quaint village.
Schorr's award-winning film may be a bit on the slight side to some tastes, but it's a journey well worth taking.
A genuinely moving film.
He's not the only one.
Director Michael Schorr finds quiet, unforced hilarity in Schultze's awkward transition to nonconformity.
The first 30 minutes or so of Schultze Gets the Blues do a spectacular job of allowing you to empathize with just how bored the men are. Unfortunately, the movie accomplishes this by boring you itself.
This movie is not played out in Hollywood time. It has it's own rhythm - but it's worth it to slow down to the film's pace and just amble along.
A charming oddity...a gently rib-tickling, genuinely warm-hearted jewel.
Schultze Gets the Blues can get a little thin, but it never loses its sense of quiet, playful dignity.
The first-time feature director has a gift that will be interesting to watch. Still, his well-executed choices make Schultze at times slow going.
In his first feature film, Schorr also shows a surprising confidence in his ability to sustain this joke for nearly two hours, which, like a zydeco dance party, is over before you know it.
A genuinely endearing soul, Schultze earns our admiration not because he indulges himself in a senior citizen's lark but because his journey, like our hero himself, has depths we hadn't suspected.
The writer and director, Michael Schorr, is making his first film, but has the confidence and simplicity of someone who has been making films forever.
One of those movies where nothing whatsoever seems to happen until you look closely, at which point everything happens.
Schorr steers clear of emotion and character development, content to just putter down the river to nowhere.
Charm, culture, and dry humor make it worth a look
as difficult to swallow as a Louisiana clam
Winner of the special prize for directing at the 2003 Venice International Film Festival, Schorr has made an impressive debut.
Highly original, bittersweet comedy.
Michael Schorr's endearing little movie gets under your skin much like the music it celebrates, delivering a lilting paean to self-expression and second chances, even while it's tinged with distinctly minor-key grace notes.
Writer-director Michael Schorr has made a sweet movie that takes its time at first but soon takes you over.
A small, unassuming gem.
There is so little to him, really, that Schultze's journey from there to here is rather less meaningful than we're supposed to imagine.
Director Michael Shorr's setups are slow and static, with the action unfolding in long or medium shots. In several concert sequences, the dancers annoyingly look right at the camera.
Reminiscent of the films of Aki Kaurismaki and Jim Jarmusch, this wry, very slow German import by Michael Schorr has amusing moments but doesn't possess the droll absurdity needed to make it genuinely compelling.
A sweet and charming treat.
Important and thoughtful themes, which in other hands would likely have been weighty and overbearing, remain drolly deadpan in this accomplished debut film.
Defiantly slow-paced, Schultze gets the blues embraces a neglected subject: the wanderlust of the retiree.
Simply too tedious and stretched out to be amusing.
Schultze Gets the Blues rediscovers the world through the astonished eyes of a retired German salt miner on a musical pilgrimage to the United States.
A rough-cut wonder, a movie that evolves from Teutonic inertia into a deadpan polka, a bouquet of edelweiss tossed into the melting pot.
Filmed in a leisurely, understated style, this dark comedy is downright entrancing.
Schorr's delightfully deadpan comedy debut blew away the German box office, and once you let yourself sink into its gentle rhythms ... you'll see why.
Minimalist but not austere, brimming with compassion but devoid of schmaltz.
What hints at a wacky one-note polka -- staid, retired German miner and accordion hobbyist upends his life upon hearing zydeco -- ends up an intricate, becalmed take on a soul adrift.
Schultze may have the blues, but the film of his wanderings is a joyful experience.
Exquisitely cast and gorgeously photographed.
Like The Straight Story sans story, it's sweet but very, very, very slow.
Few films pay this close and considerate attention to the physical and emotional heartache of growing old.
A meandering story of a German everyman who has little to show for his life until he wins a trip to the American Bayou.
Now, what were you saying about those dreams you've never followed?
The story is slow-moving and simple, but Schultze gets the blues is worth it as a peculiar small-scale adventure.




@highlight

Schultze Gets the Blues is a sweet and charming dark comedy.