The true joy of this indie stems from the well observed friendship between Gypsy and her Goth plaything, Clive. The chemistry between the two young actors is near-wondrous.
By the end, you'll wish to never see another flowing scarf or hear another Fleetwood Mac song ever again.
Plenty of melodrama but precious little truthfulness...a very provincial item that probably shouldn't have ventured across the state line.
This is not a great movie, but it has some nice moments. It shows Goth kids need love too.
The film's two main characters are definitely worth knowing, but the movie takes them on a predictable odyssey.
A road movie where the audience is a little skittish about going there.
A mostly undistinguished addition to the long list of films about alienated and self-pitying young people.
[C]aptivating and pointed and... will hit disquietingly close to home to many who avow to being comfortable in their nonconformity...
The film's main appeal stems from the two main characters, whose close relationship is well-conveyed and moving.
It is clear that as a filmmaker Todd Stephens, like his heroes and heroines, is determined to be true to himself.
Despite a thin script, Gypsy boasts moments of charm, mostly due to its appealing leads.
Non-core audience viewers will be reminded why we didn't hang out with people like this in high school.
Eventually turns into pathos-clogged sludge, but before that, features a string of shrewdly observed encounters.
Saga is especially sapped of its appeal and energy by the toxically charmless titular character whose central obsession -- dressing up like Stevie Nicks and singing her material -- is curiously wedged between comedy and oddity.
Deserves to be discovered not only by Goth and gay crowds, but by anyone who runs screaming from all things average.
[A] touching tale.
The narrative momentum may sputter, but the vivid performances keep the film from dragging.
A tiny, vulnerable, rather treacly film at heart, one that would probably float away were it not for Ms. Rue's generous presence.
It's easy to pick apart Stephens' thin script and clumsy direction. But whether you were a high school outcast or the prom queen, you're bound to root for his misfits as they find their place in the world.
A depressingly predictable journey of self-discovery.
Where Edge of Seventeen related how difficult it is to be a gay teenager in Middle America, Gypsy 83 wants us to know how painful it is to be a teenage freak in Middle America. Either way you slice it, it's still old news.
A surprisingly pragmatic take on the joys and perils of diva worship.
The story lurches like the characters' beat-up T-bird.
Engaging and entertaining ... then ultimately thoughtful and haunting.
Starts off strongly but becomes a bit overly morose.


@highlight

This coming-of-age story of alienated youth is too familiar.