Yet while I wish I could say that Parnassus' Imaginarium would be the twist where Gilliam's whimsy goes mainstream, this film will most likely remain a visual wonderland for Gilliam enthusiasts.
Terry Gilliam... dives back into his diabolical imagination for this carny sideshow of a Faust tale in the blurry boundary between the material world and the dream world.
The film is flawed, but you don't expect narrative drive or coherence; you go for the director's flights of fantasy. Possessed of an imagination that throws off more sparks than a fizzing, spinning Catherine Wheel, Gilliam is a fabulous fabulist.
One of the greatest motion pictures ever. From its astounding themes to its brilliant cast, stunning design to enchanting score, undeniable smarts to lasting significance, this is Cinéma! Buy this movie. View this movie. Marry this movie. I have spoken.
The Imaginarium of Dr. Parnassus is one of those movies that, despite spectacular elements, doesn't add up to a spectacular film.
A return to form for director Terry Gilliam?
I don't think it's such a big heresy to say that Terry Gilliam is both a genius and an annoyingly full-of-it director who's coasting on the goodwill he earned with Brazil.
It's like snorting a line of pure Gilliam.
a confusing mess. ... a promising set-up assembled with bits and pieces of Gilliam's brilliance, but he clearly did not wake up in the middle of the night with a brilliant vision
The fantastical, messy, noisy, everything-but-the-kitchen-sink result might be a tad crazy-making for some, but fans of Brazil, Time Bandits, and The Adventures of Baron Munchausen can step right up.
Overplotted and the film ends up as a head-scratcher -- we're supposed to sympathize with Parnassus, but the case just isn't strongly made.
Longo e com uma estrutura frouxa resultante das várias alterações, ainda peca pela resolução artificial que poderia perfeitamente ser descrita como um decepcionante diabo ex machina. Ledger merecia uma despedida melhor.
...Ledger's death casts a blue shadow over the entire proceedings, as Gilliam hasn't the heart to turn this parade of images into something like a meditation on the cost of achieving one's wildest fantasies.
A trippy, uneven ride whose best assets are its imagination, Heath Ledger's final performance, and the three surprise stars who act as his replacements.
Terry Gilliam can't catch a break.
Fate's cruel trick -- taking Heath Ledger from us midway through filming -- has inspired Gilliam to make one of his most inventive and strange films.
Walks a thin line between the convenient and the absurd.
The actual story is muddled, but the imagination of the visual imagery is very good.
although there are resplendent moments, they are mired in the kind of general narrative mishmash that makes you wish Gilliam would get outside his own head a little more and try harder to get inside of ours
Heath Ledger is fine in his last performance, but the great Gilliam is still in a bit of a slump.
Gilliam has had a rough 10 years, but he's ended the decade with what is easily one of his seminal works. He has shown what imagination and storytelling means to him, and he's made one of his best films in the process.
More for Terry Gilliam completists and Heath Ledger's more devoted fans than a general audience.
Terry Gilliam, the veteran film director who cut his teeth as the animation wizard of television's legendary Monty Python's Flying Circus, has flirted with genius throughout his career, and bedded her from time to time. In The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnas
Endearingly packed to the rafters with ornate anachronistic artistry, Gilliam's Imaginarium is a great place to window shop--and get lost for a spell.
A visual and narrative whirlwind that's too scattershot to engage and is a disappointing finale to Ledger's career.
The story is odd and doesn't really hang together very well, but the film is worth watching mainly to experience the wonder of Mr. Gilliam's fantastic visual imagination.
Ideally, Ledger's Joker from The Dark Knight would have been his last performance. Once again Gilliam has made a movie probably only he can truly understand or find very interesting.
Overburdened with ideas, visions, and concepts, and rather than teasing any of them out, the director insists on them with great force and urgency that is rather more off-putting than entrancing.
...while the film is not entirely successful, it certainly qualifies as a glorious mess of a failure.
I have no idea what it was about, but it was fascinating and wonderful.
There's a fine line that separates fantastical from nonsensical. Too often, Gilliam's film comes down on the wrong side.
As one of the last great proprietors of motion picture prestidigitation, Gilliam is his own protagonist. As you follow the fall of Parnassus, you see the story of the director's rise, rejection, and reinvention of himself.
another sad miss in Terry Gilliam's shooting gallery
One wishes the end result was a better tribute to a remarkable talent taken before his time.
Imaginarium might have worked as a short film, but at two hours it becomes a soul-sucking void.
If Ledger had completed the entire film or not, Doctor Parnassus doesn't seem well-focused enough to be a truly landmark Gilliam work but it's much closer than anything else he's done this millennium.
Parnassus is fun to watch a good deal of the time, and Gilliam is almost always visually surprising, but Ledger could have used a more momentous send-off.
It teases with magnificently tantalizing moments that don't quite add up to one grand insight. Which, come to think of it, is an epiphany of its own peculiar sort.
When it's all done we're left with another recent Gilliam trademark: the highly imaginative mess.
'Parnassus' may be an unprecedented distillation of Gilliam's ideas about art and life, but as presented here, those ideas are less than compelling.
Those who find Gilliam visually stimulating should be willing to ride along.
A new Gilliam film is always a good reason to go to the movies, and Ledger's final screen appearance is certainly more than a curiosity.
Seriously, if you could make money designing other people's acid trips, Gilliam would be a zillionaire.
Mr. Gilliam hasn't made a masterpiece here, but it's a fascinating tale with luscious visuals
Shot through with a bold, extravagant generosity of spirit, this journey behind the literal and figurative looking glass marks a gratifying return to form for Gilliam, whose recent films haven't quite lived up to his capacities.
The whole thing teems with the sort of imagery and clatter that Gilliam's fans adore. If you loved his older work -- and if you can stand the twinge of pain that beholding the lamented Ledger will surely evoke -- it's worth a visit.
Gilliam is a more disciplined storyteller here than he has often been, and the result is his most involving movie in years.
As for who other than Terry Gilliam might enjoy it, I'm at a loss.
More than perhaps any other film Gilliam has ever made, Imaginarium's fantasy elements feel as if they are cobbled together enmasse from the Monty Python animated sequences he used to create.
An invigorating paean to the revelatory powers of entertainment.
... this enigmatic through the looking glass odyssey suggests that surrendering oneself to imagination and creativity and storytelling... is dangerous business.
It plays like a salvage job, with all the attendant compromises. Though the film is laden with backstory and exposition, not much actually happens onscreen.
I'd love to report that The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus is a work of renegade genius. Alas, it's a minor film, memorable largely as the farewell of Heath Ledger, who died when his scenes were only half completed.
Parnassus is an eye-popping fairy tale, a timeless tale of good battling evil and Gilliam's first film in a long while that wholly captures his vaudevillian spirit.
...I found this film to be a fitting and lasting tribute to the man it is lovingly dedicated to.
[Its] strange narrative, grounded in a fantasy world that Gilliam renders via computer-generated effects, makes Parnassus a primarily visual spectacle.
The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus is vintage Terry Gilliam, a pour not to all tastes but one certain to please lovers of Time Bandits and The Adventures of Baron Munchausen.
Gilliam is more sure-footed and confident in his storytelling than he's been in years.
Your mileage may vary, especially if you feel that the gifted celebrity dead should be mourned with taste and decorum. In which case, why are you even at a Terry Gilliam movie?
Parnassus is a step up from Gilliam's two previous pictures (the ineffectual The Brothers Grimm and the torturous Tideland), but it still feels like a cobbled collection of ideas and conceits rather than a stand-alone story.
Terry Gilliam is a director who aspires to magic and, with The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus, he's pulled an unruly rabbit out of a seemingly discarded hat.
The behind-the-scenes tragedy gives Gilliam an easy excuse for the dull chaos that engulfs the story, but he might have generated it all on his own.
A film that was brought back from the worst of bad luck, "Dr. Parnassus" is a fascinating collection of things that might have been.
Gilliam gamboling freely through the public subconscious... just doesn't work, this time, on any level other than a meta one...
The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus is a patented Terry Gilliam special, a remedial children's bedtime tale for anxious grown-ups.
Just when Gilliam's art is on the point of imitating life and all life's incidental meaninglessness, it convulses into an image of stunning weirdness and clarity, and for a moment you can believe that movies really do hold the key to immortality.
I attended the Cannes screening of Doctor Parnassus to be baffled, which I was, and then the Chicago press screening, where I had an idea what was coming and tried to reopen my mind.
Somehow it all hangs together, thanks both to Gilliam's boundless imagination and to the appealing performances from the whole cast.
If you're game, Parnassus is a richly rewarding experience. If not, it comes off like pretentious nonsense.
The cinema's greatest fantasist serves up towering cliffs and blinding blizzards, Satan conjuring up clouds he can walk on, a road of rose petals winding into a desert -- an imagination that has no peer.
Artistically, Imaginarium exudes the influence of its creator, both in real world and fantasy.
...it seems that Gilliam may have been so eager to cram so much into his next big gamble that he smothers what was already working.
Another of those failed Gilliam fantasies in which anything goes but nothing matters.
Cole and Garfield give terrifically witty, impassioned performances despite the very tricky material
[it] does peter out in the end - it's perhaps too ambitious in telling too many stories - but visually it pops, its cast is terrific and the director's retrofitting of Ledger's role works far better than one would imagine.
Troyer's idiosyncratic character, enhanced by his small size, is hilarious, and he's one of my picks for this year's Best Supporting Actor.
Most of the film is artsy rather than effectsy, and actually it tends to drag a bit whenever the big deal effects become the meat rather than the spice of the scene.Abandoning oneself to the film is the best way to enjoy it.
It's all razzle without the dazzle, and no matter how great it all looked I still spent the majority of the film silently wishing for more.
Gilliamâ(TM)s visually assaultive technique doesnâ(TM)t make it easy on either the story or the actors.
A surprisingly interesting picture.
Perhaps Ledger's death tore the heart right out of the film, or maybe Gilliam just can't quit his addiction to discomfort. Though it promises something fanciful at times, Parnassus" can be disappointingly moody.
Various actors taking Ledger's place turns out to make more sense than the rest of Parnassus... which starts strongly but soon begins to flail.
A delightful, visually splendid slice of brilliant madness that's occasionally uneven and too emotionally hollow to reach the heights of a true classic.
Once Ledger appears, The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus almost turns into another movie: What had seemed dry and academic...becomes fun, entertaining, and even, at times, wonderful.
If he had lived, Ledger would be glad to see his name in the credits.
a massive sprawling explosion of a film, rife with hyperbolic visuals, and a story that dares to consider the contradictions of good and evil as played out in the hearts and minds of every human being on the planet
It exemplifies both the strengths and the shortcomings for which director Terry Gilliam has become known.
Director Terry Gilliam is back in fine fantasy form, after a series of critical and commercial failures...
Terry Gilliam's latest is a full three-ring affair, complete with puffs of smoke, glitter and grunge, some hocus-pocus, mumbo jumbo and even a dwarf.
The result is not just a filmmaker retracing the Faustian elements of his career but something far more poignant than he could have ever imagined in a film appropriately labeled as coming from 'Heath Ledger and friends.'
Gilliam is incapable of telling a story casually, and his personal obsessions often come along as a bonus.
Ledger's admirers will be pleased with his farewell, even if his part is not fully realized and his character is more of a supporting syrup in this weird elixir.
Gilliam's paean to the imagination seems to lack imagination.
It is the director's ceaseless creativity that stands out in Imaginarium, and makes the film worth watching despite its narrative and logical flaws.
While The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus for many will be known as Ledger's last film, this should not overshadow the fact that it is a glorious film in its own right and a testament to Gilliam's uncompromising vision.
diary of an artist who keeps trying to amaze when no one's paying attention anymore
Gilliam is concerned primarily with out-Gilliaming himself.
Parnassus continues Gilliam's decade-old habit of sabotaging his work by piling on wild images without regard to character development or storytelling.
Whichever way you choose to look at it, it's a trippy couple of hours at the theatre.
Not up to the very best work of either Gilliam or Ledger, but it's a surprisingly satisfying coda to the latter's all-too-brief career.
Though rambling and at times self-indulgent, its wit and pageantry, boosted by Heath Ledger's final performance, render it irresistible.
It meanders and jaywalks according to its own confused rhythms, and the suggestion is that if we don't get it -- or if we get bored -- we're just not clued in to Gilliam's genius.
It's hard to bear this film much ill will but it doesn't really work, apart from a couple vividly imagined set pieces. Mostly it just ambles along, like a scavenger hunt with an ill-defined search list, before collapsing in on itself in a finale of utter
A morality tale about the consequences of making deals with the devil that has some visual flare but doesn't really hold together.
As is so often the case since his Monty Python days, Gilliam is best at visual games and weakest at storytelling.
While a movie that is deeply flawed and ultimately fails, Parnassus is at least watchable, unlike Gilliam's last film, the wretched Tideland.
Gilliam is Parnassus, carrying his tatterdemalion show forward from year to year and trying to get people to pay attention, and the mingled sense of bitterness and hope in his story makes this whole crazed fantasy into something far more real.
Once an exciting and daring filmmaker, Gilliam is now making movies that threaten to put their audiences to sleep. Ask your doctor if Parnassus is right for you.
A dizzy spell of visual fantasy and rickety plotting.
An acidic combo of a Super Mario Bros. game on a disastrous drug trip and a bad Lady Gaga video -- however, both Mario and Gaga have better premises.
Gilliam and McKeown's willful refusal of coherent narrative and determination to pack every idea about art they ever had into one scenario, make this fiendishly gorgeous movie more exhausting than exhilarating to watch.
Yet another case of a film with not enough story for the amount of movie there is...more interesting for what it wasn't allowed to be than for what it is.
What ifs and wherefores become irrelevant the minute you pass through Terry Gilliam's sparkly looking-glass.
The resulting film is an outlandish juggling act. It teeters, creaks and breaks at the seams, but somehow holds together better than you would expect and better than such an extravagant farce should.
Crammed with shifting CGI canvases and frenetic revues right out of Monty Python, Imaginarium is a galumphing bacchanal of illusionist clutter that's frequently unwieldy but rarely less than deeply felt.
If I was a teacher and The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus was a student's paper, I would give it an "incomplete."
Despite a shaky framework, the magic works. It's a chance to see Ledger one last time in the act of doing what he loved. Take it.
Unsuccessfully attempts to fashion an actual story out of slapdash, seemingly improvised sequences awash in uneven CG effects.
The Imaginarium Of Dr. Parnassus turns out to be a film of many subtle pleasures as well as grand images, and a tidy summation of many of this director's long-explored themes and ideas.
A shambling, lovable mess of a movie that never manages to keep its boundless imagination in check.
Dazzling and sumptuous, chronicling a haunting race to redemption.
It's a film teeming with visual invention (often to the point of exhaustion), yet the big-budget pageantry is always counterbalanced by Gilliam's deeply felt and thematically potent sympathy for the downtrodden artistes of the world.
As impressive and as wild as Gilliam's acid-laced visuals can be -- and yes, they are often stunning and hilarious -- it's not enough to keep us engaged in a movie with a plot that spins circles around our heads and characters who are really nothing more
[Gilliam] can follow any train of thought, so he does, and it's no surprise when the trains run out of steam.
Lots of eye candy, but where's the story?
full review at Movies for the Masses
While he hasn't made a perfect film, Terry Gilliam preserves the memory of Heath Ledger in a way that appropriately matches his own sense of artistic inspiration.
Whatever my reservations, and they are only few, I welcome back the Gilliam of old.
It's weird, wicked, wonderful and whacky for sure - much more a dark fantasy than a horror film (Waits' amazing Devil notwithstanding) - but it's also done with finesse, beauty, emotion and aplomb.
The beautiful special effects sequences can drag on, but Gilliam's crafted an intriguing, old-fashioned fairytale framework for them.
If fantasy is your thing, take a trip through Gilliam's mirror and drink your fill, but don't blame me for your indigestion.
The melding together of the streamlined urbanscapes of modern London with the old-time production design of the Parnassus carriage, not to mention the CGI wonderlands beyond the mirror, is a spectacle that's worth the price of admission alone.
This is a wonderous, dark and opulent film, that captivates and moves the audience. Fans of Ledger or Gilliam will feel rewarded for their time in the Imaginarium.
The film is classic Gilliam, the imaginative brilliance tempered by moments of incoherence and a strange lassitude.
Doctor Parnassus is sometimes exhilarating, sometimes merely deranged -- but since excess and fragmentation are Gilliam's trademarks, his virtues are impossible to separate from his vices.
A visual feast is served up in former Monty Python cast member Terry Gilliam's fantasy -- credited to "Heath Ledger and friends" -- that should enthral loyal fans of the veteran's colourful film history, but is more than likely to baffle Gilliam novices.
It's unlikely Gilliam's own, undeniably brilliant career will be revitalised by this rambling, undisciplined and indulgent piece of work.
For a film that lost one of its key players, Heath Ledger, mid-way through production, The Imaginarium Of Doctor Parnassus is remarkably cohesive. Marks a return to form for Gilliam.
The film continually shifts in and out of coherency, much a like a radio trying to fix on a station broadcasting from far, far away.
A hard to fathom storyline and obvious CGI effects detract from an otherwise big-hearted final film for Heath Ledger.
Those willing to ignore these indulgences are guaranteed to be swept away by the sublime visuals, energetic performances and Gilliam's own incredibly unbridled imagination.
The script could have done with a little more work and the story loses its way more than once, but the weird and wonderful world Gilliam and Ledger have created is worth a peek.
Like a travelling sideshow, Imaginarium drifts from one weird and wonderful idea to another without any discernible plan or structure, kept alive by novelty value
[Gilliam's] got this imagination that shoots off into the stratosphere and, to a certain extent, you've got to travel with him. But there's no one like him in film.
On one level this is a typically chaotic and rather overdone fantasy from Terry Gilliam, but on another it's an immensely touching film because it contains Heath Ledger's last screen appearance.
Somewhat intellectually mushy and sentimental, though never less than visually impressive.
Gilliam takes us on a whimsical flight through his imagination with this scruffy, messy movie. The plot doesn't really hang together, but the cast and imagery are magical.
There are thrilling flashes of Gilliam getting back to top form here. A scrappy movie with more ideas than it can control, but one born out of a passion and determination that are wholly infectious.
It's unlikely Gilliam's own, undeniably brilliant career will be revitalised by this rambling, undisciplined and indulgent piece of work.
Terry Gilliam is perhaps the only director who could lure in the late Heath Ledger, Johnny Depp, Colin Farrell AND Jude Law - and still produce a phantasmogoric stinker.
A eulogy, a polemic, an intriguing mess: Dr Parnassus is ultimately more worth your time than many a polished creation, and it's a must for Terry Gilliam completists, but this time out he delivers a feast for the eyes more than he satisfies intellectually
It's mad and beautiful and bewildering; it represents a unique vision; it's a peek into the treasure trove of oddities that is Terry Gilliam's head.
Gilliam's imagination rubbing up against his constricted budget, and CGI showmanship is not on any level his forte. You miss the hand-made charm and extravagant matte-work of Brazil, even Baron Munchausen.
Sadly, Parnassus' stop-start narrative frustrates, while much of its melancholy relies on Ledger's involvement. Still, there are those moments.
[Gilliam's] most vibrant and alive film in years, his rich mind synthesised and running wild for a memorable adventure.
Gilliam struggles to create a coherent frame for his visual ambition.
Like the cartoons of Monty Python, the results are weirdly inspired and fitfully amusing but mostly unfathomable. Such is the delirium of Doctor Gilliam.
Gilliam's plotting is typically ramshackle, but the fantasy visions are wondrous. Top job of rescuing Heath Ledger's cruelly curtailed contribution, too.
The film is too much of a shambles, but it is brave and courageous; not tainted by anything other than circumstance and passion.
A cheerily irreverent memorial to Ledger. Ledger, meanwhile, immerses himself enthusiastically into the low-budget spirit of Gilliam's film.
A grotesque squandering of time, talent and a great idea.
A visually inventive fantasy romp that's big on imagination, but almost impossible to follow.
A rambling, unruly salute to the transformative power of the imagination that is filled with visual inventiveness, wilful eccentricity and even a burst or two of Pythonesque humour.
No amount of visual pyrotechnics can cover the fact that The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus never quite knows what it is doing, where it is going and why. The pencil hadn't done its work before the digital geniuses moved in.
This surreal universe is the highlight of Terry Gilliam's film, showing that the former Monty Python has not lost his ability to astound audiences with visual wit.
An overdone blow-out of a modern fairy tale.
It is a shame that Gilliam didn't settle for being an animator, because these squiggles of invention are so much more his forte than film directing.
For a movie that champions the importance of storytelling, that is, ironically, its limpest department.
A triumph. That Dr Parnassus was finished at all following the death mid-shoot of its star Heath Ledger is impressive. That it hangs together as a striking work of fantasy is truly remarkable.
Will delight and infuriate in equal measure; it's messy, rambling, patchy and occasionally annoying, but it's also visually stunning and superbly acted, with moments of magic.
Doctor P is drenched in imagination, and pulses with a fizz-banging love for storytelling that outshines the slick but soulless pap currently clogging cinemas.
A shambolic Gilliam film may still be better than no Gilliam film at all, but losing the plot isn't quite as much fun as it used to be.
A film that's laugh-out-loud funny, occasionally touching and often borders on coherent -- a rarity for Gilliam, even when he's on top form...
Doctor Parnassus parallels Terry Gilliam and his most recent work: many complex ideas, grand intentions and miserable luck leading him down a path to nowhere, forcing him to start over with nothing one more time.
If you've seen how imaginative Terry Gilliam can be with "practical" effects, then you'll probably be dazzled by Imaginarium's finest moments.
Fits perfectly next to Gilliam's earlier films, and more often than not, his distinctive humor and the visuals help the movie overcome any of the weaker moments.
Every favorite Gilliam device and trope is employed here to breathtaking effect.
Despite the heroic efforts to save the troubled production due to Heath Ledger's death, it's a disappointing film, one that displays Gilliam's favorite themes but suffers from problems plaguing most of his work.
A carnival show with a mirror to the imagination allows Gilliam to employ his remarkable gift for imagery, but the worlds he creates will not take the breath away of children or grown-ups.
It's a hyper-active, endlessly mutating cavalcade of colour, noise and surrealistic eccentricity.
Ledger's performance provides an adequate swansong for loyal fans on pilgrimages to the multiplexes this autumn. But many will exit scratching their heads.
There's no doubt that the imaginary world [Gilliam has] created is awe-inspiring, but it's ultimately designed for an art house audience.
With clumsy dialogue, poor plotting and some downright terrible performances, The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus is a huge disappointment for any fan of Terry Gilliam's work.
Marred by shoddy special effects and half-formed fantastical conceits, Terry Gilliam's "The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus" has the feeling of a comic fantasia desperately seeking to find its rhythm.
To anyone not sympathetic to Gilliam's flights of fantasy, Parnassus will reek of rambling self-indulgence but fans will welcome it as a return to what he does best.
The helmer has made a pretty good thing out of a very bad situation in "The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus".
For the most part Gilliam has toned down the aggressive darkness of his last film, Tideland, pitching at the broader audience he reached for with Baron Munchausen and Brothers Grimm.
There is a fundamental lack of dramatic traction here and the surrealism creates an inert flabbiness in its already chaotic story.
The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus is a film with a huge heart and a dazzling eye, but it does little for the very thing it is trying to celebrate: the imagination.







@highlight

Terry Gilliam remains as indulgent as ever, but The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus represents a return to the intoxicatingly imaginative, darkly beautiful power of his earlier work, with fine performances to match all the visual spectacle.