Definitely a mess, but a hugely happening one.
A guilt-free return to the kind of stylish action thrillers that rely on strong characters just as much as they do carnage.
The poor man's Guy Ritchie, which is sad since the poor man already has Guy Ritchie
The best Tarantino riff of 1994.
It wants to be a Tarantino-esque dark comedy about gun-slinging, substance-abusing lowlifes. But instead it's a convoluted, slap-happy, humorless bloodfest.
Could've been a classic belch of grindhouse-throwback foolishness if not for Carnahan's apparent need to take his story seriously after all.
A great ensemble cast, along with excellent direction makes this a gem worth the watch...
Smokin' Aces isn't the most original endeavor, but it has enough wit, action and dramatic weight to carve out its own rightful place of honor in the crime film genre.
An uneven, overly stylized mess that wants to recall Quentin Tarantino, but which only mines the glitz, not the depth or the sharpness of Tarantino's dialogue.
It's flashy and feels hip, but I wonder if it's all just a smokescreen much like the one in the film's plot.
It's instantly engrossing, stays great for about 45 minutes and good for another 20, then begins collapsing under the oppressive weight of taking itself very, very seriously.
It's never boring for a minute, and it's a ridiculous, fun waste of time.
The biggest and most unfortunate problem with Smokin' Aces is the complete lack of anyone to root for or even against.
does little more than ape some vague Quentin Tarantino/Guy Ritchie cinematic style
A list of players doesn't quite indicate the pile-on of firepower that will converge for the final showdown, or the convolutions of plot that draw everyone to the same location.
Will you enjoy Smokin' Aces? That depends on your acceptance of the following: several pages worth of four letter words; huge bloody body counts; and nudity that is nothing more than set decoration. That's a call you will have to make for yourself.
Trying too hard is the death of cool in any genre -- especially a dead one -- and Smokin' Aces has all the sophisticated plotting of a splatter-happy video game.
Every criminal has to have a quirk. That guy's a cross-dresser. He's a master of disguise. They're Nazis. She's a lesbian... Ridiculous cretins like these will make you long for the thoughtful characterizations of Boss Hogg and Sheriff Roscoe.
Repellant for reasons that would take a week to list, but the biggest one is that it tries to revive a film movement that not only should stay buried, but should not have lived in the first place.
It wants to be so many things at once that it never truly finds its focus, and yet it manages to be quite a blast anyway.
Frenetic to the point of assaultive, Smokin' Aces resembles nothing so much as last year's Lucky Number Slevin, except with even more plot reversals, most of which don't hold up under scrutiny.
There is a little bit of something for everyone in this one. .
...by the time the guns start blazing, ...the body count (and the surprise order) really hits home; you actually give a crap whether these people die or not.
Not a fresh idea emerges from this risible exercise in muscle-car camerawork, squib-crazy shoot-outs and self-admiring pyrotechnics.
If you like blood, this is a film for you, but otherwise, it's not nearly funny or gory enough to satisfy. Fugeddaboutit.
The talented ensemble cast and Carnahan's slick, colourful direction ensure that Smokin' Aces remains an enjoyable and engaging thriller, though the violence may be a bit too strong for some.
Half the time the movie wants to be balls-out weird, and it is. But the other half -- the half with the good guys -- is plodding procedural fare.
There are a few moments of striking visuals along with Mauro Fiore's generic Vegas cinematography, but nothing that can't be done about as well in a video game.
All of it is preposterous, stretching plausibility until it breaks, with final-act explanations -- such as why someone as low-rent as Buddy Israel would be welcomed into the mob in the first place -- only leading to more absurdity.
The movie's shrill posturing precludes fun. It's combo heartless and brainless.
I defy anyone to understand what is going on in the first half hour of Smokin' Aces...the film has a jumpy, edgy feel, which works to its benefit. But the script is just a muddle with its plot deeply buried in a thunderstorm of blood and violence
An alternately tedious and ridiculously violent nihilistic screed trying to pass itself off as hip entertainment.
We just sit there numbly, awaiting the next sensation and trying, without notable success, to comprehend the preposterous backstory.
The worst movie of 1998.
A downright miserable experience.
Violence is spread throughout the film, and some of it is entertaining, I have to admit. But the climax at Buddy's Tahoe penthouse is Tarantino on speed.
Did Carnahan think these sickening scenes would give Smokin' Aces a moral complexity that's generally absent from this genre? I think they make the picture seem even more morally bankrupt.
Somewhere in Joe Carnahan's SMOKIN' ACES there is a really good film trying desperately to get out. Several actually. And therein lays the problem.
Had Carnahan stuck more with the antics of his rogues' gallery and spent less time with the predictable FBI story, he'd have ended up with a work of glorious depravity.
Violent, over-the-top and in-your-face come "Smokin' Aces," A fasterthanthis adults-only crime spree.
Here's the deal, Alicia Keys stays out of the theater and Ray Liotta stays off the pop charts. Deal?
In this trashy Tarantino rip-off, I smell audience burn-out.
Sloppy, slapstick, son-of-"Pulp Fiction"...it's a sucker bet!
All the Award-nominated films are rolling out to theatres across the country, or you get movies that just couldn't compete in the summer (Guess what, this one is not waiting for any envelopes).
Director Joe Carnahan didn't know who to emulate first in making the over-saturated "Smokin' Aces," Quentin Tarantino or Guy Ritchie. What's certain is there is absolutely no originality in this bloody, loud and incomprehensible actioner that completely w
I enjoy shot 'em up action and gritty dialog as much as any fan of this genre but I also want a story that will stay with me. Smokin' Aces didn't stay with me.
Considering a cast that also touts Ben Affleck and Wayne Newton, Smokin' Aces should have been a veritable bachelor party of guilty pleasures. It's got guns, casinos, girls, drugs and Piven.
If Smokin' Aces had come out one month earlier, it could have been the best movie of 2006. In 07, I imagine there won't be a more exciting work of art all year. It out Tarantinos Tarantino and you just don't want it to end.
Some twists you see coming, but for the most part Joe Carnahan's clever plot keeps you guessing.
...a film that rivals "The Departed" for twists and turns. But it's one hell of a ride!
One wild super-kinetic ride. It's Oceans 11 meets Pulp Fiction and sooooooo much more.
Too many crooks spoil the broth -- or, more precisely, the bloodbath -- in a wild-and-crazy crime spree that's a whole lot less than the sum of its parts.
Carnahan sets himself up as the ringmaster of a circus filled with violent freaks. His enthusiasm is impressive, it's just a shame it's not in service of a better film.
Smokin Aces is a Viagra suppository for compulsive action fetishists and a movie that may not only be dumb in itself, but also the cause of dumbness in others.
There's enough blood, bullets, boobs, action and octane to keep cheap bags of testosterone like myself interested.
A thoroughly despicable movie. For my money a film like this deserves an NC-17 rating far more than one dealing with explicit sex.
The gleeful sadism and snarky dialogue of the film's opening scenes quickly gives way to something darker and more disorienting, driven by a deep, coruscating disgust at the world's venal duplicity and corruption.
This is from the same Joe Carnahan who impressed mightily with his Sundance hit Narc, a tale of murder and police corruption that was lean, focussed and spellbinding -- everything that Smokin' Aces isn't. What the hell happened?
None of the numerous, sketchily drawn characters adds up to much to care about in the short running time.
Carnahan creates a spectacle of nihilism, with a number of scenes of carnage, including a shootout in an elevator. This vision is no mere gesture, as it is for, say, Guy Ritchie.
The intended audience must be the fan club for Scarface (Pacino's), anyone who has made a superficial pass at Quentin Tarantino's work, and anyone who felt challenged by Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas.
Carnahan, after glorifying violence and amorality throughout much of the film, tries to insert a heart and soul at the 11th hour. This means that a picture already too redolent of Quentin Tarantino and Guy Ritchie can't find its own tone.
An escapist romp, pure and simple, and Carnahan's aggressive style keeps it entertaining even when there's no underlying point.
The most outrageous thing in the movie is Carnahan's musical quotation of Ennio Morricone, lifted from a Sergio Leone movie. In your dreams, Carnahan.
Putting Ben Affleck, and the poor man's Ben Affleck, Ryan Reynolds, in the same movie? Not a good move.
The film starts with a bang and gets bigger and louder and more kinetic as it goes along. But then it hits a wall and feels the need to become a mystery -- with an explanation that neither surprises nor satisfies.
Take two or three over-the-top Hong Kong films, add a bit of blaxploitation attitude, spice it up with some Quentin Tarantino stunt casting, and soak the whole thing in crazy, chainsaw violence. Now throw out 90 percent of everything but the violence.
Impersonal hackwork by someone who is bending over backwards to sell out and become the new Michael Bay.
If you're fond of the old 'Is he dead yet' gimmick, there are lots of those.
Most ridiculous is that, at the end of the movie, which up until then was basically a violent video game with aspirations, Carnahan turns Aces into a thumpingly heavy-handed morality play.
The hyper-stylized violence isn't nearly as senseless as the narrative bits in between. And the 'twist' employs the same sleight-of-hand as The Usual Suspects.
A grindhouse-inspired concoction that may not contain a shred of originality, but it is executed with unbridled bombast and glee.
Why, after nearly 90 minutes of splattering limbs, cat-fighting hookers and characters gleefully being set afire, does Carnahan suddenly decide to veer into operatic Michael Mann territory?
We end up caring nothing about anyone. They're all instantly disposable. Not to mention one-dimensional.
This winking, ironic gunfest -- a bit Lucky Number Slevin, a bit Kill Bill -- has its fun, surrealist moments.
It's ludicrous, but not as ludicrous as the ending -- an exhausting game of Twister that'll leave you feeling stupid or cheated or both.
[A] pale, distant cousin of Tarantino's breakthrough works from a decade ago.
Smokin' Aces may be packing a lot of heat but its unnecessarily convoluted story means it's mostly a lot of hot air.
Meaningless violence incarnate, a pointed mix of laughs and wanton death; and yes, that might actually mean something, but precisely what is never clear.
Anyone with a brain bigger than those of the Tremors will have figured out the big Usual Suspects twists that are designed to give all this some emotional payoff.
Even the stars seem to realize it's not working. The pivotal dramatic scene here involves Andy Garcia and Reynolds, neither of whom is quite able to keep a straight face. Not that you can blame them.
This movie is meant to be watched the way a video game is played: just go from scene to scene and start blasting the minute you walk through the door.
There are way too many characters to keep track of, they're too cartoonish to care about, and the plot is madly baroque in a most wearisome way.
Sadly, more than an hour of this movie is given over to talking. And not the wink-wink Quentin Tarantino kind, either.
We ask for so little from movies like this; the least it can to is place its disposable thrills in a decently constructed package.
Grungy, garish and completely gratuitous, it's also extremely entertaining.
Carnahan does show a flair for staging some spectacular sequences, and he does manage to get some good performances out of his large, colorful cast.
Carnahan hasn't really stepped too far out of the standard genre box here, and while that is unfortunate he's at least stepped into it with enough style, grace and intelligent nuance I can't help but be at least partially impressed.
This non-stop superficial mugging would not even have been cool if it had come out twelve years ago, when Tarantino rip-offs were as common as Hootie & the Blowfish hit singles.
It's kind of fun as purely abstract exercises in cinematic flair but a hollow substitute for an actual movie.
Fast, furious, annoying and -- political subtext or no -- unrewarding.
The rat-a-tat-tat dialogue and 70s trappings of Smokin' Aces is pure Tarantino, although like the countless imitators, it isn't as clever as its inspiration.
It's a manic visual exercise, but from a thoroughly intelligent filmmaker who has more on his mind than just a hack fireworks display meant to beguile 15 year-olds with too much free time (think garbage like Running Scared).
could have been a super cool Martin Scorsese movie, but in the hands of writer/director Joe Carnahan, it just stinks.
The uneven tone consequently ensures that the film is generally only interesting in spurts, with certain sequences quite compelling and others inordinately dull...
A flashy, nasty, hyper-violent story.
grabs you by your lipstick-smudged collar and chucks you headfirst into a car-crash dizziness of crime, punishment, and bureau hobgob.
The sum feels significantly less than its parts ... It's hard to think of a decent payoff to the glorious chaos Carnahan whips up in the first two acts, short of the earth itself exploding.
Writer/director Joe Carnahan (see "Blood, Guts, Bullets and Octane" and "Narc") makes an overreaching but inspired effort at reinventing the dumb gangsters with big guns motif that Quentin Tarantino created and continues to modify.
Sure, the film looks slick, but the screenplay is a mess and it only comes across as absurd that a film that has no regard for human life for its first 100 minutes asks us to stop and care for its final eight.
Which means we have three machete-wielding, neo-Nazi brothers, a pair of ghetto-fab-glam lesbians and, yes, Jason Bateman in women's underwear.
Stinkin' Aces misses the mark and fatally shoots itself -- right in the foot.
A gruesome Cannonball Run with Piven flesh as the trophy, Smokin' Aces is a depressingly nihilistic entry in the Tarantino/Guy Ritchie/Ocean's Eleven caper genre.
But Smokin' Aces is all pumped up with no place to go, and the crashing letdown, as the rush fades and the ammo shells lie spent across the screen, is heavy indeed.
When Carnahan tries to tug at our emotions, he just compounds the whorish insensitivity of the movie.
Isn't this grown-up? In a word, no, and that's what's so much fun about it.
This dark action comedy is plenty dark and full of action. As for comedy, it depends on how much audiences will laugh at mayhem, drug abuse, and the waste of a great cast.
This film was not based on a video game, but that's the vibe and the aesthetic at work here: YEAH! KILL!, followed by a few muttered expressions of the horror, the horror.
Based on this outing, writer-director Joe Carnahan can't tell a story worth a damn -- especially not a complicated mishmash like this one.
Smokin Aces achieves a level of vicarious thrill, but it's all peaks and valleys, with lows that are too low and highs that are too high.
It's like True Romance crossed with Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels remade with the artistic vision of Domino.
There's no shortage of flash and bother, but not much to care about.
Such a lunkheaded attempt at coolness that it's like banging two bricks together and wondering why it doesn't start a fire.
A 180-degree switch in tone and a ridiculous last-minute "twist" botch the outcome.
Self-important but not untalented, Smokin' Aces is tonally consistent from beginning to end, and, for all its bloody mayhem, kinetic nihilism, and jive minstrelsy, has a surprisingly light touch.
[Carnahan] directs with enough energy and style to hide the fact that his movie is nothing more than a little home invasion/ sodomy/ torture-type stuff.
Carnahan veers wildly between dark comedy and over-the-top violence but never quite finds the right tone.
Best consumed with pizza and lots of brewskis, Joe Carnahan's Smokin' Aces is shamelessly and unapologetically a guy movie.
Smokin' Aces is Tarantino lite -- a vague and unsuccessful attempt to bring together a bunch of offbeat, unrelated characters in a situation where a bloody resolution is inescapable.
... a lot more than it seems, even if you have to wait until the last five minutes to realize just how much more that is and just how integral the violence is to Carnahan's point.
... hyperventilating hogwash ...
You can't take it seriously, but the movie is as lively as it is debased.
Smokin' Aces is a roller-coaster ride that goes on far too long, ends with a colossal crash, then follows that wreck with a lecture explaining the physics of the machinery.
It's all a mad, mad, mad, mad whirl of bullets, bloodshed, the occasional breast and agonizingly lame jokes aimed at males who don't get out much.
[A] steaming pile of meaningless, worthless, civilization-in-decline, orgy-of-violence, bread-and-circuses sign of the apocalypse...
What Carnagehan--sorry, Carnahan--has wrought is a foul, speciously cool exercise in gross, pointless mayhem...all sass and no substance.
Hollywood seems to think every eighth-grade class needs its own Pulp Fiction, and so the graduates of 2007 get Smokin' Aces...
Carnahan's approach is creative and interesting, the characters are well drawn, it's biting, it's funny, it's crazy, and it's a lot of fun.
Overplotted and overscripted, this mess of a movie seems to have hundreds of characters and thousands of dead bodies.
Narrative spunk ultimately tapers off to a series of slick but silly plot devices that drag the action over the finish line with a resounding and disappointing thud.
Will not disappoint fans of mayhem and bloody contract killing madmen.
Not really recommended for the cerebral cineaste, but more for that demographic satiated by bloodlust alone.
A multi-character crime saga that's even less appealing than watching televised poker.
One question hovers over the carnage, though: Whom the hell are we supposed to root for? The closest the movie comes to sympathetic assassins are its hit ladies, yet the payoff to their subplot is the weakest of the bunch.
Smokin' Aces blows some cool smoke rings until it makes the very un-cool mistake of overstaying its welcome.
The "Tarantino Effect" is very much evident is this ultra violent and senseless crime policier, a disppointing sophomore effort to Joe Carnahan's Narc, in which a whole ensemble of talented actors (and singer Alicia Keys) is wasted.
I imagine someone like Gareth from The Office watching it, a big grin on his face, a box of tissues by his side.
The film's whimsicality makes it a big step back for the director, who shows he has little handle over anything bar garish action set-pieces.
Just accept it as a boorish, boy's toys blast and you'll find that where there's Smokin', there's fire.
A simple hit becomes a tangled nightmare in this preening, self-consciously cool gangster movie. It sets itself up for cult status but expect to leave exhausted.
[Director Joe] Carnahan aims for a Tarantino-style black comedy but wildly misses the mark. Instead of crafting characters to laugh with (or at, even) he indulges a sniggering schoolboy obsession with casual mutilation and silly wigs.
Even after ten final minutes of laboured explanation of the final twist, the plot is still riddled with holes so large that you could march an army through them.
The identity swaps, double-crosses and multiple shoot-em-ups are reminiscent of The Usual Suspects and early Tarantino, without the ingenuity of the former or the breakneck energy of the latter.
It's a Lock, Stock-style story of back-stabbing hoods, bloodshed and boys' toys that boasts a cracking cast on top form. Highly entertaining.
Using the kind of snazzy flashbacks, blood fetishism and moronic villains that were so in vogue oh, let's see, about 10 years ago, the action revolves around an assortment of rival hoodlums all gunning for police informant Buddy 'Aces' Israel.
Four years ago, US writer-director Joe Carnahan gave us the tough and unsentimental cop drama Narc. Now he has followed it up with a fatuous piece of nasty nonsense without a smidgen of that film's intelligence.
The garish pulp shoot-'em-up Smokin' Aces has one of those titles that instantly tell you you've wandered into the wrong fleapit.
A terrific sense of style and wit, plus solid performances all around.
Full respect to Carnahan for making the tired crime genre feel fresh, but it would have been more fun without a last-minute attempt to make it mean something.









@highlight

A violent mess of a movie, Smokin' Aces has some Quentin Tarantino's style but not much of his wit or humor.