Flawed but worthwhile and perfectly Netflixable war zone dramedy in a minor key.
Despite these reservations, it still has a point of view and watchable moments.
A very fine cast lead by Benicio del Toro and Tim Robbins (in his best movie performance in 10 years) guns this oddball, fablesque comedy-drama about bureaucracy and international aid.
Gets by on the gentle interplay between the double act of Del Toro and Robbins (the comedy duo we've been waiting for!)
[de Aranoa is] a director at home with the small things that can make a film great -- interested in what keeps people together when everything around them is being blown apart. It's a wonderful gift.
Del Toro and Robbins adroitly capture the dark humour of the drama, and their scenes together are gems of bleak comedy.
What the film does well is to immerse us in the tragic weirdness of wartime logic, where nothing works as we would expect. It's a strong, engaging film about how hard it is to wage peace.
Hardly the most uplifting film of 2016, but does cast a caustic spell that carries it a long way.
The searing insights are presented with minimal flourish and with riveting storytelling.
Who says you need bullets and violence to depict the horrors of war? Guided by an armoury of pragmatism, common sense and dark humour, Fernando Leon de Aranoa deals a hand from a different pack of cards; one that successfully manages tone shifts.
A Perfect Day offers few surprises, but manages to rise above its clichés thanks to committed, off-kilter performances, particularly from Del Toro and a back-on-form Robbins.
A darkly comical ensemble piece which gives you a jaded glimpse into war times. Instead of concentrating on the bloody fighting part, we see some of what happens in the moments between the actual conflict.
A taut, darkly comic drama about the dilemmas of international intervention in civil war, all of it neatly symbolized by one elusive length of rope. It is also, sadly, a film much marred by its sexism.
A Perfect Day is a war story told on a small scale. It's all the more powerful for its subtlety.
Like its subjects, the movie fails to accomplish all that much, but it does more good than harm.
This shaggy, likeable film from director Fernando León de Aranoa chronicles 24 obstacle-ridden hours in the life of some international aid workers.
We see lots of shots of the aid workers' two trucks hurtling back and forth across the landscape, and the movie often seems to be just as aimless.
The movie's got a great concept, and Benicio Del Toro is terrific, but the black-comedy tone feels off from the very beginning.
An irreverent comedy in the style of the original M.A.S.H., this wartime romp takes an entertaining look at 24 hours in the life of a group of humanitarian workers in the Balkans in 1995.
This is one of those rare, thoughtful war movies that doesn't emphasize brutality.
By focusing on a small story, the sarcastically titled A Perfect Day becomes more relatable and in the process tells us more about the big picture, in this case the Bosnian conflict.
There is a subtle tonal complexity to A Perfect Day, where even the title has an air of sarcasm. There is a lingering note of melancholy throughout the film, and it earns every bit of it.
A project that's intriguing, funny, emotional and sensitive, one that raises issues abundantly important today and makes us consider whether we're truly considering what else is going on in the world around us.
With an eclectic soundtrack, well-timed editing and crisp cinematography - and of course that terrific cast led by the great Del Toro - A Perfect Day is a rough-edged gem.
Grit-bomb comedy... drip-drip-drip absurdism... Altman's "M*A*S*H," Richard Shepard's "The Hunting Party" and the grandiosely mad Emir Kusturica can be glimpsed in the rearview mirror of floundering influence.
Although caught between "Mash" and "Hurt Locker" the film packs a powerful lesson.
The film may be scattershot and odd, but it needs to be odder still.
The characters are too thinly sketched to generate much of an emotional connection, leaving some compelling ideas unfulfilled in the process.
It's frustrating how close this is to being a good movie. The pieces are there. The follow through isn't.
The refusal to sugarcoat or overpraise its fearless do-gooders is itself noble and useful, and at its best 'A Perfect Day' relishes in portraying characters we rarely see on film in a darkly comic fashion.
This compact little satire - set in 1990s Balkans - is a small, personal story about huge unfairnesses and injustices. Bleakly, bitterly, blackly funny.
"A Perfect Day" is rarely actively bad, but more often inspires a shrug.
Del Toro's low-key resignation gives the film what power it has, but the female characters (played by Mélanie Thierry and Olga Kurylenko) are disappointingly thin.
An immensely powerful account of heroic, resilient, creative, and deeply ethical aid workers in the Balkans in 1995.
They say that war is hell. War relief doesn't look like any kind of picnic either ...
It suffers from a marked lack of narrative energy and a regrettable surfeit of clichéd characterization.
Has so little to say about miasmatic global conflicts that the film feels sketched rather than fully drawn.
There's not much of a story, which wouldn't be bad if there was something other than blasts of music filling the longueurs.
Extremely witty and light on its feet, yet it manages to be thoughtful, even philosophical, in an absurdist way, about the roots of human conflict.
A wry salute to the world's hard-drinking, eye-rolling aid workers, men and women whose high ideals get crushed by global bureaucracy and local recalcitrance.
Feels slightly padded with unnecessary character moments which keep it from being nearly as effective as it could have been.
"A Perfect Day" benefits from the spring in its step, gifted a capable cast skilled enough to find nuances of reaction as the story moves from stop to stop, never remaining static for very long.
On a moment-to-moment basis, A Perfect Day is reasonably engaging, mostly because of its novel milieu ...
There have been plenty of grim movies about the Balkan conflict, including Angelina Jolie's wrenching "In the Land of Blood and Honey." But Spanish director Fernando Leon de Aranoa's take is touched with dark humor.
The film's tone is one of off-handed black humor where wisecracks and offbeat situations disguise horrors just beneath the surface of things.
The film finally seems conspicuously at odds with itself, neither funny nor impassioned enough to pass as an accomplished vision of transnational welfare.
A Perfect Day makes a powerful statement on war by disregarding the violence and focusing solely on the strength of regular people in extreme circumstances.
The low-stakes shaggy-dog plot allows for a variety of vignettes that reveal how the civil conflict eroded people's humanity, but the movie's orthodox antiwar sentiment carries the story only so far.
The twenty-four-hour action is indicated by lengthening shadows, including those particularly striking that look upwards from within a well.
While it's uneven, A Perfect Day builds to a nice melancholy conclusion.
A story that for all its motley-band-of-brothers clichés feels as authentic as many more pious takes on the Bosnian conflict.
Inconsistency is A Perfect Day's biggest problem. The script is scalpel sharp in some places, flabby as the well-blocker in others.

@highlight

Aid workers get their due in A Perfect Day , which is just different and well-acted enough to overcome its logy pace and narrative clichés.