The filmmakers are more hands off than your average agitdoc director, but their point is unmistakable.
Jesus Camp doesn't just preach to the converted, it bores and frightens them.
Eye-opening look at the Evangelicals among us.
A disturbing, unflinching portrait of religion and its effects on children when in the hands of psychotic strangers and bad parents.
Why bother with horror films when you can see this?
Some lively material - but nothing new.
Flawed editing and intrusive and irritating commentary hardly detract from the shock value of this disturbing documentary. Compulsory viewing for anyone in the least bit concerned about religious extremism.
This gripping shock-doc looks inside the Kids on Fire evangelical summer camp in North Dakota, where training starts young for a "new army of God" to "take back America for Christ".
This unabashedly liberal documentary tries to redress the balance by giving the rest of America a wake up call: not all scary fundamentalists come strapped with explosives.
Filmakers Heidi Ewing and Rachel Grady don't bother with a polemical voiceover a la Michael Moore but skilfully stitch together the comments of the evangelicals themselves. It doesn't make for a pretty picture.
A brave, thoughtful documentary.
Funny, sad and horrifying. Anti-fundamentalist rather than anti-Christian, this deserves to preach to more than just the converted.
Almost as scary as "Village of the Damned". 12 year olds who aspire to be the next James Dobson!
will be viewed as a modern classic in the decades to come.
Ewing and Grady present this disturbing material in the only manner that it can be offered effectively
With an admirable impartiality, filmmakers Heidi Ewing and Rachel Grady allow the camera to make these kids look like Bible-thumping kooks as they quote scriptures and try to convert strangers they meet on the street.
Effective documentary, if somewhat repetitious.
One of the scariest movies I've ever seen. It's not a question of differing beliefs; it's a question of a separate society that will not accept differing beliefs
fascinating, eye-opening ... Although non-believers might find some of Fischer's rituals laughable, 'Jesus Camp' takes both the woman and her crusade very seriously, as it should.
O fato é que é assustador perceber que Fischer, Haggard (que hipócrita!) e demais pastores realmente acreditam no acerto de suas ações, jamais percebendo que o que chamam de "salvação" beira, na verdade, o abuso de crianças.
We always think of the separation of church and state as being there to protect the state, but the film makes a powerful case that it's there to prevent politics from cheapening and commodifying faith, as well.
The deck is stacked here, but that doesn't make the scenes at the camp any less real.
Whitney Houston may believe that the children are our future, but Becky Fischer is determined to indoctrinate them well and let them lead the way.
Jesus Camp will convince you of one thing. Our society is more polarized than ever.
I sympathize with the directors' agenda, but this is a movie in which shots of American flags and 'God Bless the U.S.A.' signs are supposed to be as ominous as hammer-and-sickle insignia in a 'duck and cover' propaganda film.
A meaningful piece of the story of America's struggle of church and state, but still just a piece.
While it could be argued that this somewhat chilling documentary sets out to make some of its subjects appear foolish, the film does allow them to speak clearly and at length, with next to no editorializing.
...a very scary movie; one that makes it impossible to ignore the cultural schism in America, the very real war between those who know they have the answers, and those who entertain some doubt.
Camp is not a diatribe or a polemic... all it does is turn a camera on people who are proud enough of their actions and beliefs to talk candidly and openly about them for the camera.
No matter your religious or political affiliation (or lack thereof), this supremely even-handed documentary from Heidi Ewing and Rachel Grady is cinematic dynamite.
It's almost impossible not to respond emotionally to this fascinating, sobering and all-too-brief exploration of the politicized religious right and its hopes, dreams and power.
Perhaps indoctrination is in the eye of the beholder. But one thing is certain: All Christians aren't the same. I'm one, and I found this film to be saddening, not heartening.
A chilling and fascinating look at the ever-increasing power of the organized Religious Right.
Lord knows the film wouldn't have been as entertaining if they'd played it straight.
The most surreal scene finds Fischer bringing out a cardboard standup of George W. Bush for the kids to worship -- and one can't help but note with amusement that it seems no less intelligent than the real thing.
An eye-opening exposure to a political force on the move.
An alarming look at a radical movement that appears to rob kids of their innocence.
I spent a lot of years studying the teachings of Jesus in Catholic grammar school, and I think Jesus would be appalled by what goes on in the these camps.
Jesus Camp doesn't trivialize or exploit its child subjects nor their spirituality; for the most part, the film maintains a patient, unobtrusive outlook from the D.A. Pennebaker school.
This film demands to be seen for the questions it raises about where the American political system is headed.
Both disturbing and enlightening.
Jesus Camp seems to me most interesting (and poignant) as a portrait of denied and even desecrated childhood.
On one level, the documentary Jesus Camp is all about evangelical Christians keeping up with the terrorists.
Ewing and Grady avoid prodding or sneering, giving Fischer and her young charges nearly all the scenes.
By gilding the lily so shamelessly, Ewing and Grady guarantee they'll preach only to the converted.
Jesus Camp does what documentaries ought to do: It poses serious questions, then steps out of the argument.
The overlap of politics and religion is precisely what gives the film an interest beyond the curious practices with which some parents raise their children.
One of those documentaries so well crafted you should wonder what was left on the cutting-room floor.
It might be too much to ask for a little more diversity in the movie's subjects. Aren't there any boring, conventionally innocent kids marching in God's army?
Camp, pardon the pun, is preaching to the converted, and it isn't strong enough to sway anyone sitting on the fence.
Jesus Camp will present 1,000 questions on faith, trust, and humanity that are not easily answered; it's a film impossible to ignore.
Unfair and riveting and alarming and highly watchable -- but outrageously unfair.
Perhaps Jesus Camp will awaken some slumbering minds to two truths on which both sides of this religious debate might agree.
I think they've failed to ask questions that might help their movie cohere. But, even in the pile where the movie leaves them, those questions stand out as timely and chilling.
It makes an unsettling case that America is fast becoming the thing it professes to hate.
Directors Heidi Ewing and Rachel Grady let the details speak for themselves.
You don't have to be extreme or liberal to be shaken by Jesus Camp.
As a documentary, Jesus Camp could lose its haunted-house score and contrapuntal Air America refrains and still deliver its message...
The film's strengths emerge in its willingness to listen (if not agree), and to give Pastor Fisher and her flock plenty of rope to hang themselves with.
It stares into the face of faith run amok, and for those willing to follow its gaze, it provides sad revelations.
The filmmakers are out to demonize, not humanize, which means their movie ends up preaching to the liberal choir instead of shedding any real light into the evangelical Christian movement.
Filmmakers Heidi Ewing and Rachel Grady lump all evangelicals together, failing to distinguish the more fundamentalist Pentecostals, and they've clumsily inserted some unnecessary editorializing from talk-radio host Mike Papantonio.
...can be draining for those, like myself, who get enough of these people already in our daily lives
No, belief I cannot quibble with. What I can complain about is outright stupidity.
This startling documentary -- a voyage deep into the culture of American evangelical Christianity -- is a superior species of agitprop.
You know what they say, folks: it's a free country. If Jesus Camp scares you, better start brainwashing some little heathens of your own.
Every scene is loaded enough to infuriate some and to rouse others.
Ewing and Grady have created a terrific catalyst for religious and political discourse.
Whether you are a religious, churchgoing person or not, if you are the least bit liberal or tolerant in your world view, this has got to be one of the most unnerving films of the year.
Often funny (just listen to Becky fulminate against Harry Potter), but it's also a scary, sobering inside look at the attempts of an increasingly powerful group to erode the separation of church and state.
What Ewing and Grady have accomplished here is remarkable -- capturing the visceral humanity, desire and unflagging political will of a religious movement.
The ominous tolling bell of documentaries.
The compassionate god of love so evident in the Sermon on the Mount is nowhere to be found in the documentary JESUS CAMP
Definitely eye opening, despite lacking a larger scope.
The scariest movie of the season by far...a fine, thought-provoking documentary.
Ewing and Grady have accomplished something of a miracle with Jesus Camp...at once explosive and unbiased.
JESUS CAMP should be seen as it demonstrates the extremes to which the Religious Right will go to push its agenda.
Grady and Ewing's depiction of this modern-day children's crusade is remarkably unbiased.
Riveting, profoundly unsettling yet remarkably even-handed.
It knows what it's looking for and, once it finds it, it serves it up to its own chosen audience of Blue Staters. It's the flip side of its own subjects. It's preaching to the unconverted.
Though it would have benefited from a more detached approach, this is a vital look at a subculture that remains foreign to many New Yorkers -- despite its growing influence over all our lives.
[Ewing and Grady] take the techniques of the Jesus campers too close to heart: Admit no doubt and keep preaching until they've got the point.
This riveting documentary explores Kids on Fire, a summer camp in Devils Lake, N.D., that grooms children to be soldiers in 'God's army'.
Evangelism's views on science and politics are so polarizing that almost any viewer, whether Orthodox, agnostic, or atheist, is bound to have an elemental reaction from the first shot of six-year-olds weeping in religious ecstasy.
You don't have to be an extremist liberal to find any minute of Jesus Camp more frightening than the entirety of Village of the Damned.
You may not be fond of what looks like a cult, but the doc does present a case for the camp.
The doc these kids would make with flea market camcorders couldn't possibly be as ugly as this absurdly hypocritical critique of the far right's role in escalating the culture war.
A frightening, infuriating, yet profoundly compassionate documentary about the indoctrination of children by the Evangelical right.
The most chilling horror movie of the year.
Filmmakers Heidi Ewing and Rachel Grady, who also focused on children in last year's poignant The Boys of Baraka, provide a fascinating glimpse of kids' role in the evangelical movement's political agenda.
If you're a liberal, this is a must! Know your enemy!
This isn't the blind leading the blind, but it is the visually impaired leading the blind. Disturbing.
Cut to the flickering images of children writhing in a spiritual trance on a chapel floor while being hectored about the glory of dying for Christ, and one knows exactly where the first Christian suicide bombers will come from.
A wake-up call for liberals and progressive Christians about the training of evangelical children soldiers in the culture wars.
A piercing portrait of innocence perverted.
Ewing and Grady cover the proceedings thoroughly, although, considering the intense and fertile subject matter, it would have been hard to screw it up... the filmmakers rightly limit their scope to the camp and its participants.
Though too narrowly focused, considering the magnitude of its subject, religious brainwashing, docu is nonetheless relevant in pointing some of the educational and political effects of fanataic youth camps, in which kids are trained to be Jesus soldiers
Like the filmmakers' award-winning Boys of Baraka, Jesus Camp examines the relationship between education and social context.






@highlight

Evangelical indoctrination is given an unflinching, even-handed look in this utterly worthwhile documentary.