Newcomer Johnny Flynn is the shining star of this rather mesmerising music movie that hits the right notes.
Song One seems unabashedly fond of romantic rooftop wee-hours hangouts in front of Manhattan skyline bokeh backdrops. It's all tenderness and no cynicism in this little world.
[Anne] Hathaway emotes prettily, but this slight picture evaporates on contact.
t's the scenes without music that feel false, and Song One has far too many of them.
There's something just too precious about it all.
If you're a Hathaway fan, this will be worth your time; she's in every scene, and builds a convincingly tense relationship with screen mom Mary Steenburgen. But if you're looking for the next Once, well, this isn't it.
Writer/director Kate Barker-Froyland doesn't bother to disguise Song One as something it's not.
"Song One" is an enjoyable watch, but an even better listen, its songs bringing a thoughtful melodic glow to modestly endearing material.
There are only so many scenes of Hathaway tearing up while either a) staring at her brother or b) watching James strum his guitar that one can take.
There's a sweet melody without much accompaniment in this slight romance.
Despite the delicate shadings Hathaway brings to the role, Song One moves inexorably from wan to wearying.
It doesn't always add up to much more than a smile and a tear, but the music and the acting are just good enough to make this "Song" sing.
Kate Barker-Froyland's musical melodrama isn't particularly deep in the dramatic department, but hits a few key notes when it comes to its music.
There are no real surprises here, just lives played out quietly and succinctly under the seductive spell of music.
Anne Hathaway downshifts into sullen-indie-melancholy mode.
Angsty musical romance has great songs, uneven plot.
This is about people bonding over tragedy, the demanding grind of the music industry, and the soothing effect of a good, earnest melody; only good at one of these.
In her feature debut, writer/director Kate Barker-Froyland tends to tiptoe away from the dramatic high notes that audiences often crave and comes up a stanza or two short from a fulfilling resolution.
The film, like the world it's part of, remains just a little too precious, a little too self-involved, a little too insular. Instead of singing out, directly to us, it hums its little tune only to itself.
Starts off as a singularly strong slice-of-life drama before dissipating into thin air.
Anyone with the slightest allergy to emo-tinged millennial attitudinizing should steer clear.
When the film mercifully cuts from Hathaway sitting by her brother's bedside to scenes of her having a love affair with a popular folk singer, one realizes how comparatively action-packed it was to watch her sitting by the bedside.
Commendably, Ms. Barker-Froyland resists the urge to tidy up loose ends. And if her leads remain locked in a romance-novel connection ... at least it's one in which the smart girl gets the boy.
It seems thin despite its first-rate cast, which includes two Academy Award winners.
Take away the Brooklyn chic and the medical emergency, and "Song One" is a pretty good study-hall daydream.
Like the music, which is easy on the ears though never catchy, the movie doesn't stick with you. Once it's over, it's gone.
Barker-Froyland has more than romance on her mind, and she crafts a nuanced ending to the story that feels right. We just wish we could have gotten to know these folks a little better along the way.
There's something icky about a life-threatening coma that serves no function except to engineer a meet-cute.
Loving the movie is out of the question - there simply isn't enough here - but writer-director Kate Barker-Froyland's feature debut is certainly a likable effort.
Not enough happens in Song One for the movie to really qualify as unpredictable, but it deserves credit for a steadfast avoidance of melodrama in a story that practically begs for it.
"Song One" makes no grand promises beyond the moments these people share, but those are intimately rendered and well worth celebrating.
There's a short film in Song One, or maybe a heart-wrenching song. Sometimes less is more, and that's all there is to say.
It doesn't entirely work, especially to those who might find the live performance angle of the feature rough on the ears, but "Song One" is encouragingly earnest.
Despite strong chemistry between Hathaway and Flynn, Song One is too slight and familiar, like a weak cover of an emotionally buoyant ballad.
Captures a similar, unselfconscious beauty in the way music can make sense of big, ungainly emotions - as James puts it, "for three to five whole minutes."
It all seems like low-key riffing, rather than a movie that makes any cohesive statement.
A glum, pedestrian attempt at a "real world" musical that ultimately feels as artificial as a ritzy Broadway show.
He's got writer's block, she's waiting out the brother's coma, and the audience is left to wait out the inevitable resolution to both hoary plotlines.
Fading out long before it's able to cohere into anything memorable, Song One has its heart in the right place (on its sleeve) -- it's just in desperate need of a few strong hooks.
The mellow chemistry between Hathaway and Flynn fits the mood of the film, even if their characters' tentative relationship could use more tangible conflict. A touch more humor wouldn't have hurt, either.
An emotionally rich drama about the healing powers of music.
Sweet, watchable and musical, though it never amounts to much of anything
An earnest but underwhelming romantic drama set in the live music scene of Williamsburg, Brooklyn.
This snapshot of catharsis follows a familiar trajectory, but Kate Barker-Froyland refreshingly resists elevating her characters' relationship to the level of grandiose.
Franny's an enigma when Song One begins, and I can't say that she comes into sharp focus even by the conclusion. For a first-timer, Barker-Froyland is confident enough to let that mystery linger.
The songs, most of which were composed by Indie legends Jonathan Rice and Jenny Lewis, are truly highlights of the film, but in reality, they aren't enough to add any significant amount of cohesion to the story.
A film like this should have no problem rounding up an audience looking for an easy, romantic tune to follow, but those hoping for something more will find Song One is a little out of rhythm.
...Song One is well intentioned, well-shot and has its musical heart in the right place, but it often feels incredibly familiar, and the more contrived, credulity-straining moments don't help.
Writer-director Kate Barker-Froyland's debut feature is a mournful number, held back by an uncertain performance by Flynn and an alienating reverence for the restorative power of middling indie-folk.
Perhaps the cleverest thing about Barker-Froyland's delicately contrived debut is how uncontrived she manages to make it seem.

@highlight

Song One has plenty of earnest charm, but that isn't enough to overcome its slight, familiar story.