In an age where even animated flicks are designed for consumption for the junior and senior of our species, this film somehow manages to take the intelligence of children for granted.
It's a lazy, cheap, nonsensical ploy to separate you from your money.
A harmless kids' toon that's probably the least annoying Schneider vehicle in years.
A uniquely charmless motion picture, owing in no small part to the hideous, "attach a corpse to a car battery" quality of the herky-jerky animation.
If you spent 86 minutes crawling through a snowbank while clad only in a bathing suit, it would probably be a more rewarding experience than sitting through Norm of the North.
Norm of the North is a rancid excursion into well-intentioned animated chaos that proves to be an excruciating endurance test no one of sound mind or body should ever attempt to watch, and that includes their children.
With its strangely adult plot about global warming and real estate development and its mediocre animation style, Norm of the North is one to skip.
Norm of the North is nothing but wasted potential.
When stacked up against the Disneys, Pixars and Illuminations of the world, this comparatively modest, lower-tier family film hailing from Lionsgate is middling and kind of lame.
All in all, Norm of the North is one big ball of mess. Uninvolving, unfunny and visually inferior to its peers, this is a straight-to-DVD production at best. How it managed to sneak its way onto the big-screen, we will never know.
In spite of the positive message on the preservation of the wild, the film falls short in the supposedly comedically inclined moments.
Will the toddlers in the audience remember Norm's environmental campaign as they grow up? Perhaps.
Bland, derivative family entertainment Norm Of The North merely underlines the craft and imagination that goes into the Pixar titles.
Plays like a bargain-bin mashup of tropes lifted from Happy Feet, Madagascar, Ice Age et al.
The eco-message is rather vague, the villain not particularly villainous, and the jokes fall flat.
It's all fine without being too exciting.
Cheap and cheerless, Norm's appeal melts faster than the polar ice.
Norm of the North doesn't even make the grade in terms of animation, which is shoddy throughout.
The eco friendly message gets lots in bad taste jokes and gags. [Full review in Spanish]
For an idea of how little Norm of the North can do with its material, consider a scene where a polar bear visits a high-end sushi restaurant. And then watch it go nowhere, like an ice floe broken adrift. Kind of like the whole movie.
The Indo-American animation is focused for young audiences, as the story, dialogue and characters are attractive to them, but will be difficult for adults to enjoy. [Full Review in spanish]
As sub-par as the Arctic is sub-zero, Norm of the North is a lumbering snooze. Even some bad puns would have at least made Norm of the North a little more bearable.
The movie is a shapeless mess that lands with a pathetic thud.
It's very difficult to find a positive to take from the Norm of the North experience, and it's unlikely anyone will decipher its muddled eco-friendly message from all the chaos.
We're adding glasses to all the smart characters so kids will know they're smart. I know it's a bit more money but quality isn't free.
A family film that mixes its ecological, environmental message with a familiar self-empowerment lesson is hardly original, yet Norm has oodles of charm, a razor-sharp wit and pacing that should keep even preschoolers attentive.
Stale and trivial, it's a charmless, blandly boring 93-minute interlude.
For the tots, the film is blandly inoffensive enough to offer some Saturday afternoon entertainment, but this isn't one of those crossover hits that parents can enjoy just as much as their kids.
Neither its animation nor voice performances are particularly memorable, but Norm of the North, especially in its early section set in the Arctic, has its appealing moments.
'Norm of the North' is truly 'January junk.'
Told in a chaotic fashion, the movie jumps from scene to scene without a lot of continuity.
...Norm of the North needs to be put back in the bottom of the Walmart bargain bin where it belongs.
It's got elements of Happy Feet, Madagascar, Despicable Me, Ice Age, and any number of other films. But most of these elements go nowhere.
It's doubtful that even the least discriminating children will settle for this level of shameless pandering.
Last year at this time we had "Paddington" to relieve the blahs. Unfortunately, "Norm of the North" is no "Paddington!"
"Norm of the North" clearly is not on a par with the many superb animated films of 2015, so anyone who takes their kids to this should attend with lowered expectations.
Conservation-themed animal tale has lots of potty humor.
You might expect a clichéd fish-out-of-water comedy. But, no. Norm of the North is so lazy, sloppy and confusing, it can't even pull off clichés.
The film's visual style is extremely basic, and the lame jokes and scattered storytelling make you appreciate how focused the best animated films are.
Think of every trope associated with animated family movies and you'll find them all in Norm of the North, a thoroughly uninspired story of a polar bear attempting to save his habitat from a hypocritical hippie seeking to develop condos in the Arctic.
Takes familiar elements from numerous other, better made, animated features and tries to Frankenstein them together, but ultimately forgets the most important element of all: charm.
big songs, perfunctory plot, and indestructible lemmings who are just a little too free with some of their bodily functions.
Norm of the North may keep undiscriminating children pacified for 86 minutes, but there's nothing here for anyone with an IQ higher than freezing temperatures.
There just isn't anything special or interesting enough to engage anyone above the four or five-year-old level. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Crude Humor, Scary Scenes, etc. - Also Available)
The animation already looks dated, and it feels as lazy as the bland narrative, which finds Norm traveling to New York City to try stop construction on his home.
Norm of the North may be just fine for the youngest of kids [...] but for anyone over a certain age or IQ, it's likely to be fairly mind-numbing.
A bland, nearly incompetent animated movie that assumes kids can only be entertained by the sights of a dancing polar bear, of "cute and marketable" lemmings (the movie's own description) urinating in an aquarium, and of a bird defecating on people.
A little "Happy Feet," a bit of "Madagascar" and "Ice Age." And the whole doesn't add up to much at all.
Norm's three virtually indestructible lemmings are retreads of "Madagascar's" lemurs, except they specialize in pee and fart jokes. The movie even ends with - are you ready? - a dance off.
Norm of the North is more ursa minor than ursa major.
There is no nuance to the animation or detail in the visuals; the whole thing looks like it was slapped together in time for the crew to hit happy hour at Bennigan's.
Even the trait that should endear the audience to Norm, his infamous " Arctic Shake," in which the bear goes into uncontrollable fits of dancing and twerking, becomes unbearable to watch.
It's possible that director Trevor Wall and his associates at Splash Entertainment and Telegael went into this with the best of intentions and really do believe they've made a family film for the ages. But they haven't. This is garbage.
Not awful, but it is also not special, not new, not funny, and not that interesting.
We had to wait 12 months to see the dumbest and most superficial animated kid's comedy of 2015. In 2016, we only had to wait 15 days.
"Norm of the North" feels as if it intended to be a better movie, but got confused along the way.
While the film, with its preponderance of potty jokes, might placate the very young already primed by boisterous singing chipmunks, older viewers will likely find it all harder to, uh, bear.
No. No. Just no. No child should be exposed to this.
If I wasn't already convinced of this movie's obnoxiousness, its rendering of Graham's character sealed the deal.
The title character of "Norm of the North" may be a bear, but the movie is a dog. Actually, that assessment is unfair to dogs - real, anthropomorphic and metaphorical.
The animation and character work is TV-level: so frenetic so that no real artistry is needed, but not so busy that you keep from noticing how the same background humans are repeated throughout. (I know it's a small world after all, but still.)
[Wall's] visually unimaginative style ... may work, barely, in increments of fifteen minutes or less, but fails to engage over 90 minutes on the big screen.
Unbearable...so ill-conceived that it will insult the intelligence of a kindergartener.
When even the fearless/shameless Ken Jeong doesn't appear to have done more than show up and collect his paycheck, you know the movie's in trouble.
Not since Bratz has this writer seen a screenplay so carelessly written, a sort of "Dear John" letter to Hollywood that goes out of its way to paint actors and directors as megalomaniacal idiots.
Norm of the North seeks to blend a little Happy Feet with a side of The Penguins of Madagascar and a slice of Minions, but this cheap-looking animation studded with unfunny jokes deserves an ice-floe send-off.
Your children deserve better.

@highlight

A pioneering feat in the field of twerking polar bear animation but blearily retrograde in every other respect, Norm of the North should only be screened in case of parental emergency.