Dialog is still witty enough to keep us laughing, but the characters are now saddled with contrived plotlines, corny slapstick and some feeble attempts at sentimentality.
The strain is showing in this third entry, with too many of the characters placed in developmental holding patterns and too much of the storyline given over to daft contrivances.
Fans will be pleased enough with the slapstick and musical offerings here. Rebel Wilson, again, owns the film with her pleasantly abrasive wit, her broad appeal spiced by the fact that this is her first movie to come out after her libel case victory.
...a festive film. [Full Review in Spanish]
This third delivery ends up having the best numbers and the most ingenious mash-up's of the franchise. [Full Review in Spanish]
The film has a bigger budget than the previous outings - glitzy European locations, star cameos and so on - but none of the charm.
The musical part is still a guilty pleasure. [Full Review in Spanish]
If ever a flimsy film franchise was going to fold in on itself by instalment three, you would bet the house it would be Pitch Perfect.
The film's message - about moving on and letting go of the past - is one that it seems incapable of taking on board.
For all its frivolity, fans should be more than satisfied with this final run around the track.
As a fan of the original, I was let down. Hopefully that'll be the end of the series.
Whatever else is true of the movie, the cast is having fun, and Anna Kendrick gives phenomenal reaction shots.
The pitch might not be perfect but might appeal to fans of the franchise.
This franchise ran out of steam halfway through the credit crawl on the first movie, and there's been nothing but garbage-in-garbage-out since then.
Pitch Perfect 3 is a great example of many things, such as "milking an idea dry", "continued diminishing returns", "the wearing out of a welcome", and "not knowing when to stop".
... ends the trilogy with so much blunder... [Full review in Spanish]
Should future encores take the stage, we can only hope they have a little more verve and imagination than this one.
The biggest cause of the film's problems lies in the B story in which Amy's father, played by John Lithgow sporting a horrendous Australian accent, shows up trying to reconnect.
I also really liked the closing musical number quite a little bit, and if Pitch Perfect 3 ends up being the Bellas' a cappella swan song, for my part I can't help but feel the entire group goes out on something of a satisfying high note.
As the movie wraps - and it really does feel like it's a tidy wrap up and a goodbye to them - you might even realize how much you'll miss them in the future.
It's good for nostalgia and a sense of closure, but it isn't much of a movie.
A movie we've seen and heard before, fresher, cuter and five years ago.
Director Trish Sie (she made that fantastic OK Go music video with the band dancing on treadmills) keeps the film bubbling along with the usual mix of deceptive smarts and sheer exuberance.
Pitch Perfect 3 trusts that its audience has seen the first two movies and banks on the characters' established charm.
It's just a shame that despite some funny moments, Pitch Perfect 3 isn't quite the same quality of material as before, meaning the Bellas close on something of a bum note.
Pitch Perfect 3 is like watching The Voice, wishing my theater chair could swivel around.
Pitch Perfect 3 is so breezy it's completely weightless, but it manages to deliver just enough of the goods.
Pitch Perfect 3 is a satisfying farewell to a franchise that pretty much said everything it needed to say the first time out.
The series limps its way to the finish line with a weak, not particularly funny effort.
The real hit of this third PP outing comes, as ever, from the cast.
The plot is paper-thin and too much of the comedy is reliant on the one-note battering ram that is Rebel Wilson.
A comic franchise that has stayed loosely in tune with reality now goes screeching off into nonsense, with no good jokes to show for it.
Pitch Perfect 3 gives itself nothing to hang a story on. Worse, it does the inverse of its sister films, disempowering its characters rather than empowering them.
A-ca-trocious.
This is a movie that wants you to laugh and enjoy the music, not engage in analysis.
It's time for the Barden Bellas to either exit stage left or be dragged off by the hook.
The threequel goes for a big finale, but ends up flat when it strains to rope in new genres.
A typically winning central turn from Kendrick and some Pitch Perfect staples just about save the day.
The plots of the Pitch Perfect films are never complex, and this one seems especially rudimentary. But it doesn't matter because the frothy charms of the first two films have been equalled and possibly even bettered by Pitch Perfect 3.
Pitch Perfect finally leaves the stage. And after a solid performance too.
A farewell has never been so silly, sweetly disarming and serious fun as Pitch Perfect 3.
Someone get masterful video game director Hideo Kojima on the line and throw out the idea for Metal Gear Fat Amy
The second, and now third installments have turned into meandering messes with few jokes that land and a cast that, while talented, doesn't really get to do much.
Out of tune.
My God, what a bad movie! I was in a cappella Hell. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, etc. - also Available)
There are times when "Pitch Perfect 3" is so slapdash, it almost looks like Sie is filming rehearsals.
Pitch Perfect 3 moves too much into comedy-action territory to truly feel like the scrappy musical this trilogy started out being.
If this really is the last "Pitch Perfect" movie, I hate to contradict that "Cups" song, but we're not going to miss them when they're gone, when they're gone.
Pitch Perfect 3, like so many movies with the dreaded 3 after the title, is a misfire.
It feels as if this party is over and it is time to call it a day.
This swan song is in serious need of some Auto-Tune.
As surprising and unlikely as it may seem, the third time is finally and most definitely the charm for this series.
Of course this sort of thing lapses into cliché soon enough. One anticipates the hallmarks of the series in much the way one expects jump-scares in a horror film.
The Top Secret of a capella competition movies.
When a franchise descends to jokes about how it's run out of ideas, and setting things on fire, not once but twice, it's one movie past time to stop.
As a whole, Pitch Perfect 3 feels like an encore nobody asked for.
The fact that DJ Khaled - a man who is to acting what a car is to a swimming lesson - is not the worst thing in Pitch Perfect 3 should tell you a lot.
The movie is best when it's focused on the music (prepare to hear the dorkiest version of "Toxic" more times than is healthy), not the silly subplots that have a way of sprouting up around third chapters.
Pitch Perfect 3 delivers a swansong worth listening to, but it probably won't be a favorite on your playlist.
The final pitch is a big miss.
The wafer-thin plot barely sustains the songs and romance.
Although I do think PP fans will be satisfied with the finale, let's hope this is the last redux for these pitches.
The film feels like a flimsy attempt to get The Bellas back together. It's bereft of good ideas and tone deaf in terms of decent dialogue.
Pitch Perfect 3 is not exactly the epitome of 21st century, post-Weinstein, feminist cinema.
This last (?) encore feels a little tired, but fans will still feel the urge to raise their lighters/glowing phones.
The third and final installment in the "Pitch Perfect" franchise is aca-blah.
Aca-nough already.
The knock-kneed buoyancy of the ensemble performances ensures the box office-friendly franchise goes out on a (relatively) high note even if its girl power message feels clubbed to death.
These are presumably independent young adults - most of the lead actresses are in their 30s now - continuing to wrestle with 18-year-old problems. And when they finally take the stage, it's hard to care.
An off-key dismantling of what made the concept work in the first place.
[Rebel Wilson's] sassy fightin' moves during a gleefully preposterous hostage rescue jumpstart "Pitch Perfect 3" when even the trilogy capper's signature a cappella sometimes can't.
A coarse, ugly, pointlessly action-packed reminder that every modestly sharp and amusing property must eventually be converted, by the commercial logic of Hollywood, into a soul-killing cash grab.
With a plot as unfocused as its freshly graduated characters, the shaggy "Pitch Perfect 3" gets by on karaoke logic: What makes for a good time isn't the song you sing, but the company you keep.
It's just the same movie over and over, until the end of time and everybody dies, in which case "Pitch Perfect 45: A-Ca-Wait-Are-We-Dead?" might be a thing.
The slim charms of the previous movies have been tossed away in favor of cringe-inducing cattiness and a ridiculous plot. There's barely even any music. Aca-palling.
The show's over. We're pitched out. Aca-exit stage left.
The new third entry in the series isn't interested in character development or logical storylines or anything resembling innovation. It's lazy and limp and profoundly weird, and not in any meaningful way a "good movie."
It hasn't jumped the shark, exactly, but it does send its singing Bellas jumping off an exploding yacht. Because that's what a cappella competitions are about!
Teenage boys get their shape-shifting robots, angry cars, and space wars, so if the Bellas want to sing "Oops I Did It Again" on a rocket, let them have it.
Uneven series finale is best when there's music.
Despite the on-screen intelligence of Kendrick, plus a screenplay co-written by Mike White, this is a near-plotless, slapdash comedy marked by low-energy improvisation and strained slapstick.
... it's a pity that the storytelling in Pitch Perfect 3 is so absolutely off key.
A total delight, thanks to its proven formula of clever pop arrangements, dry humor and superb casting.
Unfortunately, it takes a sharp detour and goes down the action route, which ends up misfiring.
"Pitch Perfect 3," the final chapter in the trilogy of female-forward non-instrumental musical movies, is in many ways the perfect wrap-up.
Passably diverting but altogether lazy, "Pitch Perfect 3" has been described in its promotional campaign as the Bellas' "farewell tour." Perhaps it really is time to say good-bye.
'Pitch Perfect 3' may not recreate the quirky charm of the original film, but the Bellas are in prime form and remind you why you followed them on their journey three movies later.
With a thinnier, sillier story than ever before, the threequel is left with its twin pillars of appeal: musical performances by the core cast, and shtick, also by the core cast.
Pitch Perfect 3 is so bad that it's hard to comprehend how it even exists.
[If you must], come for the jokes, the song and dance numbers, and the female camaraderie. Stay for... well, for those things
Pitch Perfect 3 offers a satisfying conclusion to the a capella series, but sacrifices heart and substance for bizarre, over-the-top story choices.
In saying goodbye to its fans, the third and last movie has gone sappy, turning its driven women into star-struck fangirls, eager for the approval of DJ Khaled (playing himself), whom they consider a star-maker.
The Bellas become action stars (of sorts) in a sequel that fails to hit the high notes of the first movie, but which nonetheless delivers laughs.
The Bellas aren't invested in the film's competition, and the filmmakers' aren't invested in it, and you probably won't be, either. So why bother even having one?
Women deserve a better vehicle for demonstrating the power of female solidarity than this empty money grab.
If its swan song sometimes feels more like a wild goose chase, plotwise (or maybe a day-drunk penguin), the sheer nutty charisma of its sprawling cast still carries the series out on a pretty sweet high note.
Pitch Perfect 3 is aca-awful - and dangerously regressive with its views on female empowerment.
But it also ends with a sentimentality I didn't buy - the Bellas don't seem to particularly care about each other outside of a competitive setting, so why should we?
While this has a few laugh-out-loud moments, overall, this is an adequate farewell performance that too often falls flat and feels off-key.
As it jumps from one song to the next, the flimsy plot and occasionally amusing one-liners move to a generic beat but there's enough energy in the musical numbers to deliver cheesy and diverting fun.
A tired retread of better jokes in the first two movies, this drags along to an admittedly heartwarming conclusion.
It may all sound exceedingly absurd, and it is, but Pitch Perfect 3 zips along for a snappy hour-and-a-half and rarely falters. Rebel Wilson is on buoyant form and her pithy gags are as fresh as ever.
It's got to be a basic rule of cinema in 2017 that no one should pay to watch a Pitch Perfect movie, only to get something visually identical to what Brett (Rush Hour) Ratner turned in when he was still employable.
'Pitch Perfect 3' is a sequel that hates its franchise, hates its characters and thus hates itself.
Gross, messy, unapologetic, awkward, stumbling - the women of Pitch Perfect are far from flawless, but the franchise never congratulates itself for that. Newsflash: This is how real women are.
The third outing in the "Pitch Perfect" franchise is like a pop song remix that retains some of what you love about the original, while throwing in an out-of-nowhere bridge and an unwelcome guest verse.
If you google the phrase 'Law of Diminishing Returns', the chances are Pitch Perfect 3 will be somewhere among the results.
Pitch Perfect 3 doesn't make any effort at structure or coherence. Indeed, it turns its lack of interest in such things into a good self-regarding joke.
There's still pleasure to be had in hanging out with this snarky, sappy ensemble. But for a movie that preaches the importance of moving on, "Pitch Perfect 3" is the result of filmmakers trying to cash in one too many times on past success.
A strange hodgepodge of genres and tones, right down to a particularly off-putting mid-section montage that serves as a classic move-the-story-along device.
The Bellas' musical journey has been stretched into a thin whimper.
Whatever charms the first two movies possessed (and they were considerable thanks to the talented and appealing cast) have been thoroughly lost in this soulless installment.
The movie is bubbly, it's fast, it's hella synthetic-clever, and it's an avid showcase for the personalities of its stars ...
It looks like these performers are genuinely enjoying themselves, and it's infectious. Despite the preposterous escapades and the self-destructive satire, at the end of it all, there's something real left standing.
An entertaining if lifeless sequel, failing to capture the fun and vivacity of the first two films. Something of a Greatest Hits album thrown into the shops in time for Christmas.
If Pitch Perfect 1 was eager-to-please, Pitch Perfect 3 is the film equivalent of the DNGAF hashtag. Franchises grow up so fast.
...not so much a story as a victory lap...
Once the USO tour is set into motion, it falls to Wilson to provide much of the humor here, and she is a skilled enough comic to push the narrative over most of its hurdles. But even she can't quite finesse or explain John Lithgow.
If you hated how empowering the Pitch Perfect movies were for women, then you'll love how demeaning and abrasive the latest sequel is!

@highlight

Pitch Perfect 3 strains to recapture the magic that helped the original spawn a franchise, but ends up sending this increasingly unnecessary trilogy out on a low note.