A bad movie is still a bad movie, no matter how enjoyable; Big Game is merely the best a bad movie can be.
It's quite a fun ride and will be inspiring for pre-teen boys who need heroes other than the comic-book kind.
It's the kind of film that is so enjoyable that feels so brief; it seems to end just when it should get good. [Full review in Spanish]
Big Game offers audiences an uncomplicated, affectionate and entertaining homage to the action-adventure of cinema past.
Without the unusual Finnish elements, this would have been a far more mundane Game.
Sometimes, one needs well-made, mindless entertainment in the middle of the summer, and Big Game delivers just that -- joyous, senseless entertainment without making you feel like you've just had a lobotomy.
The black humor of Big Game's implausibility wonderfully complements the usually over-wrought notion of a terrorist attack.
Everything that is good about Big Game can be summed up in two words and one letter -- Samuel L Jackson.
The ensuing action is reliably ridiculous, but Tommila's plucky boy and Jackson's hapless president make an amusing double act.
The ensuing action-adventure may promise more than it ultimately delivers but remains fun for long periods.
"Big Game" won't be reinventing the wheel or anything else any time soon, but there is a certain amiableness to its slick, no-nonsense, unapologetic adherence to formula.
There's an specious, death-defying maniacal glee afoot in this outlandish outdoors thriller. Big Game is a foreigner's vision of American conspiracy theory run amok.
This is one of Jackson's best performances in years -- his POTUS is just self-aware enough to be fun instead of stuffy. And the kid's not bad either.
The story penned by Helander with Petri Jokiranta goes heavy on the hokum, not to mention the CGI fireworks, but a dialled-down Jackson and a fired-up Tommila make for an entertaining pair.
An old-school boys' adventure story [that's] absurdly outlandish but ridiculously enjoyable.
A ridiculous, escapist action-adventure, destined for popularity on the Netflix queue.
Big Game never aims higher than slight entertainment, and it achieves that goal.
... strains to replicate mainstream Hollywood action flicks instead of emphasizing the differences that make it unique.
A crazy, imaginative concept executed for maximum awesomeness.
Action adventure is entertaining despite hard-to-buy plot.
A silly, campy, delightfully implausible and unrepentant B-movie. If you liked Samuel L. Jackson in Snakes on a Plane and Kingsman, you'll love him in this!
The film boasts a big game, but in this case, it gives us everything we expect.
Slick action-pop that's ludicrous, but never dumb. The screenplay has a dark, wicked sense of humor that compliments the impressive action sequences. Big fun.
From the mad Helsinki filmmaker who brought us "Rare Exports: A Christmas Tale?" C'mon.
I had a really good time watching this movie, remembering the simple pleasures of a goofy, ripping yarn. Big Game is huge fun.
There are times when it seems impossible that it could possibly exist as a real thing and not just as a parody trailer that accidentally got inflated to feature length.
If Steven Spielberg, Michael Bay, and Tim Burton collaborated on an Amblin-style adventure with rocket launchers it might look something like Big Game.
Helander avoids the mistake of taking the story too seriously. It's a crazy premise and he embraces it in a way that's easier to accept than other president in jeopardy films.
The storyline is far from fresh. But the location is, and it is excitingly filmed and engagingly performed.
Gleefully dumb but eager to entertain, this is cheeseball stuff baked with deliciously outsized performances and low comedy and photographed across mighty beautiful landscapes.
Mr. Jackson has never seemed so unblustery; his scenes with the younger actor have ease and humor. The authority is there but also the soul you'd want from the leader of the free world.
"Big Game" never once feels credible, and that's why it's so entertaining. Almost nothing that takes place in this movie could occur in the real world, and there's something comforting about that.
As a throwback, Big Game understands the thrills of retro action but never earns its big moments.
It seems only fair now to let kids from every other country line up to escort Samuel L. Jackson to safety. What kinds of misadventures could he get up to in Uruguay, or Mauritania?
Off-kilter as Helander's sensibility continues to be, he's got a passion for popcorn-movie energy that can be contagious - especially when he's not trashing Santa.
While [director] Helander probably didn't want to make things too campy or tongue-in-cheek, a little of this attitude might have distracted viewers from the rent-a-villains and generic action.
While it's mostly silly, Big Game finds a way to end up satisfying.
...plays out like a dumb but surprisingly entertaining action movie, but it's laced with bits of business and dialogue that make it clear the film isn't dumb at all.
This is like fan fiction from someone who only has one genre in their Netflix queue.
It's hard to deny Big Game's infectious, charming enthusiasm. If you're going to drop a bomb, you might as well drop it with gusto.
Helander has a twisted sense of humor for sure, but a poor sense of how to to use slow-motion. He employs it so badly so often that by the time Oskari finally pulls that bowstring back, the gimmick has already numbed our senses.
At its core, Big Game is really for 10-16 year old boys who are stuck inside their house over summer vacation watching TV. Its earnest silliness almost works, but the awful CGI and Jackson's scenery chewing never jell.
It's far from original, but helmer Jalmari Helander successfully simulates the spirit of high-octane adventure for the PG-13 crowd.
If nothing else, Finnish writer-director Jalmari Helander has a knack for cooking up premises so absurd that they can't help but intrigue.
The audience is treated to jaw-dropping action sequences, enhanced by awesome special effects and staggering cinematography.
"Big Game" is goofy fun, whether Jackson is rolling down a hill in a freezer, the kid is trying to stop a bazooka with an arrow, or we're witnessing other stunts that are just too preposterous to describe.
If nothing else, Helander has properly schooled his actors on just what this film is, and they respond by playing their parts with infectious gusto.
I was highly prepared to tell you that "Big Game" was cynical garbage and that nobody involved gave a damn - but the thing is, that simply isn't true.
The film knows it's dumb but isn't very smart about the key ingredient: a two-fishes-out-of-water story that doesn't let the heroes outsmart the villains.
seems to throw in a few too many incredible stunts
Neither Jackson nor the "Rare Exports" writer-director are gonzo enough to make this come off.
Predictably ridiculous.
Big Game is a bonanza of big fun.
A refreshingly simple action movie.
Often hilarious and even a tiny bit moving.
Big Game is great fun, yet Helander in his second feature shows that he can handle monumental logistics as well as laughs.
A tightly scripted action film with really sharp character work, some big smart set pieces, and a clear sense of how to make sure everyone watching is having fun.
The rambling conversations and endless wandering through nature could let the film pass for a filler episode of Lost.
Big Game is a feel-good, old fashioned Spielberg style kids of all ages movie; full of adventure, action, and moments of aww.
Big Game is a film which, despite its hackneyed writing, is imbued with charm and humour.
A kid rescues the President. It sounds like a joke movie The Onion might invent to satirize Hollywood preposterousness, but I swear to god, it's real.
While it's good to see Rare Exports director Jalmari Helander dropping a Hollywood A-lister into the European wilds ... this cheekily ridiculous Boy's Own adventure falls awkwardly between target audiences ...
Jalmari Helander's follow-up to the dark, cult Christmas thriller Rare Exports is a pleasing enough escapist diversion.
It's not entirely clear how much of Big Game is funny on purpose, but it hardly matters when the action is so slick and the dialogue so ripe.
Loud, daft and explosive, it's a B-movie right down to its fingertips.
Watch Big Game with a straight face and it's ridiculous; view it as tongue-in-cheek (and Rare Exports proved that Helander has a wicked sense of humour) and, if not sublime, it's certainly entertaining.
It all comes together in a satisfyingly preposterous finale. It even dares to leave a deliberate loose end. Shame it leaves so many in the middle.
The action includes an amusing scene featuring a chest freezer and a helicopter.
Its tongue-in-cheek humour and lapidary one-liners are combined with some well-staged stunts.
Yes, the film's clunky. Yes, it's dumb. But it's fashioned with such charm that it's also lovable, poignant and funny - one scene paying homage to ET had me in stitches.
A missed opportunity, this European action romp begins with a terrific premise but never quite makes anything of it..
This is a cheap and charming throwback to action movies of the '80s and '90s, an era before spandex-clad superheroes dominated the multiplexes.
Yes, Jackson does get to call someone 'motherfucker' right before shooting them.
A minor pleasure for undemanding B movie fans.
Destined to be a big drinking game - take a sip when Broadbent bites his sandwich - but little else, this feels like a major missed opportunity.
It's a slight film, but it's amusing, pacy, action-packed and doesn't take itself remotely seriously.
...a thoroughly disappointing endeavor that could (and should) have been so much better.
A total blast with the potential to become a favorite of pre-teen boys the world over.
Big Game is the movie young kids should watch with their parents before graduating to Die Hard.
Taken in a lighthearted spirit, it's all good fun, with well-handled if increasingly improbable action.
"Big Game" isn't as witty as it thinks it is, rarely transcends the very movies it wants to knock, and its intentionally hamfisted approach isn't particularly endearing.
A sparky romp that recalls the children's action movies of the 1980s - The Goonies, The Golden Child or Home Alone - this British-Finnish co-production knows what its audience wants: big bangs, big laughs and adults looking silly.
Big Game, starring Samuel L. Jackson as the President of the United States, is a blast of spectacular, silly fun that is aware (and proud) of its own absurdity.
It feels like one of those ideas that feels like it should have been done long ago... Big Game is big fun, a terrific genre film that once again shows that the Finns can make films of this nature that rival those from anywhere else in the world.
Even before Samuel L. Jackson shows up as President of the United States and braves the Finnish countryside, it's clear that "Big Game" will be a special kind of guilty pleasure.
A fist-pumping old-meets-new school thrill ride that makes you feel like a PG-13-year-old again.

@highlight

Big Game 's enthusiastic throwback vibe will appeal to fans of low-budget '80s action movies, but co-writer/director Jalmari Helander adds a level of smarts and skill that make it more than just an homage.