The theme of human enslavement to technology is still there, but Cell does not dive any further - besides the occasional reminder about the prevalence of telecommunication devices.
Cell is empty and meaningless, though it's gloomy and slow-moving enough to feign some philosophical weight.
The phone-as-evil concept makes a fast exit as Cell morphs into a zombie-like flick that bears the unmistakable patina of Danny Boyle's 28 Days Later.
This apocalyptic horror thriller is a movie that will appeal less to fans of the genre than to technophobic grumps who reckon mobile phones turn people into mindless zombies.
The opening is a hoot and the closer would make George A. Romero quake, but much in between is as flat as Cusack's battery.
This is the undead equivalent of fast food. Some might find comfort in all these known quantities. Those looking for anything of substance would do better to wait for an upgrade.
Unlike recent zombie efforts such as The Girl with All the Gifts and Train to Busan, Williams' work offers little in the way of originality.
A deeply silly horror movie.
Despite having all the potential to be a genuinely haunting and chilling zombie flick, the script feels outdated and clunky.
Another terrible film of 2016 that not even Stephen King's name can save. [Full review in Spanish]
Too many ropey CGI effects and predictable plot turns frequently bring the narrative grinding to a halt.
Slickly made and worth the watch.
The slapdash quality to the plotting is matched by the inept film-making - the dialogue is frequently inaudible, the night scenes murkily lit.
It's not without its weird charms, but those moments are few and far between, and for the most part it's gloomy and plodding.
Gives the tired zombie survival horror subgenre a much-needed recharge.
This surprisingly clunky Stephen King adaptation starts badly and goes downhill.
A scrappily enjoyable apocalypse yarn in the vein of buddy George Romero's The Crazies, plus Cronenberg's Rabid and Danny Boyle's 28 Days Later.
Cusack and Jackson aren't on their finest acting form, and this is one to forget.
The curse of the Stephen King adaptation strikes once again in Cell, an insipid and often ludicrous adaptation of the author's 2006 tech-horror novel.
Somewhere along the way, around that sixty-minute mark, the wheel comes off an already-wobbly wagon.
A sloppy horror film with no sense of urgency, horror or paranoia. [Full review in Spanish]
Practically a zombie film that falls apart on it's second half. [Full review in Spanish]
The film has good intentions, but a poor execution. [Full review in Spanish]
Everything feels wrong, down to John Cusack's haircut: a greasy pseudo-mullet. ... You wonder if the production declined to splurge for hairdressers.
This aggravating, confusing zombie thriller now has the dishonor of being arguably the worst movie ever made based on a Stephen King novel.
Cell is somewhat faithful to its source material, just somewhat truncated-and it gets more truncated as it moves along, as if slowly running out of funds.
It tries to stick to the original Stephen King story but without the pace or cleverness. [Full review in Spanish]
What makes this movie about a zombie attack different from any other movie about a zombie attack? Nothing but its ineptitude.
The concept of humankind turning into one enormous mobile hotspot for use by an evil mastermind has legs. It's too bad Cell cuts the idea off at the knees.
Even if it weren't cheap-looking and dreary, "Cell" would still be hobbled by an entertainment landscape already lousy with zombies, and a hive-mind premise that - at least metaphorically - has been all but realized.
While the material seems suited for a ripping horror yarn, the film is missing dramatic pieces and overall enthusiasm, making it more of a summary of King's work than an engrossing, consistent adaptation.
Even King's commentary on how cyber-connectivity breeds brainlessness feels shoehorned-in - mostly limited to a few lines from a snooty private-school administrator played by Stacy Keach.
As for that finale, a zombie sing-along turns out to be the least ridiculous part.
Not a polished work of filmmaking. Some of the nighttime scenes are so poorly lit it's difficult to tell what's happening. The editing is ragged and adds to the confusion. More than a few of the supporting performances are embarrassingly amateurish.
Takes an intriguing satirical premise and dilutes whatever potency it had on the page.
The survivors never seem like anything but thinly drawn types and the sporadic attack scenes aren't especially original or scary.
It's not a good sign when a movie leaves you wishing that Eli Roth had directed it instead.
In fact, not much after the opening scene at the airport offers much in the way of surprise or horror. It all just keeps going - Cell never finds a great way to up the ante.
Eli Roth was once slated to direct, and would have been better.
The film insufficiently connects the book's prophecy with its present-day, real-world forms of realization.
'The Happening' with phones.
A run-of-the-mill zombie flick that goes through the genre motions efficiently enough but fails to live up to its credits.
Oh, so THAT'S why Cell was forgotten and pushed under the rug...
One of the worst Stephen King adaptations ever...
Let this one go to voicemail, and just re-watch 1408 instead.
As it progresses it loses its interest and impact. [Full review in Spanish]
If you want a good thriller based on a Stephen King story with the same lead actors, watch 1408 instead. Don't waste your time or money on this dramatically inert film.
Given the absurdity of the premise, Cell isn't nearly as luridly entertaining as it should be.

@highlight

Shoddily crafted and devoid of suspense, Cell squanders a capable cast and Stephen King's once-prescient source material on a bland rehash of zombie cliches.