A drastic departure from what's come before. Gone are the Shakespearean dramatics and Game of Thrones undertones, replaced instead with sleek synth riffs and the crackling energy of an '80s buddy adventure.
If your favorite part of Marvel comics was feeling that you were on a low-level acid trip, then you're going to adore this.
... a spectacular cast and a creative freedom that impresses... [Full review in Spanish]
It's undeniable; having Taika Waititi involved in your project will make it better.
When I saw this film prefaced by a trailer for the far glossier-looking Black Panther, it slightly felt, once Thor: Ragnarok started, that we were being palmed off with an hors d'oeuvre for the next, bigger thing down the line.
Cate Blanchett turns out to be an extraordinary Hela. [Full review in Spanish]
It's Hemsworth who is mostly responsible for the film's tongue-in-cheek hilarity and nails its best jokes with impeccably timed deadpan aplomb.
Thor: Ragnarok is a truly rare beast, injecting a well-worn character with a new sense of life and purpose to the point that you are absolutely itching to see what's next for the Son of Odin.
This movie is so fricken fun. Thor: Ragnarock finally embraces and accepts the world that it's in.
[Taika] Waititi succeeds in making Thor both relatable and relevant, and gives us the freakiest - and one of the best - movies in Marvel's ongoing juggernaut.
The rest of this romp, however, is as light and frothy as superhero movies-or buddy comedies-come.
Right from the start, Thor: Ragnarok feels different than its predecessors (Thor and Thor: The Dark World), more comedic in tone and lighter in palette.
The movie is fun. It set out to be fun and it succeeds in being fun...if you get people to laugh at a movie, they'll probably forgive you for the tonal discrepancies.
Where does Thor: Ragnarok fit into the ever-growing ranking of the MCU? Somewhere in the middle. It's funny enough, colorful enough, and entertaining enough to strike a chord, but it's ultimately hollow.
Thor: Ragnarok may be the third stand-alone Thor movie, but it revitalizes the franchise, as well as the superhero genre, in a way that the previous chapters have not.
Some Marvel fans balk at the level of humor brought into play in the Thor trilogy, but the comedic aspects bring a fresh energy to a genre that's been overwhelmed with seemingly dozens of epics
A good attempt to turn the solemnity of the thunder god into parody and comedy. [Full Review in Spanish]
A minor improvement over the previous installment...
Impressively, Waititi manages to retain his unique brand of humour while fulfilling his obligations to the franchise with Thor: Ragnarok.
The movie stays fun even as the funny fades. At least it's there for 90 minutes or so, longer than usual for this often grim genre. Why so serious, indeed?
Pleasingly ostentatious.
[Thor] is visually stunning and hysterically funny.
Thor: Ragnarok is good. It's easily the best in the Thor trilogy - an impressive feat given that sequels often lack the spark and freshness of the original.
This is the best Thor-centric film in the Marvel universe yet, and hopefully it's a sign of more to come.
Fans won't be disappointed in Thor: Ragnorak.
After a steady decline in quality for the Marvel Cinematic Universe, Thor: Ragnarok suggests the company might have found its niche in how it presents certain characters.
Similar to how Guardians of the Galaxy is James Gunn's baby, Taika Waititi should be given the keys to Asgard and wherever Thor's adventures take him
A fun romp that takes us to distant worlds, inhabited by stone monsters, valkyries, gods, giants and Jeff Goldblum, who as everyone knows, is a god himself. - [Full Review in Spanish]
Reality is something we readily put aside when watching a Marvel outing, but ...Thor: Ragnarok is little more than a grocery store genre cake: industrial formula and A-list talent enveloped in an unnatural green screen icing.
Waititi nails the tone, visuals and action. The MCU's funniest film yet, and the best 'Thor' entry so far. [Full review in Spanish]
A goofy movie that feels relatively fresh, and freshness is a valuable commodity in a franchise that's now nine years and 17 movies deep.
Cate Blanchett is Marvel's new goddess and deserves her own franchise. This is the best of the Avengers and Hemsworth's charisma shines throughout, after all, he is the God of Thunder.
Thor: Ragnarok aims for laughs and maximum action-movie enjoyment, and soundly delivers.
Though it stutters in its action-heavy climax, Thor: Ragnarok is perhaps the funniest Marvel movie yet, and suggests that the studio is beginning to understand the value of letting its stars cut loose.
Beautifully filmed with serious kinetic energy by director Taika Waititi, with a crackling script, Thor: Ragnarok is a heap of fun. Cue "Immigrant Song!"
... fun and a good time... just ignore all the nameless characters dying horribly in the background and everything will be fine.
It's a knowing self-spoof that doesn't take itself too seriously.
We thoroughly enjoy Cate Blanchett vamping it up as an evil villainess, glaring at us through smoky eye makeup and spitting out nasty dialogue. Like I said: Fun.
Thor Ragnarok takes you on a visually psychedelic adventure that sadly goes absolutely nowhere.
As undeniably enjoyable as it was, Thor: Ragnarok didn't feel like the latest installments of one of the MCU's central characters as much as it did a big budget spoof of a Marvel film.
With its 130 minute script that has no clue where it's going, mixed with a mash-fest of 1980's fantasy/sci-fi films we've already seen, it is an intumescent mega mess.
Thor: Ragnarock is a party and everyone is invited. [Full Review in Spanish]
A peculiar tug of war between an indie comedian and a multinational conglomerate.
Thor: Ragnarok proves that he who does not risk does not win. [Full review in Spanish]
Thor: Ragnarok is Marvel's most fun film and raises the bar as Thor teams up with Hulk to save Asgard.
An exciting adventure that is undoubtedly the best trilogy of the blond God of Thunder. [Full review in Spanish]
Taika Waititi, director of last year's funniest movie, now turns a Marvel sequel into a funny film. Despite the massive amount of killing, fighting and destruction in the movie, Waititi's comic touches are very evident, and effective, in this film.
Thor: Ragnarok right from the outset establishes a comedic tone new to the Marvel Cinematic Universe and recasts hunky Chris Hemsworth as comic relief.
Ragnarok is a colorful, campy sendup of the superhero genre, even as its storyline and thematic elements are decidedly morbid.
It's the funny and games between the action-sequences that fizzes and pops in what often feels like a sly remix of Flash Gordon and Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome.
Thor's had a good run, let's get Hela lit.
"Thor: Ragnarok" reimagines Thor as a devilishly dim hero in love with the idea of his own power until a crisis forces him to confront the notion that he's not as strong as he always figured.
Waititi doesn't so much inject humor as he gives it his own droll spin, making Thor: Ragnarok one of the funniest of the Marvel movies without seeming to exert much effort in that regard
Ragnarok uses quick wit to keep the comedy going, and it works really well, it's just one laugh-out-loud moment to the next, and the comedy never fails.
Tessa's got the comedic timing to match Taika Waititi's Thor humor, and the physicality to lead the movie's pack of superheroes. She's not trying to outdo the boys; she's just trying to sip her drink and mind her own business.
Beyond the movie's financial successes, the film established Hemsworth as a charming, charismatic, funny leading man, capable of carrying out director Taika Waititi's zany vision and, for the first time, making Thor a relevant Avenger.
Audiences seem to be smart enough these days to know a good movie when they see it, and to avoid a bad flick despite Hollywood's best efforts to pull a fast one on them.
Marvel continues to remind us that being an ethical, self-realized human is more important than being a superhuman.
It's [its] kind of self-awareness and refusal to take itself too seriously (we're looking at you, DC) that helps Marvel's shtick and comic book movies in general maintain their forward momentum.
The visually dazzling and refreshingly-witty offbeat installment to the seemingly unstoppable MCU franchise proves to be a third-time charm for the charismatic hammer-loving superhero.
An ode to embracing the glorious ridiculousness of caped crusaders... a hammer throwing, fist-smashing good time.
Thor Ragnarok gets the comic book vibe bang on. Its cool, its funny and most importantly its the right amount of outrageous. Its one of Marvel's best.
Might leave you 'Thor' from laughter.
... not only is it the best comedy from Marvel thus far, but... the most visually attractive film of all those that have been made... [Full review in Spanish]
The film is never worse than lively and colorful, and until its deflating, routine finale, it never fails to be pleasant to watch.
Fast-paced, irreverent and with a delicious 80s aesthetic, this might be Marvel's most entertaining movie yet.
With or without a hammer, Thor's new story moves gracefully. [Full Review in Spanish]
Humor over Heroics Dooms Bloated "Ragnarok."
Taika Waititi takes Thor in to such a bold and fun new arena, celebrating everything unique and fantastic about his world...
This eye-popping spectacle is remarkably dazzling, uproarious and unadulterated fun that exceeds all expectations.
Thor still has to get his father's benediction, but Ragnarok makes mass destruction and a superhero's responsibility equal to adventure thrills and eccentric diversions.
The tone and settings are reminiscent of such watchable '80s clunkers as "Flash Gordon" and "Metalstorm: The Destruction of Jared-Syn," with a little bit of Disney's more recent "Maleficent" thrown in, too.
Perfectly acceptable as an action movie but inspired as a comedy--which is probably where the Thor franchise should have been aiming from the start.
The best silly, superhero THOR movie yet - it's thunderful!
The stated goal in the schizophrenic "Thor: Ragnarok" is to liberate the Norse kingdom of Asgard. But what's really going on is the freeing of the Henny Youngman inside Chris Hemsworth. Take my hammer, Please!
If nothing else, it's among the funniest Marvel films. (And there may indeed be nothing else.)
This is Asgard by way of The Comedy Store, an approach inspired not so much by previous Avengers-related entries but by Deadpool and Guardians of the Galaxy.
I can't tell why I love THOR: RAGNAROK more: Is it because it heralds the long-awaited global domination of director Taika Waititi, or simply because it's such great fun and truly one of the top Marvel movie entries? Why not both?
For all its brazen gags, its hip soundtrack, and its cool if somewhat hetero-normative heroes , the House That Steve Rogers Built doesn't rush headlong into truly dangerous territory.
Jokes. So many jokes. Attitude. So much attitude. Snark? Bring on the Goldblum! Sexual ambiguity? Yes, oh my. Action scenes? ... Action scenes? Jokes! More jokes!
The Thor franchise gets an exhilarating jolt of energy with Thor: Ragnarok, which is wacky, weird, and wonderful, a singular vision from director Taika Waititi.
Part "Flash Gordon," part "Guardians of the Galaxy" and part Duran Duran video, "Thor: Ragnarok" is basically a blast.
The movie has a freewheeling quality that previous Thor entries lacked. Also, Jeff Goldblum gets to go 'full Goldblum.'
Marvel is too smart to completely undermine the serious matters at stake for its stable of characters, but confident enough to play with them a bit. Thor Ragnarok has a personality all its own, and I suspect Marvel fans will love every minute.
After the disappointments of 2011's Thor and 2013's Thor: The Dark World, something clearly needed to be done. All Waititi did was deliver Marvel's OMG-iest movie yet.
Sit back and enjoy the roller-coaster ride known as Thor: Ragnarok. Do yourself a favor and see it in a packed theater. If you can't do that, then head right to the couch and pop open your favorite beer and have fun.
This viewer ... was wowed in fits and starts, but mostly filled with a new, ungrudging respect for Hemsworth.
Thor is a rousing example of how to refresh a comic-book franchise.
Thor comes as a genuine and welcome surprise.
The only thing that the film managed to generate in me was laughs; unfortunately, this kind of movie needs much more than that. [Full review in Spanish]
... a film that does not really go anywhere. [Full review in Spanish]
This is the first mega-budget Marvel picture to put its heroes on spaceships and hurl them into a wormhole called the Devil's Anus. Clearance, Clarence.
This leading-man humour is a large part of what makes Thor: Ragnarok just about the funniest superhero movie I have seen.
While the promotional trailers may have given you an inkling of the film's true nature, Thor: Ragnarok is perhaps Marvel Studio's funniest -- and boldest -- feature to date.
... in the hands of indie director Taika Waititi, who made his bones on the HBO comedy "Flight of the Conchords," this is a Marvel movie as intent on busting our guts for two hours as it is on blowing stuff up.
Director Taika Waititi has a predilection for comedy that comes through in practically every scene.
Waititi seems to delight in exploring the interplay between Hemsworth's physical and comic presence. It yields a version of Thor that might annoy some comic book purists (but certainly didn't this one), but it's an undeniable asset for the franchise.
Taika Waititi's highly self-aware Thor: Ragnarok is a fitting response to the pomposity and pretentiousness that mark most movies in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Buoyed by a visionary director, strong usage of some of the Marvel universe's better characters, beautiful filmmaking, and a healthy amount of humor
Director Taika Waititi's Marvel debut bursts at the seams with creative pleasure that communicates the same sense of fun that was clearly present on set.
Director Taika Waititi has transformed Chris Hemsworth's buff, brooding superhero into a comedy god in this highly entertaining threequel.
Altogether, Thor: Ragnarok is one of the most unique films of Marvel's now extensive lineup. It may be an unexpected combination, but this blend of star, director and style is a big winner.
It's difficult to hate any movie that allows Blanchett to chew the movie's abundant and not always impressive scenery -- archly, of course.
More Fifth Element than Avengers, more John Carpenter than Jon Favreau, Thor: Ragnarok is an often riotously entertaining interplanetary romp.
Though "Thor: Ragnarok" may feel like a lightweight entertainment, it comes packed with the same ingredients that made Whedon's "The Avengers" so good.
Chris Hemsworth releases a comic daredevil spirit comparable to that other dashing Australian swashbuckler, Errol Flynn.
This film is mediocre as a comedy, as a drama it's worse. [Full Review in Spanish]
Come the end of Thor: Ragnarok, you'll be shocked by just how little you actually cared throughout what just transpired.
Enjoyable and entertaining from start to finish. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, Sexual Content, etc. - also Available)
Still, great spectacle, and it is relentlessly . . . . what's the f-word I'm looking for?
The world's gone bonkers and we can all use a two-hour break, and Thor: Ragnarok is the perfect distraction.
Cate Blanchett's Hela is hella mean, hella snarky and hella striking with her hair slicked back into antlers.
The film attempts to break new ground within the rigid confines of its genre.
Goes all in on self-referential wackiness and an unbridled energy stream of sarcasm to unleash an apocalypse of silly, exciting fun.
There's a plot, which is almost a shame, really, since the more the film gets to indulge in offbeat characters and tangential humor, the better.
Just try to resist Thor: Ragnarok. We double dog dare you.
...about half of a pretty great movie.
There's something just a little bit off about the way the film handles its title character.
The idea of pairing the oft-dull Thor with a series of oddball companions is an inspired, if necessary, move - so much so that it's baffling it has taken Marvel this long to smarten up.
"Ragnarok" is supposed to play for laughs, but it feels like the joke is on the audience.
Thor: Ragnarok is the best Thor yet but it is still a Thor Movie.
The laughs take center stage, but that isn't to say that the action sequences aren't thrilling. Thor's battles are epic!
It's fun, it's exciting, it's hilarious --- and then there's Chris Hemsworth.
We can always depend on Hemsworth's style of not taking himself too seriously, and it works well.
...the first Thor movie that can take its place in the first ranks of Marvel movies.
It's witty, it's weird and it goes against decades of bloated, overserious comics fare.
Director Taika Waititi delivers a fast paced, quip filled movie that has a rainbow of cotton candy colors and riotous set design work that still left me feeling a bit let down.
... Thor: Ragnarok proves to be so creatively loopy, not to mention so consistently hysterical, I found it hopeless not to enjoy myself while sitting in the theatre watching things play themselves out to their conclusion.
Equal parts absurd and surprisingly wonderful.
Thor: Ragnarok is the third movie in the Thor franchise, but it's the first in the series to give off the "What, me worry?" vibes that make the Guardians of the Galaxy movies worth the price of the admission.
Of course, you know how this ends, but the script, the cinematography, and the performances make this billionth Marvel entry seem fresh.
It is irreverent, even cheeky. It has a sense of humor about itself while never, ever making fun of comic books or their fans.
Thor: Ragnarok might rub some humorless Marvel purists the wrong way, but for the less obsessive among us, it's every bit as silly and mocking as it ought to be.
What it lacks in urgency - which is a lot, given that the story involves an extinction-level threat to Asgard and All Who Therein Dwell - it makes up for in alacrity.
The only thing I enjoyed more than the comedy in Thor: Ragnarok was a climactic battle sequence synced perfectly to Led Zeppelin's "Immigrant Song."
Thor Ragnarok is, without a doubt, the best movie of the god of thunder within the MCU. [Full review in Spanish]
... Somehow both irreverent and respectful, and a whole lot of fun.
Sure, it's overly long, but it also features eccentric timing, shaggy humour and some hilarious new characters
[F]or all of its winking and joking, Thor: Ragnarok ultimately cannot escape the trap of established formula.
Director Taika Waititi's take on the God of Thunder plays a bit like the rock mockumentary This is Spinal Tap: it's front-loaded with jokes, built around a severe humbling, and full of silly bombast.
Fortunately, the charismatic Hemsworth is such good company, you're willing to play along and cruise past the roadblocks.
A comedy of outsized figures bashing at one another, punching their frenemies into the next county.
Would that every superhero film had so light a touch. Not every job needs a hammer.
Thor: Ragnarok is more fun than a barrel of winged monkeys, but man, do we have questions.
Some laughs, twists, surprises and good performances freshen up the familiar plot.
Ragnarok is a glorified commercial for next year's Avengers: Infinity War.
Thor: Ragnarok feels like a Taika Waititi movie, and a very good one - in part because however briefly, it takes the god of thunder off the perpetual-motion machine of success.
... funnier than the usual Marvel product because it's directed by Taika Waititi (What We Do in the Shadows)...
This is a colorful mashup of Scandinavian myth, interplanetary sci-fi, Old Testament references, and crossover comic book characters.
Increasingly, it's obvious that much of the Marvel universe works best when it goes big and silly: Thor: Ragnarok is about as big and silly as a Marvel movie is ever going to get.
The intoxicatingly strange brew - the third "Thor" flick, and fifth Marvel film that the Norse god has appeared in - gets nicely stirred by quirky New Zealand auteur Taika Waititi...
Most fun since Guardians of the Galaxy. Director Waititi brings the offbeat, weirdo charm of What We Do in the Shadows to Marvel.
It was only two years ago in Avengers: Age of Ultron that we started to see what a gifted comic actor Hemsworth is, so it makes eminently good sense for this entire movie to be played as a comedy.
The balance of humor and action has become so one-sided that Thor: Ragnarok could use a laugh track.
The whole cast is great. When you have Idris Elba in a relatively minor role of the all-seeing protector Heimdall, you know your ensemble is stacked.
By making Thor: Ragnarok as much a comedy as an action movie, Waititi brings some needed lightness to Marvel's storyline.
The plot is chaotic and the pacing is bizarre (scenes are unusually short and fast). But it's undeniably a riot.
[Has] a comic spin even in the action scenes... in a genre that often seems more intent on pummeling you into submission than giving you a good time, its light, breezy approach is a breath of fresh air.
At a fundamental level, Marvel jams enough high-spirited entertainment into the movie to ensure that it's worthy of the price of admission.
Waititi has managed to do something with Thor: Ragnarok managed to do something with the character no director has managed to do yet: make us look forward to seeing him again.
While Marvel movies have explored some heavier emotion, Ragnarok is the kind of roller-coaster ride I can get behind. Its exposition isn't too heavy, and it rarely goes more than a few minutes without delivering a thrill, a laugh or both.
Despite all these big personalities stuffed into a two-hour film, Thor: Ragnarok is an airtight affair that skilfully plays to each actor's strength.
Visually, Thor: Ragnarok is by far the most Jack Kirby-inspired entry in the MCU films, and thank Odin for it.
Put your brain in neutral and enjoy!
The Marvel Fatigue factor continues, to be sure. But hiring Waititi, and letting the right actors lean into the comedy, constitutes not a marvel, but a qualified victory.
"Thor: Ragnarok" gives the long-running franchise a fresh bloom of health, fertilizing the comic book roots of the Marvel film universe like a dose of satirical Miracle-Gro.
If your goal is to spend a few hours escaping from reality, "Thor: Ragnarok" is definitely for you.
If Ragnarok doesn't matter in a Thor movie, what could you possibly put onscreen ever again that would matter?
Thor has always been the most laughable of the Avengers, and Waititi's approach means we don't have to pretend to take seriously the insane mythology about outer-space Vikings ruling over nine galactic realms.
'Thor: Ragnarok' is a wild ride, a boisterous amusement-park excursion that will divert you from beginning to end.
If ever there was a Marvel film to fly the fun flag, this is the one. Had they gone for something darker, it would have been insufferable.
Waititi reaches big, creating a cosmic odyssey that's rich with elaborate costuming, ornate sets, strange creatures, and direct danger, coming close to replicating the magic found in 1980's "Flash Gordon."
An absolute blast.
As if trying to out-do Guardians of The Galaxy for wisecracks-per-minute, Thor: Ragnarok oxymoronically takes one of the most dire Norse concepts and turns it into a romp with a barrage of broad jokes and slapstick.
Tessa Thompson's badassery has jumped to new heights as her Valkyrie seems to be Marvel's answer to DC's "Wonder Woman," showing (ONCE AGAIN) that women should be given their own vehicle in the MCU.
Not since Iron Man 3 has a Marvel movie (mercifully) felt less like a Marvel movie.
Everything here is a goof.
The third film about Marvel's superhero based on the Norse god of thunder shakes things up drastically, taking the series in a more colorful, more fantastic and more comedic direction.
It may sound as if the movie is only for 13-year-old boys, or the Marvel faithful, but it isn't.
It has confidence in its characters and in its own invention, and so it avoids repetition and stays fresh.
It's a thrill a minute, which is a lot of thrills for a running time of 130 minutes.
As a steady stream of random wit and bawdiness, it's a good time. But as a story ostensibly escalating toward the titular cataclysm - Norse mythology's take on doomsday - "Ragnarok" feels too episodic, a scattered trifle passed off as epic.
Thor has always been the most laughable of the Avengers, and Waititi's approach means we don't have to pretend to take seriously the insane mythology about outer space Vikings ruling over nine galactic realms.
Waititi creates a fun, relaxed vibe among Thor and his allies, particularly the now more articulate Hulk and the sullen, perpetually drunk Valkyrie.
About as inventive and original as one of these things can probably get away with being, before it has to go back to being the same old s--t.
Everything from the font used in the titles, to the synth-infused rock opera score by Mark Mothersbaugh, to the gloriously retro set design and visuals clearly inspired by the art of Jack Kirby, there is no Marvel movie quite like it.
Superhero fans deserve better than this. Battles should have heart, danger, and consequences. The conflicts in Thor: Ragnarok are lacking in all three.
Mr. Hemsworth looks happier and far more relaxed in "Ragnarok" than he did in the previous Thor vehicles, which is perhaps Mr. Waititi's truest achievement here.
I guess it's technically possible you'll see another movie this year that'll be this much fun, but I doubt it. And even if you do, it won't have Space Goldblum.
The God of Thunder removes the giant hammer from his backside and drops his stodgy pretentions in favor of having a good time.
Note to Hollywood: From now on, maybe all of our superhero franchises should be outsourced to New Zealand.
Thompson's character is as endearing as Idris Elba's is forceful. Even when Heimdall isn't on screen, his presence is very much felt as a shepherd of both the plot points and the people inhabiting Asgard.
A refreshing interlude that combines creativity with an understanding of why we loved these characters in the first place.
... seeing "Thor: Ragnarok" is like riding the world's fastest and tallest roller coaster that keeps looping through a funhouse.
... he director has delivered possibly the most entertaining instalment in the Marvel Cinematic Universe yet.
Taika Waititi's film is a blast even if it prizes humor above pacing and the previous movies.
The film's ability to make fun of itself is just one of the many things that make it a joy to watch.
Good news everyone! That Hulk dick joke we ordered has arrived!
The film really lets Chris Hemsworth flex his comedy chops...along with his bulging muscles.
The choice of New Zealand director Taika Waititi has created a lot of excitement for the latest installment, and while it is fun, one cannot help but feel that Marvel television writers..don't bring enough wit to the proceedings.
A rollicking comedy...Waititi revs up this vehicle for a wild ride...
The resulting superhero jaunt might not be the best movie ever produced by Marvel Studios, but it's unquestionably the most fun.
Mark Mothersbaugh (Devo) does a great job with the musical score, which includes a near-perfect placement of Led Zeppelin's 'The Immigrant Song.'
It may have a ways to go before it can stand on equal footing with the best Marvel films, but this was definitely a step in the right direction.
Less hammer, more humor. Ragnarok gives Thor's comic-book core a fresh, zippy new spin.
Thor: Ragnarok is the flamboyantly roller-disco entry in an already uncomplicatedly cartoonish side franchise.
Marvel does not disappoint its fans. [Full Review in Spanish]
Enormously entertaining. Witty, funny, delightfully campy, and irreverent. A great time at the movies.
None of us doubted that Cate Blanchett would make a kickass comic-book-movie villain, did we?
One imagines Marvel turning the keys over to director Taika Waititi and saying, "There's a couple hundred million on the kitchen counter, have fun."
A funny space adventure that's weird, wild, and wonderful.
The third [movie] has hit the nail on the head. [Full Review in Spanish]
Just when you thought the MCU was out of surprises, director Taika Waititi and company deliver one of the best superhero movies of the decade.
[Taika Waikiki] is able to exploit the camp or simply tacky tone that has presided over the saga of this most absurd superhero posse. [Full review in Spanish]
From Thor and Hulk sitting on a bed talking about their feelings, to Goldblum being his most Goldblum, "Ragnarok" is an enjoyable break from the more "serious" issues explored in the MCU.
Dumb fun. But the first "Thor" movie to look like they threw serious money at it.
May be the first Marvel movie to qualify as slaphappy.
This departure from reality and the embrace of the artistic expression make the debut of Valkyrie all the sweeter.
"Thor: Ragnarok" is a blast, pure and simple.
In short, Taika Waititi graduates with honors in his leap to blockbusters... [Full review in Spanish]
This movie is just so much fun, it's a hilarious superhero romp and nigh impossible to watch without a grin on your face.
A close-but-no-cigar film, but so enjoyable for the most part, and so modest in its aims, that its disappointments aren't devastating.
It's crazy, colorful, and without a doubt, the funniest and most fun Marvel movie. [Full review in Spanish]
Thor: Ragnarok may be a better comedy than epic action adventure, but it certainly makes us fall even more in love with the "Cosmic Marvel" universe.
It's one of the most refreshing and satisfying Marvel movies in some time, precisely because its willing to do many things that Marvel hasn't done before.
It makes an ageless space god with the nobility of King Arthur and the bodacious abs of a supermodel look like an underdog. Fallibility, not lightning, is his secret weapon.
Even for a Marvel film, Thor: Ragnarok is a weightless lark, almost to a fault. Waititi has so much fun playing with his toys that, at times, he forgets to offer the proceedings enough import. These are marginal concerns, at the end of the day.
You may find yourself longing for the days when superheroes played it straight.
The film finds absurd comedy by juxtaposing the extraordinary with deliciously prosaic details.
A little light to be anything other than pleasingly disposable.
In its own weird little way, Thor: Ragnarok manages to poke fun at the constant churn of myth and entertainment of which the movie itself is a part. It's a candy-colored cage of delights, but it is a cage nevertheless - and it doesn't hide that fact.
The most riotously enjoyable Marvel movie yet.
That Ragnarok can even be in the conversation for best Marvel Cinematic Universe movie is a major victory for Marvel Studios.
Breezy, jokey, crammed with clever sci-fi ideas; the funniest MCU flick yet. Director Taika Waititi brings a new geeky verve we didn't realize the series needed.
These Marvel sagas are insurmountably better than the relentlessly po-faced, self-important, chaotic and cruel DC movies.
Thor: Ragnarok is another home run for Marvel.
Minor quibbles aside, Thor: Ragnarok is an absolute joy.
You'll watch, be lightly amused for two hours, and go back to forgetting that Thor exists.
Even more than the Guardians films, this has the crowded, colourful, double-page-spread look of classic Marvel, with much eye-pleasing detail.
Will probably rank highly in the Marvel canon for fans, while even those somewhat worn down by the many entries will find a lot of things to like about it. A great "soft" reboot for the character.
Its preference for wit over CGI exhibitionism and portentous cod mythologising makes this among the best of Marvel's 17 films, and by an Asgardian country mile the funniest.
It's very silly, huge fun, and actually, in its vibrant use of colour, truer to its comic- book roots than most superhero movies.
Ragnarok is unpretentious high-spirited entertainment that feels like a breath of fresh air.
Like the antic entertainer at a children's party, director Taiki Waititi keeps us distracted with sudden noises, bright objects and silly jokes. It's not a bad plan.
Full of one-liners, bon mots and pratfalls, "Thor: Ragnarok" is as close as the Marvel Cinematic Universe has gotten to a full-on screwball comedy.
Waititi has not found the answers in making Thor a more exciting character, but he has found ways to go around this flaw and make his film a, sometimes, inspiring affair.
Clearly, third time is a charm for Thor as Ragnaro is the best film on the Asgardian till date, and another entry from Marvel you simply cannot miss!
It's no surprise the director of Boy and Hunt for the Wilderpeople could bring out a softer side to the Marvel material.
This is a perfectly balanced film, with great pacing, an engaging plot and impeccable delivery from actors and director alike. The best fun you'll have all week.
The question is: How's Marvel going to top the Waititi effect?
As much fun as it is, Ragnarok, by treating everything as an opportunity for a goof, forfeits any chance of taking root in your imagination. Nothing matters here.
Turns down the Shakespearean pretensions, cranks up the humor and delivers what is essentially an action-comedy with swords and capes.
The film is directed with profligate pizzazz by iconoclastic New Zealander Taika Waititi who seems to hold two fingers up to the entire Marvel Cinematic Universe, even as he caresses it with delicate affection.
... the movie is fun enough, and Waititi shows enough moxie and goofy wit throughout...
Shot through with self-deprecating wit, slapstick (and knockabout) humour and all kinds of eccentric characters and elements, Thor: Ragnarok feels fresh, exciting and hugely entertaining.
... a superhero movie that's not afraid to be silly.
... no fanatic will ask for a ticket refund from admissions. [Full review in Spanish]
It's the first Thor movie that will make you want to see more Thor movies, because it's the first Thor movie with an idea of what makes its titular hero worth rooting for.
Thor: Ragnarok is packed tight with zooming space vehicles and noisy thunder battles, but the movie's extravagant excess is more narcotizing than energizing. Even poor Thor seems lost in all of it, and he's supposed to be its star.
Granted, there are probably more monsters and CGI battles and explosions than the movie needs. But director Waititi and star Hemsworth keep this Thor party hopping like it's 1999 and Ragnarok will never come. Good times.
You could almost argue Thor: Ragnarok is too funny.
Director Taika Waititi and his improbably buffed star Chris Hemsworth have deployed lashings of humour to grease the cogs of yet another wind-up franchise vehicle. And, to their credit, they've done a swell job.
Somewhere near the end of this made-for-the-fans installment, Cate Blanchett states, "To be honest, I was expecting better". I hear you, sister.
Start grouchy and you may hate it. Stick a smile on your face and it will stay there.
It's good to see Ruffalo liberated from the more masochistic portrait in Avengers: The Age of Ultron, and with a fresh partner in Tessa Thompson.
God of Thunder fights his villainous sister to defend Asgard in a splashy, joke-filled Marvel outing.
It adds up to a dense, extraordinarily funny and more-or-less non-stop great time.
The film is at its best in the brutish bromance between Thor and the Hulk as they compete for the Valkyrie's affections and the title of the strongest Avenger.
Taken on its own patchwork terms, Thor: Ragnarok is mostly diverting entertainment, though no match for what [Taika] Waititi can achieve on his own with a fraction of the budget.
Taking a character who has become embedded in the popular psyche and doing something slightly twisted with them is a good way of ensuring continuity while thumbing one's nose at the familiarity of contempt.
Taika Waititi brings to the Thor table is an ability to match laughs with some genuine heart. The film is different, it is weird, there is a lot going on, but there is also a galactic portion of fun. This could be Marvel's first cult classic.
Taika Waititi's Thor: Ragnarok is a breath of fresh air in the MCU, but still feels very much like a Marvel movie - for better or worse.
[Taika] Waititi knows exactly what his is doing, when the most grizzled, hard-drinking male figure here is female (Tessa Thompson, giving it her full Han Solo treatment).
The God of Thunder throws more punchlines than punches in Marvel's latest.
Guardians of the Galaxy may have done it first, but Thor: Ragnarok does it best.
Thor 1.0 grumbled as he saved the world; new Thor 2.0 makes small talk with a skeleton to pass the time. The latter works better.
Full of action, laughs, and spirited fun, Thor: Ragnarok is a fine Marvel movie. But lacking a heaving heart, it's a disappointing Waititi offering.
Waititi embraces the outlandish possibilities of the Marvel universe through the costumes, torture devices and fiery demons that threaten to demolish civilisation.
Ragnarok entertains without stunning. [Full Review in Spanish]
Tessa Thompson as Valkyrie is stealing every scene she is in.
It's funny, spectacular and wonderfully faithful to its comic-book origins.
I can say nothing kinder about Thor: Ragnarok than that it is not "one for the fans". It's for anybody at home to the throb of a sub-woofer and the scent of the herb.
Thor: Ragnarok is the best installment of the series. [Full review in Spanish]
Thor: Ragnarok is good-natured, warm and funny and it really feels like Waititi's movie.
It's hammer time again and Thor Ragnarok rocks with laughter put the emphasis on the "comic" in comic book moviemaking. The cast is up to the challenge.
I'm normally the first to moan about the awful ubiquity of the superhero genre, but when they get these things right, one has to admit they can be fun.
If you're already a fan of Waititi, Ragnarok will be like a warm bath of his particular brand of humour, but if - for some reason - you like your comic book movie homogenous, it might not be for you. But maybe try broadening your horizons, yeah?
Funniest Thor movie has tons of style, plenty of violence.
If the Thor films have been a bit 'meh' thus far, by allowing Waititi room to do his genuinely eccentric thing, the 17th film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe might just be its best.
Thor: Ragnarok is an exhilarating, fresh take on the superhero movie, a smashingly good two hours of fun you won't want to take back.
With its heart powered by Led Zeppelin's Immigrant Song, this is superhero rock 'n' roll with lashings of Waititi-led comedy.
...almost certainly the best time you'll have at the movies this year.
Thor: Ragnarok is an awesomely entertaining premier league win for Thor that fizzes with inventive energy. Nine years and 17 movies into the MCU, that's got to be worth some serious flagons of ale.
Ragnarok seems more self-aware than even Guardians of the Galaxy.
A step forward for 'Thor' but not for the larger universe of which it's part. [Full review in Spanish]
Thor and his friends turn the film into a pool party where everything is pure entertainment. [Full review in Spanish]
With the movie going full-bore with both the comedy and the weirder aspects of the Marvel Universe, this is the most tonally coherent and entertaining Thor movie to date.
"Thor: Ragnarok" is the most fun of the Thor movies by a long shot, but it is still very much a Thor movie for better or worse.
As awesome as Thor is, as devious as Loki is, as badass as Hulk is, Ragnarok is at its best when Valkyrie is on the screen.
In a world of portentous blockbusters getting ever darker, it's a joy to see one throwing on the disco lights.
One thing about Taika Waititi is evident: he is 100% worthy, and the power of Thor is his.
It is definitely no classic, but an appreciably looser, livelier approach will reinvigorate those beginning to tire of the standard Marvel formula.
[O]ne of the boldest and most sensuous of the MCU releases... outrageously entertaining, sure to please all ages & turn Thor into a far more popular character with mainstream audiences...
Brighter and brasher than its predecessors, Ragnarok has that age-reversing allure that gives the same kind of high as when you first had your paws on the pages of comics way back when.
A whimsical distraction of a movie, and it's worth recommending on that level, but it clearly had the potential to be so much more.
Thor: Ragnarok plunges headfirst into unbridled comedy and Waititi gives his actors ample room to showcase their natural comedic talents, especially Hemsworth and Blanchett.
Thor: Ragnarok is the wittiest and most straightforwardly enjoyable of Marvel's blockbusters.
Thor: Ragnarok is a lot of fun, but its heart belongs to Planet Hulk and not the realm whose existence is at stake.
It just might - might! - be the greatest Marvel movie.
Both the banter and the fighting, it should be noted, are excellent, so whether you go to superhero movies for the glossy escapism or the pulse-pounding action, you'll get your large soda's worth.
Taika Waititi offers Marvel majesty via Monty Python.
This film is a glorious carnival of nonsense.
Thor: Ragnarok is fun in its own kinetic, comic book fashion but it doesn't have any dramatic urgency whatsoever.
Even tonal issues can't upend the magic this movie taps into putting Thor and Hulk together as new best buddies, whether they're throwing down in an arena or having a bromantic heart-to-heart.
It basically throws up its hands at its own ridiculousness and plays it all for laughs - and it gets them.
This is top to bottom Hemsworth's movie, and in his fifth time playing Thor, is at his very peak, and that's quite the heroic feat.
It deviates from everything it's structured the franchise to be, but it's also a perfect example of taking big risks for even bigger wins.
A film that's simply a joy to watch, with a personality that's wholly its own.
You never have to wait more than five minutes for a joke or well-placed wisecrack. Anytime there's a danger of someone giving a cliched, worthy speech about power and responsibility there's a one liner delivered like a slap to the back of the head.
The best of the Thor features and impressively one of the better MCU offerings.
Ragnarok rocks.
It's funny, charming, dazzling, gorgeously designed, and full of actors you already like.
Daft as a badger sandwich and twice as funny, this is vintage Waititi, and the boldest, most outrageously fun film Marvel has yet produced.
Easily the funniest Marvel film to date, a huge achievement this far down the line and something that will have audiences crying tears of laughter.
Ragnarok is basically a Joke Delivery System - and on that score, it works. The movie is fun.
As it arrives poised for a megalithic box-office haul, it might be helpful to keep in mind the advice offered by one character: "You cannot stop Ragnarok. Why fight it?"
While it's not saying much, "Thor: Ragnarok" is easily the best of the three Thor movies - or maybe I just think so because its screenwriters and I finally seem to agree on one thing: The Thor movies are preposterous.
Closer to the feel of the Guardians of the Galaxy movies, presenting itself as a colourful space adventure with shades of Flash Gordon.
Ragnarok isn't one of the more meaningful Marvel movies -- it's just an old-fashioned superhero smackdown. And sometimes that's exactly what you want in a comic book.
A crazy, colorful, ambitious, hilarious ride through the cosmos.
Strong visuals, gonzo action and a high comedy compensate for generic plotting, a padded midsection and a lack of drama.
Leans in to the notion that Thor laughs in the face of danger by creating a movie that invites the audience to laugh right along with him.
Let loose on the Marvel universe, Waititi manages not only to keep the faithful happy, but also bring his own brand of silliness to the proceedings without ever falling into predictable territory.
Thor has finally found his place in the MC Universe, and it's in comedy.
A grinningly goofy comic-book movie that reverberates with boyish delight.

@highlight

Exciting, funny, and above all fun, Thor: Ragnarok is a colorful cosmic adventure that sets a new standard for its franchise -- and the rest of the Marvel Cinematic Universe.