By turns pointless and pointlessly mean-spirited.
The single punch line that sparks genuine laughter comes three minutes into the film; after that, these marriages are made in comedy hell.
Nothing's quite so painful as failed comedy, and this atrocity is equivalent to a compound fracture.
There's bad, there's unwatchable, and then there's National Lampoon.
Truly this is one of the most off-putting, unpleasant and earth-shatteringly unfunny "comedies" I've ever seen.
...shockingly unfunny...
If you watch this movie, you are an idiot
Para descrever este filme, vou usar um eufemismo: lixo.
Taking a trip to the retirement village and clipping grandma's toenails might be more pleasant that watching this film.
Apprently, even gross-out comedy requires some delicacy.
This is a lowbrow, low-budget homage to the Farrelly brothers -- and a pretty poor one at that.
Really, words can't convey how horrible this atrocity is. Nobody involved should ever be allowed near a studio again.
As abysmal as the film's concept is, the execution is unimaginably worse, a stomach-turning orgy of greed, lust, and sordid desperation...
So incredibly bad and astoundingly wrong-headed that it gets a star for its uncanny ability to make the viewer stare at the screen in glassy-eyed, open-mouthed wonderment.
This is the spectacularly inept directing debut of writer-producer Gary Priesler, who is said to have 12 other movies in development. God help us.
Please, Louise -- next time, less sleaze.
Writer-director Gary Preisler just plods through lame grossout jokes (most of them neutered to get a PG-13) that turn 87 minutes into an eternity.
By the 30-minute mark, I was praying for the sweet release of death.
You'll have already snuck into another theater, if you know what's good for you.
So stupefyingly hideous that after watching it, you'll need to bathe in 10 gallons of disinfectant, get a full-body scrub and shampoo with vinegar to remove the scummy residue that remains.
Even by the debased standards of later films released under the National Lampoon banner, this is sorry stuff.
Don't waste your money. Please. Spare our culture some last semblance of dignity by ignoring National Lampoon's Gold Diggers altogether.
Imagine a horrible parallel universe, where Pauly Shore is allowed to direct a remake of Harold and Maude.
If National Lampoon's Gold Diggers ... had a single laugh in it, that laugh would die of loneliness.
A shapeless mass of crude sight gags barely worthy of the new release shelf, let alone theatrical distribution.
It all makes Nat Lamp's recent Van Wilder look like an instant classic.
If you're given the choice between seeing National Lampoon's Gold Diggers and death, you'd be wise to choose death.
Not only is there nothing thoughtful or interesting about this latest ultra-crass contribution to the Lampoon shelf, there's not even anything very funny.
A crass, hateful product of loathsome characters and an even uglier story. It's shocking that such a cesspool of nothingness has found its way into theaters at all.
For those who need proof that the National Lampoon brand of humor ain't what it used to be, National Lampoon's Gold Diggers does more than illustrates how far the mighty have fallen.
What could have been National Lampoon's Harolds and Maudes grows dumb and dumber.
This cheap-looking, broad and ultimately unnecessary comedy makes John Landis' benchmark Animal House -- one of the earliest films to bear the National Lampoon brand name -- look like Lubitsch.
...a long way from Harold and Kumar...
Such a stinker that each ticket should come with a can of Glade.
Gold Diggers aren't the 2 morons who marry senior citizens for cash, it's the movie execs that took the lamest idea and are trying to sell it to the American public as comedy.
Priesler plays the whole thing as a flamboyant freak show, smacking the audience... with tasteless gags and grotesque extremes of human behavior and calling it humor.
A putative comedy that manages to degrade equally those on both sides of the screen.
In the way it humiliates its actors and rips off its audience, a more accurate title would be National Lampoon's Contempt.
For the most part, The Gold Diggers is not even chuckle-producing. At best, it might warm a cockle or two or provoke a bit of a smile.
Gold Diggers is a joke of a film; built on the most pathetic of comedic situations and annoying performances.
It's dead and deader than the worst standup on the worst night of the worst clone of the Comedy Store.
There's no sense of comic timing and director Gary Preisler wouldn't know screwball from a set of anal beads.



@highlight

It aspires to Farrelly-level offensiveness, but the PG-13 rating and a dearth of decent gags renders Gold Diggers tame, toothless, and dull.