The celebrity cameos range from the expected to the embarrassing to the downright baffling...
Wexler isn't a particularly good movie, but it's mesmerizing all the same, projecting a strange mixture of heartfelt homage, reactionary nostalgia, lowbrow integrity, and contractually obligated indifference.
Adam Sandler's almost impressively steady spiral into irrelevance continues with Sandy Wexler...
Sometimes-raunchy showbiz farce has cursing, comic action.
Some of the things I dug most were the weird, playful touches that Sandler plays down here -- for example, his character's bedtime ritual of apologizing to clothes he hasn't worn in a while. Brilliant.
Adam Sandler's third movie with Netflix is the very definition of over indulgence.
There's no reason why an Adam Sandler feature should run over two hours, especially one like "Sandy Wexler," where nothing actually happens outside of an extended impression of Wernick only a small group of Hollywood insiders are going to get.
A period piece set in 1994, Sandy Wexler is so bad you'll want to go back in time and erase Netflix from the timeline.
There's no way to recommend it, yet I wouldn't ask for my two hours back (though I do wish that they could have been sped up somewhat).
Saying Sandy Wexler is the best film Adam Sandler has made or co-written in a long time isn't much of a compliment. Yet, this new Netflix comedy (if you can call it that) is one of the sweetest additions to his filmography.
Like the character that shares its name, Sandy Wexler means better than his peers, but it needs better management if it's going to work.
The screenplay is a grab-bag of aimless scenes frequently getting in the way of Sandler's reasonably earnest, if flimsy attempt at a character study.
Though Sandy Wexler comes from a place of genuine affection, it feels oddly cruel. As depicted, Sandy isn't just oblivious, but borderline incompetent.
Sandy Wexler gives us a romance that isn't believable, involving a character who isn't funny, in a film that still wouldn't have worked even if they had shaved 45 minutes off it. But that would have been a good start.
There's an empathetic streak in Sandy Wexler. And that's something we haven't seen from Sandler in a long time.
Once again, the actor is pathetic, and the movie is gross.
Just when you thought Sandler couldn't embarrass himself any further, he drops the laughless mess known as Sandy Wexler on Netflix subscribers.
This is all still Sandler shtick, replete with endless running gags, but it's also surprisingly endearing and often quite funny.
Adam Sandler's third Netflix comedy arrives as something of a mission statement, finding a loose moral justification for all of his bad movies.
As with almost every Sandler vehicle, this is an adoring ode to a lifelong man-baby who mistakes his half-assed excretions for art.
Adam Sandler has made his "All That Jazz."

@highlight

Sandy Wexler marks a mild improvement from the Adam Sandler vehicles immediately preceding it -- which in no way serves as an endorsement for non-hardcore fans.