It is a slow film, which could work, if it eventually became intriguing, but all we get is a showcase for annoying people who would have nothing in their lives, if they weren't already in a movie.
The subdued relationship that develops between the two characters is out of balance with the fanciful contrivances that bring them together.
There are undercurrents of a Catholic kind about grace and redemption.
Despite memorable scenes, the narrative's aim is never clear: is this a crime drama, dark comedy or a May-December romance?
A flawed but decidedly promising first movie.
The film never quite convinces as anything other than a puff-piece for Keaton, but it is bolstered by another deeply empathetic turn from Macdonald.
[Michael Keaton is] the pained and taciturn star of a pained and taciturn drama.
In a word: awful.
Keaton the director wisely draws a leaf from Clint Eastwood's book. Keeping the framing neat, his style is the kind of unobtrusive classical filmmaking that is a dying breed in contemporary Hollywood.
The only merriment that The Merry Gentleman delivers is through Michael Keaton's masterful direction and the performances of the two leads. It's perfectly watchable, but the story lacks the content and incident to deliver an emotional punch.
Part tastefully muted, part plain morose, Keaton's direction styles this as a character study of hearts in winter. But it doesn't wash.
We are never quite sure whether this is a thriller or a dark romance, but Keaton conjures up some excellent scenes and allows Macdonald the chance to shine.
MacDonald's perky performance is a distinct plus, especially because Keaton's character is so enigmatic he's unfathomable, while the movie's lack of pace is only partly offset by some very subtle camerawork.
Keaton is good, McDonald with her spooky equanimity and still-waters profundity even better. Sartre's Huis Clos? Forget that. This is hell, as moodily atmospheric as low-budget screen infernos get.
Michael Keaton's directorial debut is a low-key character study which just about survives its odd shifts of tone.
Notable for its calm composure, unfussy style and some fine performances.
Moody and thoughtful, this quiet character study is extremely beautiful to look at and features some superbly understated performances.
Keaton's directorial style is as muted as his uncharacteristically subdued performance, but it remains strangely compelling.
Michael Keaton's directorial debut is a beautifully shot, low-key relationship drama with an engaging central performance from Kelly Macdonald.
It's a confused muddle, and as a result, the film never really finds its footing -- and it never seems to have any narrative momentum.
...a formally minimalist film that focuses onsurface description, eschews expository dialogue and expects theaudience to collaborate in its story-making.
As a quiet, sad character piece, it strikes the appropriate nerves.
Filled more with character studies than narrative intrigues, The Merry Gentleman also provides only sketchy personality details and background information.
Macdonald's performance is one of understated beauty.
Keaton builds the tension nicely. Payoffs aren't as important to him as establishing a mood, a tone (mostly bleak). Patient, at times to a fault, he allows the characters to build over time.
Michael Keaton the actor should work with Michael Keaton the director more.
A nice little independent film built around Kelly Macdonald's sweet personality and charming Scottish accent as surely as if it were a star vehicle developed for a contract player during the golden age of the Hollywood studio system.
Keaton offers glimpses of a directorial gift, but this odd little piece feels like warm-up for something more compelling.
As an actor and now as a promising first-time director, Keaton's keen instincts serve him well.
Everything happens believably and with precision even when the script pushes credulity to the breaking point. It is a movie I think audience's will warm to, and as first film's go Keaton's effort is a solid success.
Isn't the sort of picture that grabs you from the start, but the tale of two loners who find one another gradually grows on you.
That this gloomy movie partly succeeds is a credit to the sharp dialogue, the fine cast and the directing debut of a reluctant star.
The film is never as good as its parts -- some of which are very good indeed. But Keaton knows how to control the medium and establishes a palpable mood without getting all artsy. It's a good start.
A slow build to nowhere.
With just a few tweaks, The Merry Gentleman could have made a wickedly funny parody of the over-earnest, lyrically hard-edged indie movie. But it's too late for do-overs.
The Merry Gentleman is not destined to be some massive mainstream hit. Instead, it's a slight indie effort that offers innumerable charms without totally testing your patience.
A sly and surprisingly sublime little noir romance, which marks the directing debut of Michael Keaton.
An interesting film with some really well thought out and well grounded characters and I was surprised by it.
A lot goes on in this film without much being said, a credit to Keaton, who shoots it deliberately and thoughtfully, in a film demonstrating there should be a lot more work on both sides of the camera ahead for Michael Keaton.
A movie that doesn't quite have enough romance, thriller or revenge-fantasy elements to qualify for any of those genres.
This is a remarkable debut, touching on physical, emotional, intellectual and spiritual planes all at once. I hope it's the first step in sending Keaton back to the A-list.
An overly muted and cautious piece of work. Watching it is like seeing a man ease out onto the limb of a tree, constantly testing its strength.
He and cinematographer Chris Seager do choose some comparatively adventurous camera angles and overall Keaton exhibits a steady directorial hand.
Anchoring the film, which is driven more by characters than plot, are fine performances by Keaton and Kelly Macdonald and a screenplay in which the pauses between words are as meaningful as the words themselves.
In his uneven directorial debut The Merry Gentleman, Michael Keaton plays a distinctly unmerry Chicago hit man named Frank Logan who falls for a mousy receptionist, Kate Frazier (Kelly Macdonald), on the run from an abusive cop husband.
Keaton and writer Ron Lazzeretti pick tones like someone pulling out lotto numbers ... veers from creepy to festive to sad to twinkly to spiritual to bright to depressing.
A surprisingly tender, sensitive and intelligent drama with well-nuanced performances. It's a solid directorial debut from Michael Keaton.
We're always aware of watching characters--not people--languish through the usual indie ennui.
The potential for suspense is dropped in favor of lots of hushed interludes in which nothing happens.
A dreary drama about three lonely and self-destructive souls.
As a director, the star isn't especially polished, but there's something likable about his effort not to make yet another quirky, smirky film about a hit man in a funk.
...an understated, uniquely cunning and most pleasant surprise.
An austere, nearly pitch-perfect character study of two mismatched yet ideally matched souls.
The film marks Michael Keaton's directorial debut and if this film accomplishes anything at all, its relative failure may finally inspire him to return to the day job from which he has been missing for far too long.
A dark and lovely drama about the complications of human connections that is Michael Keaton's impressive directing debut.
The director's vision has dictated his acting choices, and that vision has been clouded by Ron Lazzaretti's sententious script.
Even if this particular story has trouble coalescing, The Merry Gentleman serves as a calling card for (director Michael) Keaton's next one. I hope there is a next one.
Gentleman is a screamingly quiet film distinguished by a haunting score and terrific lead performances.
The Merry Gentleman is original, absorbing and curiously moving in ways that are far from expected.
This is a movie that never says anything loudly, which makes you lean in that much more attentively...a compelling film.
Set during a joyless Chicago Christmas (hence the carol-like title), this Debbie Downer of a drama is a bitter slog.
Interesting, downbeat directorial debut by Michael Keaton marred by a needlessly ambiguous ending.
The repetitive material hobbles the actor's energies.
Seems coolly unconcerned with showing us anything of its central relationship apart from a few awkward exchanges and uninterested in developing one of these characters beyond a near-silent abstraction.
Michael Keaton turns in a solid directorial debut in a deliberately paced story of a menage-a-trois.
An edgy entertainment, the movie also remarkably has the feel-good warmth of an old-time Irish film.
There is both a warmth and a reserve to this film which, while covering serious ground, has a gentle humour running throughout.
[Keaton] summons a wonderful performance by Kelly Macdonald and strong character distinction to the secondary players, but otherwise his movie works only in fragments.
A deliberately-paced crime drama that brings a strange sense of warmth, dark humor, and even some odd romance to a potentially dreary tale.
[Star Kelly McDonald is] one of those rare, quicksilver actresses whose natural qualities invest everything she does with warmth, integrity, innate goodness and automatic interest.





@highlight

Michael Keaton's directorial debut, The Merry Gentleman , is a slow character study aided greatly by the performances of Keaton and Kelly MacDonald.