I have never seen a film eat itself in the space of a single scene change. But the moment Sonny Crockett swaggers in, Cold in July collapses in less time than it takes to light a wet fart.
"Cold in July," a film directed by Jim Mickle and written by Mickle and Nick Damici is the little engine that ultimately couldn't.
By the end, the genre conventions have shifted enough to make you feel like you're in a different movie, and yet it has a satisfying, if dark, conclusion that's true to each step along the way.
While the unforeseen places it goes kept me engaged, unearned character motivations, and an awkward genre balance prevent this from being a knock-out exploitation noir entry.
[Cold in July is] an absorbing take on the modern family noir, a movie that knows the devil's in the details.
Bristling with sharp surprises at every dark turn, punctuated by crackling performances from a first-rate cast and filmed with a haunting moodiness, Cold in July is a perfect little film
A few too many twists and turns, but Johnson and Shepard help save it
A well-paced story that will keep audiences on the edge of their seats as it bucks and rolls in unexpected directions to a bloody and satisfying climax.
A heart-stoppingly tense, cunningly twisty crime thriller
The 'That's for the hat' speech is a delicious bit of fun, but the film's final third is so derivative and keen to shock if feels like a different movie entirely.
If you want to recreate the experience of watching a movie on HBO at 12:50 a.m. in 1991, Jim Mickle's "Cold in July" is your movie.
[F]or those who prefer their movies with more than a little twist, this one pays off in spades ... a smart and engaging neo-noir thriller.
Cold In July goes way way back - back to the year in which it is set and was written, but also back further to America's heritage of the wild west when men were men and a man's gotta do what a man's gotta do, with justice a mere shadow.
Writers Mickle and Nick Damici have an annoying habit of killing the noir with comedic one-liners. Genre hopping is all well and good, provided the thread running between is unshakeable. Disappointing.
The character-driven script is unsettling in spots and hilarious in others, and although some of the twists are more satisfying than others, the level of tension remains high throughout.
As for the performances, they're ripe and rich, even though the three core characters sometimes appear to be starring in entirely different movies.
The kind of movie that reminds you that making them like they used to needn't mean recycling old stories.
It would be lovely to see the missing halves of these two intriguing pictures. They must be out there somewhere.
Individual sequences are brilliantly staged and shot but the film still has the feel of a formal exercise and the plot abounds in loose ends.
An intriguing, gamey thriller that revels in throwing the audience off balance as it delves into ever more troubling territory.
You can practically feel dirt accumulating under your fingernails as this pleasingly unpleasant neo-noir unfolds.
The cult crime novel by Joe R Lansdale is skilfully adapted by director Jim Mickle (Stake Land) and his regular screenwriting partner Nick Damici into noir-ish cutting-edge pulp fiction.
Confused suspense drama starts out gripping and descends into a moral muddle that a very good performance by Michael C. Hall cannot quite overcome.
Cold In July starts off like a poor man's version of Cape Fear before switching course to become more of a gun totin' Quentin Tarantino bloodbath.
Slow-paced, uneven and shallow. The effort might have been admirable but the film is plainly forgettable.
It makes a strong start but is desperately uneven tonally, and unravels into a bizarre spaghetti-mess of dangling loose ends.
A film which speaks loudly and directly, but doesn't have much to say.
Cold in July is as cold as a corpse from an hour in.
Get past the distracting sight of Dexter's Michael C Hall sporting a terrible late 80s mullet-and-'tache combo and this American indie reveals itself to be one of the most engaging, surprising films of the year.
The elements of what follows are all recognisable, with organised crime, police corruption and a pornography ring all stirred into the mix, but that's part of the film's seedy charm.
Dark and lean and often silent, Cold in July is a handsome if slight slice of pure genre filmmaking, its pulpy thrills made memorable by a potent trio of performers and Mickle's firm sense of style.
Mickle and Damici deliver a tense redneck noir with a twist - and a few issues - but it's more like a promising placeholder than the masterpiece they're capable of.
Mickle and Damici officially segue from 'promising' to 'delivering'.
This isn't a particularly memorable film. It borrows too much from other movies to stand out in it's own right. But it's a surprising one. What makes this odd 80s mash-up so intriguing is the way it's almost impossible to second guess.
Good as Hall is, Johnson and Shephard steal the show.
The story doesn't dot every i or cross every t, but it certainly makes every ridiculously sinister turn stick.
Initially the late-80s setting of Cold in July registers as kitsch, but it grows more evocative as the Carpenter impersonation gives way to something weirder and uglier.
Cold in July is sumptuous dark fable about duty, filled with outstanding performances and energised by an amazing score. It's the kind of strange ride that requires you to surrender.
'Cold in July' doesn't really add a lot to the canon, but it restores some genre craftiness that's been lost over the years to attrition.
From the set-up, we expect a story we've seen many times before, but 'Cold in July' is smart and supple.
...the sort of naturalistic, nuanced thriller you don't see much in this age of overt, high concept star-driven cinema.
Hall does his best to make sense of Dane, but the plot turns simply don't add up. Good work in a not-so-good movie.
The neo-noir Cold in July operates at a steady sizzle.
You never quite know where you stand with Cold In July and that is a large part of its appeal.
It's not a particularly deep film, but it's one that takes the viewer through a labyrinthian chain of events that provides a wild ride that won't soon be forgotten.
The humid atmosphere is stronger than the writing.
Cold in July is not deep, but it's built, and all around it looks like it was made by artisans who knew what they were doing.
The story doesn't dot every 'i' and cross every 't' - but it certainly makes every ridiculously sinister turn stick.
The modern equivalent of the B movies that studios used to make, and it reminds you of how good many of them were.
Not just a solid indie flick or a strong adaptation of a well-regarded novel. It's one of the most impressive films of the year.
Southern Gothic that is both too ambitious, and not nearly ambitious enough in the right ways.
For all the action (and there is plenty) in Cold in July, it's really more of a psychological suspense movie, and the three principal actors are so good that I can forgive the derivative nature of the plot...
A highly satisfying bit of pulp fiction that uses its ever-changing trajectory to its advantage.
'Cold in July' certainly gets points for trying, but the plot twists and conspiracies begin to mount beyond the point where you can comfortably suspend your disbelief.
Don Johnson's gritty charm helps carry a moody but typical Southern pulp tale.
It is a suspenseful, surprise-filled thriller, even if it suffers from a deeply rooted identity crisis.
Pulp fiction doesn't come much better than Cold in July, a gritty, grisly - and perversely giddy - crime yarn directed by Pottstown-born indie-film provocateur Jim Mickle.
This one deserves a bigger release than the one it is getting. Destined to be one of the year's better acted films.
A southern-fried thriller that manages to be greasy and dusty at the same time.
A tense, engrossing Texas thriller with a sense of humor as sharp and wounding as a Bowie knife.
The filmmakers struggle to elevate the piece from '70s drive-in pulp to distinct, thematically rich art.
Mickle awakens as a formidable moviemaker with Cold in July, in full command of his storytelling talents with this meaty endeavor.
It is a brutal, beautifully shot movie that starts out to be about revenge but then becomes something more, something even more primal and disturbing.
"Cold in July" has all the qualifications of a midnight movie in the making.
Though the action sequences may make you queasy, Mickle shows restraint; the nastiest event in the script happens off-screen, and we're never supposed to enjoy or be amused by the violence.
It doesn't cut too deep. But that can be a relief sometimes, and even a virtue.
These unique characters and performances breathe life into the moody world Mickle creates in this vivid, shocking thriller that sticks with you long afterward.
It's an immersive, old-fashioned experience -- Walter Hill or Sam Peckinpah would approve.
Mickle's bracing sense of style and cinematographer Ryan Samul's moody visuals keep it gripping until the final bullet is fired.
... easily the squirreliest crime saga since 'Killing Them Softly' ... edgy, suspenseful, cathartic ... Sam Shepard has his juiciest role in far too long.
Strictly for connoisseurs of violent genre pulp.
A gritty, sweaty and entertaining little slice of Texas noir.
Hall, Shepard and Johnson ... comprise a compelling trio in a fable that explores masculinity and the responsibility of fathers for their sons.
A twisty, brainy, patient thriller with guts and imagination, as well as a few big laughs. Rooted in genuine human curiosity and empathy, it quickly and easily gets under your skin.
A nasty, if also tasty slice of hickory-smoked pulp noir.
A sharp little noir with some nasty surprises.
Mickle made one of the few excellent post-Romero zombie thrillers, Stake Land, and Cold in July is even more fun. He clearly relishes genre conventions and relishes even more turning them inside out.
"Cold in July," a pulpy, Texas-set thriller based on hard-boiled horror/thriller author Joe Lansdale's novel, fails to capture the discomfiting qualities that make it a Joe Lansdale story.
A dingy and muscular throwback that's like something you might pluck from the shelf of your favorite video store and watch late one night.
A tangled tale of crime and punishment that mines the Lone Star lore of guns and killing.
As the movie's resident live wire, Mr. Johnson, obviously having the time of his life, is a hoot, and the feisty camaraderie among these three men gives "Cold in July" a euphoric goofiness.
Hall couldn't have picked a better role to definitively launch his post-Dexter career.
Movies incorporate plot twists all the time, but rarely with the mind-blowing relish of "Cold In July."
On the one hand, the movies hardly need yet more examinations of perceptions of masculinity. On the other, one as well-crafted and constantly surprising as Mickle's adaptation of Joe Lansdale's pulpy crime novel is hard to argue against.
The film isn't wholly satisfying, raising questions it never answers, but the film boasts fine performances from Hall and especially Johnson, who's turning into a character actor of note.
Get ready to squirm. Be sure to seek out this twisty and terrific sleeper in theaters or on VOD. It's a real find.
The best thing about Jim Mickle's movie is that it retains the down-home-gone-wrong feeling of Lansdale's book.
There is a tawdriness to the crimes committed that evokes sympathy for the heroes that take the bad guys down.
"Cold in July" ultimately tries to do too much and ends up not doing quite enough - often entertainingly, not always believably.
One of those movies that arrives every now and then with no fanfare but a canny sense of how to grab our attention and hold it in a tightening grip.
The first half of "Cold" is tense and suspenseful, albeit in a conventional way; the second half is sickeningly compelling.
Has enough nods to classic capers to make for effective pulp fiction - and revive Don Johnson's career.
Jim Mickle's gripping adaptation of Joe R. Lansdale's pulp novel.
"Cold in July" never actually turns into the film you think it's going to, and even if that means there's a few unanswered questions ricocheting around your head after, it also provides real, rich pleasures as it zigzags into the darkness.
"Unpredictable" is one of the highest compliments one can pay a movie, especially an American thriller.
Cold In July is Jim Mickle's best work yet, as this Southern-fried thrill ride leads audiences on an ever-changing journey with a tasty, make-you-wanna-slap-yo-mama twist.
Johnson has a nice little streak going of turning seemingly disposable characters into indelible scene-stealing rascals.
It has a seedy underbelly that will appeal to hard-core Mickle fans; it's more deranged than it initially seems.
Great performances keep this extended homage to seedy '80s thrillers walking the straight and narrow.
While Hall and Shepard nail their parts, Don Johnson, still magnetic after all these years, steals the film as a sardonic private eye with a vintage cherry-red convertible.
[...] It's rare to see a movie where the first five minutes reveal almost nothing about what the audience can expect in the last five. [...] It looms over viewers like it can't wait to kick their ass. And then it kicks.
The film has both a giddy, escapist feel and a grim suspense, its self-conscious artificiality melding perfectly with its bare-bones emotional authenticity.
This relentless tale of small-town treachery spiralling into bloody vengeance is one of the year's best indie thrillers
While Jim Mickle's compositions lose much of their verve in the film's later half, his regard for the analog does not--and at the expense of perspective into his characters' emotional torque.
Jim Mickle remains firmly ensconced in B territory with this pulp crime thriller...Mickle may be just playing with genre, but at least he approaches it with vitality, inventiveness, and pleasure.
Mickle is the new Carpenter, and if you're into that kind of thing and haven't heard about him, you soon will.
About fathers and sons, the trespasses each make on their kin, sins and flat out cold-bloody revenge, Cold In July also has a lot more going on underneath the surface that one might expect for an elaborate genre film.
Any issues with the actual narrative fall away when one considers the risk-taking here. We need more risk-takers in horror and I can't wait to see what he does next.
A superior piece of Texas pulp fiction that starts out like a house on fire, sags a bit in the middle, then rallies for an exuberantly bloody finish.
Feels like a lost eighties John Carpenter movie- and I mean that in the best way. Don Johnson is stunningly good.

@highlight

Boasting plenty of twists, a suitably seedy tone, and a memorable supporting turn from Don Johnson, Cold in July proves an uncommonly rewarding thriller.