Katz is a triple threat, his editing every bit as important as his writing and directing for his movies' sense of place, shifting tonalities, and emotional vibrations.
'Cold Weather' is an engaging and inventive act of genre-tweaking with no bells and whistles attached, and it represents a huge leap forward for an increasingly promising filmmaker.
The movie is charming in spite of itself, even if you don't really care about the characters, the mystery or the resolution.
Katz here shows himself to also be one of the few American directors of his generation (he is 29) with a strong sense of composition and movement, sound design as suspense, landscape as character.
'Slow Cinema' at its slowest, this indie drama with comic touches is a dreary haul
A satisfying movie altogether, although in a lot of ways it feels like a step backwards for [director Aaron] Katz, artistically.
The result is pretty entertaining, though most of that entertainment derives from Katz's skillful exploitation of gumshoe formula.
It's as if the audience is being tested: can you appreciate such slow pacing and focus on character, or do you need your fix of Hollywood plot?
Katz is content to hang back with his easily relatable characters, dipping his toe into genre tropes as a way of examining the mystery of their general twentysomething malaise.
There are a few good moments. But not enough to make the journey necessary or justify the abrupt ending.
Minimalist to the point of self-indulgence though admirable in its economy, Cold Weather is a very different kind of thriller. Think Brick by way of Arthur Conan Doyle.
Cold Weather is not without its charm but it really does test the patience of the viewer.
It's an advance on Katz's other efforts.
Utterly delightful mumblecore mystery that plays like a slacker version of Sherlock Holmes and is by turns gripping, moving and laugh-out-loud funny, thanks to a superb script, engaging characters and terrific performances.
Some will respond to the film's mumbling minimalism and there is something mildly heart-warming in seeing aimless individuals gaining a sense of purpose.
Huh?
Andrew Reed's moody cinematography and Keegan DeWitt's percussive score reinforce the noir mood, as Katz plays delightfully droll games with genre convention.
American micro-budget auteur Aaron Katz makes a delightful leap forward with this slouchy, deadbeat mystery yarn.
Unfolding in wintry Portland, this is a beautifully photographed tale, where the mystery itself is a red herring.
As the practically somnambulist Doug, Lankenau has a ramshackle charm that recalls Mark Ruffalo, while Dunn does wonders with a part that has to be created mainly in reaction shots.
There are few conventional thrills on offer here, but plenty of humour and charm.
Katz's characters are beautifully observed, the autumnal photography of downtown Portland is lovely, and the tension is expertly maintained...
This is a slacker detective story, emphasis on the slack, and if you can downshift into its loping rhythms, it's pretty wonderful.
The obvious low, low budget is a mere obstacle for a filmmaker who uses intelligence, talent and humor to tell an entertaining yarn.
...a film that derives its tone from the Northwest coast that seeps into the characters who live there.
Cold Weather is good in so many subtle ways, I despair of doing them justice.
Just at the point of losing its audience, a nifty little film suddenly emerges.
It feels like you spend 96 minutes seeing the sights of Portland. This movie becomes tedious and the sluggish pace requires the viewer to have lots of patience.
Congenial, to be sure, but also so very subtle that it never becomes more than a confectionary dash of moody pleasantness.
Not for everyone. But for those who can revel in the moment, this seemingly nondescript effort offers some unexpected depths.
A clouds-and-all portrait of home that feels more like my town than just about anything I've ever seen -- a harder trick than it would seem, but one worthy of mastering.
The world's first mumblecore ''thriller" - a good idea for a movie that someone, in the future, should execute a bit less lackadaisically.
The strange moments are patiently drawn out and sometimes beautiful, but it's tough to open a film like this without establishing a character framework to build on.
Cold Weather is not near the kind of Marlowe-esque throwback to an era of tough guy speak that Brick was, but it never wanted to be. It is more about wannabes not quite sure what they wannabe.
Almost a textbook example of how to do more with less. It's about aimless people who suddenly find their aim.
Something finally happens about 40 minutes into Aaron Katz's amiably low-key feature.
...Cold Weather is a lot more than a well-observed but meager mood piece. It's a seemingly enigmatic but ultimately fully realized and generous cinematic experience.
The key to good mystery fiction is a sense of setting and characterization. This understated, naturalistic take on the detective story gets that right.
The movie is like a butterfly half out of its cocoon, emerging with many fond looks back to the protective walls.
The movie completely goes off the rails.
Mildly compelling and amusing, but somewhat uneven and dull. The sexy Trieste Kelly Dunn invigorates the film in a radiant, charismatic performance.
In terms of storytelling sophistication, his latest feature, Cold Weather -- despite the fact that it falls down cold in the last act -- feels like a step toward something bigger and better.
There's much to like in these chilly climes.
Can mumblecore make a decent crime thriller? From the evidence provided, the answer would be a qualified yes.
Well worth the trip.
"Cold Weather" is much less interested in providing a satisfying mystery than dwelling on the quirks of its aimless and awkward protagonist -- anyone unwilling to go along risks severe boredom.
With only the most natural of conversations and an exacting relay of close-ups, intimate two shots and meditative landscapes, Mr. Katz reveals how the self-knowing individual becomes known to others, and me turns into we.
A witty and funny mumblecore mystery.
The movie does have a charm that develops gradually.
The fact that the stakes end up being ridiculously low doesn't matter. That's just one more appealing element of the film's unconventional intrigue.
A detective movie that works much better as a story of sibling bonding.
Katz has honed the offhand observational techniques of mumblecore, gazing at characters and genre rather than navels; I can't wait to see where he looks next.
This amateur-detective tale ignores the clichés of the form to forge its own path, right up to its surprising ending.
The arrested-development movie meets Sherlock Holmes in Aaron Katz's accomplished, playful film about an aimless hero turned detective.
Not a riff on mystery stories so much as it is a riff, pure and simple, on the mystery of stories.
There is a decent story at the center of COLD WEATHER. Unfortunately, it is only about a half-hour long.
Ambitious, if not always satisfying.
Though the film doesn't always deliver on its ambitions, this clever mash-up of genres ripples with an ingratiating confidence.
Once the story picks up, however, damned if Katz doesn't create genuine suspense, even though the stakes are almost hilariously low.
Pic represents considerable progress for Katz, a founding member of the mumblecore movement.


@highlight

For viewers who manage to stay invested in its occasionally aimless story, Cold Weather proves a surprisingly sophisticated blend of mumblecore and indie noir.