...an above-average time travel picture that ultimately utilizes (and exploits) its out-there premise quite nicely.
The movie tries to be too visceral, and it just comes out as being repugnant
Ouch. Ouch. Ouch. So very bad.
It's a pretty dumb and utterly pretentious jumbled drama that is never sure what it's trying to say, or what in fact it means.
Tries hard to be affecting and mind-blowing, and sometimes it comes close.
More like "The Gag Reflex."
this is exactly the sort of movie I like to see.
Assez bien dans l'ensemble, mais la fascinante prémise n'est jamais vraiment exploité à sa hauteur.
Despite a fairly upbeat ending, the ugly images dominate the film with the time/reality plot a bloody nose afterthought.
Cool theories...don't necessarily guarantee good stories...[even if Ashton Kutcher] is repeatedly punk'd by the space-time continuum.
Walks a super-thin line between horrific believability and hilarious unbelievability.
One of the most thoughtful films of 2004.
Dumb fun, thy name is Ashton.
Pena que a dupla de roteiristas não pôde realizar façanha semelhante à do herói e voltar no tempo a fim de rever suas decisões: o último ato do filme merecia uma nova chance.
Una vez que creemos que el viaje es posible, podemos pasar a disfrutar por completo las secuencias.
If you want plot twists and mind-bending, just stick to 'The Usual Suspects' and 'Memento'
a true original - and while it quite possibly contains as many holes as its protagonist's memory, half the fun is finding your way through them.
Lobotomised entertainment that's dark, violent, and hilariously dumb.
An exercise in ponderous gloom and doom.
Scary and disturbing, but also somewhat simple-minded and repetitive.
The Butterfly Effect isn't Citizen Kane, but it is far and away the best teen film that I've seen since Ghostworld... Kutcher or not.
It's quite surprising, I would imagine, to find that one can go back in time, unusual enough almost to require an explanation in the film. These filmmakers see it differently.
Kutcher brings a necessary lightness to his role as the guy who seems to make things happen around him, but doesn't want to.
Dude, where's my memory?
Bress & Gruber dole out their surprises with a calm confidence that belies their relative inexperience.
A ludicrous supernatural thriller, packed with clichés, heavy-handed symbolism, stupid dialogue and over-acting.
somewhere in Asia a few years back, a fruit fly passed gas and unwittingly began an inexorable string of circumstances that has now resulted in Ashton Kutcher becoming a star.
The filmmakers defy audience expectations and keep suspense building by continually creating new crises for Evan to resolve.
When it's all said and done, there comes a not half-bad twist. But by this time, we've endured too many reprises of canine flambé, plus Eric Stoltz as a drooling pervert.
A good starting point for a movie that could have been even better if not for the lackluster efforts from those involved.
Consistently thoughtful and occasionally surprising--which, in the traditional January movie wasteland, is no small feat.
This is not your typical absurd time travel fantasy film: it's much worse.
Kutcher is perfectly serviceable in his first dramatic role after stints on TV's That '70s Show and in one-note laffers Dude, Where's My Car? and My Boss's Daughter.
This year's "Back to the Future"...Very inspired, and very imaginative
Nothing can save this repetitive bore. Dude, where's your memory?
Ashton Kutcher, you've been punk'd!
Not one second of this bilge makes a lick of sense.
Kutcher is the wrong actor to anchor a psychological freak-out.
Too self-consciously silly to support the promising premise
Time travel for the MTV generation.
Kutcher's real problem is that he didn't pose the question, 'Dude, where's my script?'
Directors Eric Bress and J. Mackye Gruber try to do something creative and moody and ominous. Unfortunately, they don't try hard enough, and their movie falls to pieces.
Rather than the butterfly effect, the real idea of the film seems to be the Murphy effect.
...a cockeyed and pseudo-driven theatrics showcase that squanders its suspenseful intent...a disturbing yet disjointed ball of a metaphysical mess
The Butterfly Effect is just a puzzle, but it's a clever one.
The film suffers mightily from [Kutcher's] troubles, despite excellent turns from Amy Smart and no fewer than six fine child actors.
for people who like to think about things without really [I]thinking[/I] about them
It's as if [Kutcher] decided that he would prove himself as a dramatic actor by trying out every clichéd serious role in the history of cinema.
Supernatural nonsense delivered to us in a pretty but vacuous package.
If you're able to observe things without the intention of analyzing every detail until they make perfect sense, then this is quite an observant moviegoeing experience.
Pushing the easiest viewer-response buttons that horror can offer, [it has] no understanding of the genre beyond its capacity for freak show sensationalism.
Throw out the sad little time travel nitpicks and any lingering resentment you may have towards Ashton Kutcher.
I wanted "The Butterfly Effect" to end long before the completion of its near two-hour run time.
The message we take away seems to be that if you're screwed, you're screwed, and there's nothing you can do about it.
...if this film were independently produced and released only on the art-house circuit critics would be knifing each other for a chance to praise its 'haunting power.'
a twisted tale that incorporates child pornography, a dog being set aflame, a mother and baby being blown to smithereens by an exploding mailbox...oppressively unpleasant
The first great motion picture of 2004, and certain to be one of the best of the whole year.
A drama with an intriguing conceit, brought low by a miscast Ashton Kutcher.
If I could go back in time and change things, like they do in "Butterfly Effect," I sure wouldn't sit through the movie the first time.
As energetic and juicy as some of this film is, it's also built on a shaky foundation of implausibilities.
Unpolished, weirdly lurid.
This is fun movie, not a great one, but a fun one.
It all becomes exhausting and monotonous in the extreme, but you keep watching in a state of disbelief at the sheer 'try anything' desperation of it.
While it nimbly walks the line between absurdity and suspense for a while, it is Kutcher's hammy, amateurish (hammateurish?) performance that finally knocks it over the edge.
It's one of the most unpleasant Hollywood films in some time.
The Butterfly Effect may be a little too unconventional to succeed with a mass audience, but... [t]his one isn't another cookie-cutter thriller off the assembly line.
The writing/directing duo behind the overly-gory but occasionally clever Final Destination 2 take their material entirely too seriously this time around.
Some chill-inducing special effects, but the movie never evolves into the tightly wound thriller it delights in threatening to be.
Cheap thrills and trashy fun but hey, it’s January, I’ll take whatever thrills and fun I can get, however cheap or trashy.
A flawed but serviceable thriller.
Sloppily conceived and clunkily paced, the movie goes from improbable to preposterous within its first few minutes; over the next two hours the filmmakers never miss a chance for some gratuitous piece of sadism, sexuality or sleaze.
Deeply disturbing material -- murder, suicide, insanity, kiddie porn, animal abuse and more -- mixes uncomfortably with the film's time-travel conceit, which requires some serious suspension of disbelief.
A grim and gruesome sci-fi thriller that labours to demonstrate [Kutcher's] range as a dramatic actor.
Ultimately just feels like a mess, screeching back and forth in time, dragging its actors from one miserable scene to another.
It's trash, and yet there will always be a place for this kind of trash at the movies.
The whole movie is a stain, or a blot, or just an absurd mistake.
Kutcher makes an agreeable traveling companion and guide here, and he turns in a performance that's modest and believable.
A surprisingly watchable B-movie thriller with its fair share of nifty twists.
For a while this is kind of fun.
Kutcher scores laughs, both intentional and otherwise, and only seems at home in those Dude, Where's My Car? moments. And dude brings everybody else down with him.
Mediocre but not embarrassing, it's a good star vehicle for an actor of Kutcher's range.
The twists and tendrils don't withstand close or even not-so-close scrutiny.
Fantastically incoherent at times, yet it manages to be entertaining and thoroughly unpredictable.
Better than you might expect despite its awkward, slow beginning, drawing you in gradually and paying off in surprisingly effective and bittersweet ways.
Where this strangely obsessive, peculiarly exploitative, time-traveling psycho-thriller goes with its aberrant ideas is mighty dubious.
An ambitious, thoughtful and challenging film with layers of serious ideas.
It tries to be many things, fails at most of them, but emerges as surprisingly serviceable entertainment, a silly slick piece of trash.
What if on my way to the screening, something had intervened -- a runaway bus, a lightning bolt -- to prevent me from ever seeing this movie. How would my life have changed? Would I have become a happier, a kinder, a less bitter and disappointed man?
Chalk this up as another misfire in Kutcher's big-screen career.
The makers of this highly flawed science-fiction thriller have filled it with interesting concepts. Unfortunately, the majority of those have been executed so poorly that the whole thing becomes laughable.
The concept is much cooler than the execution.
In the grand tradition of The Conqueror and Showgirls, Ashton Kutcher's first drama is funnier than his last three comedies put together.
A dopey script personified by Kutcher's dopey, immutable hair style morphs Rashomon into Dude, Where's My Karma?
When the risks pay off, they do with such power that viewers who want to admire the film are left in agony by the foolhardy risks that never should have been taken.
What's sleazy, prominently features the untalented Ashton Kutcher and isn't a supermarket tabloid?
There's so much flashing forward and backward, so many spins of fate, so many chapters in the journals, that after awhile I felt that I, as well as time, was being jerked around.
A film of singularly boneheaded conceits, Butterfly is populated by, and appears to have been made by, stoned college dudes more hung up on oh-wow twists than the need to make sense.
The insensitive execution results in a Twilight Zone twist as imagined by Charles Manson.
There is a difference between the thrilling and the merely cruel. The Butterfly Effect fails because it can't make that distinction.
A thoughtful, rapid-paced thriller.
[I]f I could go back in time and prevent Ashton Kutcher's agent from being born... then my brain would be flooded with memories of an Ashton Kutcher-free multiplex!
Great premise - but there's something about it that doesn't quite gel.
Although adequately produced, this teen flick is poorly acted and derivative of the 'same-old same-old.'
The movie's focus is excessively local -- there are no Hitlers or Elvises or Skynets here, just a series of minor and major disasters, each making someone's life unbearable.
The first 'must see' movie of the year.
If you thought the molestation, death, torture and suicide were leading up to flowers and candy, you can't really blame the movie for letting you down.
'The Butterfly Effect' takes what could have been a one-joke premise and comes up with a lot of impressive riffs on familiar material.
Ashton Kutcher wants to be taken seriously so badly it hurts. So does this metaphysical mess of a movie...
A simpler, less cluttered narrative would have made for a more engrossing and affecting drama.
An over-the-top supernatural thriller so ridiculous it's unintentionally funnier than some of his recent comedies like My Boss's Daughter.
If you approach this movie in the right frame of mind -- that is, with total contempt -- you can still enjoy it as a comedy.
Full of interesting ideas but suffers from an unevenness of tone and from a smothering, unpleasant atmosphere that often makes watching it a chore.
Chaos theory is true after all: Ashton Kutcher flaps his mouth at Demi's Idaho ranch and bad movies happen here.
Dude, where's more thrillers as good as this one?
This movie is thinking -- it's not always thinking straight, but it's always thinking.
The real beauty of the script is Kutcher, who technically embodies several different versions of his character but only had to act one way.
uses a series of disturbingly dark events to spin off story threads that become more and more hysterical...the results are sickening and silly
In an era of senseless action and lobotomized scripts that rely too heavily on special effects, even the modest food for thought offered by 'The Butterfly Effect' is welcome.
Gruber and Bress up the nastiness ante without connecting any of it to their central idea, and the result is a slasher flick that thinks it's art.
A moderately intriguing, character-driven tale with the young Kutcher turning in a convincing performance.
[Kutcher] is far less interesting than Effect's concept, which in turn is far more interesting than witnessing its botch of an execution.
With better direction and a better-suited leading man, this really could have worked.
At times its awfulness becomes so awesome, it almost must be seen to be believed.
Even by the lax standards of January film releases -- this month is the traditional dumping time for studio films that didn't quite work out -- The Butterfly Effect is staggeringly bad.
As soon as I finish writing this review, I'm going to try traveling a few hours in the past. That way, I can improve my life by skipping this movie!
May be the best movie Ashton Kutcher's fans will never see.
While The Butterfly Effect isn't profoundly philosophical stuff, it is an intriguing look at how the past shapes the future...
Maladroit exploitation flick.
For the record, The Butterfly Effect has absolutely nothing to do with butterflies, and its only obvious 'effect' is to make you want to take a shower.
[Kutcher] can no more bear the emotional weight of this character than a Pomeranian can pull a dogsled.
Unfortunately, Kutcher has yet to make Ashton Kutcher Dates Demi Moore: The Movie, so his endless Us Weekly coverage hasn't translated into quality filmmaking.
Profoundly knuckleheaded.
Badly acted, erratically scripted and ultra-violent.
A morbid tale that careens from child porn to animal abuse to babies being blown up by dynamite.
If I could go back in time, I'd try to talk myself out of deciding to watch this movie.
Overwritten, overplotted, overacted, risibly incomprehensible.
Overwrought, over-the-top, ham-fisted potboiler.
Aside from this movie's switcheroos, it's hard to pinpoint the entertainment value here.
It's a movie as ridiculously weird as it is ludicrously stitched together.
It's a viable concept with many Ray Bradbury-inspired possibilities, but (writer-directors) Bress and Gruber obviously didn't examine their plot twists for plot holes.
À la base, The Butterfly Effect est une version sadique de Groundhog Day...
You've got to hand it to a movie brazen enough to kill both animals and babies in bids for audience sympathy.
A great little genre picture that wallows in ugliness, child abuse, animal abuse, classism, and misogyny.
"The Butterfly Effect" tries to prove that small actions have big effects... but it really proves that January movies tend to suck.
...curiously entertaining...
By the time Kutcher makes his umpteenth time jump, I was praying that we would all end up landing in a better movie.
overdone, but still affecting
Outlandish premise. Cleverly executed.
A frustrating film that, while laughably bad, is based on an intriguing premise.
The Butterfly Effect is a wonderfully intelligent piece that ties all its fluffy cinematic bows properly...
As a thriller, The Butterfly Effect is iffy and uneven, but as a portrait of a people, it's effective and intriguing.
When called upon to exhibit emotional angst, [Kutcher] seems to be suffering the ill effects of consuming an overripe burrito with predictable results
Style takes precedence over substance, special effects over smart scripting, and jumpy scares over solid theatrics.
This is a compelling and intriguing movie that toys with the powers of choice and chance in a way that is not overused.
The tale is completely undermined by one inescapable fact: Ashton Kutcher blows the whole deal.
Dreary and overfamiliar -- a strained bid for Donnie Darko cult cred on the part of its star.
An entertaining piece of supernatural nonsense whose sheer audacity disarms all (well, nearly all) skepticism.
Ultimately more chore than pleasant diversion. After sitting through nearly two hours of this movie, you might welcome a blackout yourself.
Hitchcock would be proud.












@highlight

The premise is intriguing, but it's placed in the service of an overwrought and tasteless thriller.