An indie bittersweet comedy gem.
The film's grungy, ultra-low-budget look, thanks to the Safdie's handheld camera, is just right for catching the crummy, hardscrabble, rat-infested milieu.
Takes a little while to find its way but becomes steadily more compelling as Lenny's character and considerable issues come into focus.
Hitchcock would have loved it, even wrapped in the Safdies scruffy enigma of a movie.
Most directors are, in fact, inspiring performers who reserve their performances for cast and crew; Bronstein is among the most self-unsparing and inspired of them, and his performance in the movie is a treasure.
Bronstein's loose-limbed performance as the brash, irresponsible father of two young boys establishes him as a genuine triple threat.
If Daddy Longlegs is influenced by Cassavetes, well, that's not a bad thing. Few filmmakers have the nerve to travel that path.
The Safdies deserve respect for surviving their childhood, if not for making a film about it that refuses to amuse or indict.
A poignant, emotionally rich, sometimes playful, beautifully filmed tale of fractured fatherhood in New York City.
Daddy Longlegs may shock you, but it will also make you reexamine your ideas about parenthood, and what it means to be a father.
Daddy Longlegs is all jangly and raw. The hand-held camera is almost as much of a presence in the film as Lenny is.
For about an hour, Josh and Benny Safdie's trendy indie about a deadbeat dad taking care of his two boys for two weeks in Manhattan seems like the kind of movie in which you hate everybody -- especially the directors.
The movie picks away at the standard, glamorized depictions of life in New York to arrive at a different, essential truth.
The episodic, well-acted tale has a strange kind of charm.
At its best, this beautiful, off-the-cuff comedy-drama recalls John Cassavetes' shaggiest, most honest work.
A caustic, surreal character study about what it means to be a parent, folded into a low-budget, naturalistic, urban documentary with jittery camera-work.
Bronstein's performance and the gentle, unforced directorial work by the Safdies distinguish a film about an all-too-undistinguished father.
It's heartrending, and it wouldn't be heartrending if it weren't authentic in its texture.
A risky, heartbreaking exercise in empathy toward a person who may not deserve it.
Has the heartfelt acuity of autobiography, but not enough shape and direction to pace an unsentimental poignant story, and no explanation for the dad's almost crazy behavior.
Has a certain dark charm if you can put up with very jittery camera work and editing.
At first glance, the laughing, wisecracking, adventure-promoting dad in Daddy Longlegs seems like a parent any kid would love to have.
As it stands, the film is a notable misfire.
a quintessential New York movie, filled with hobos who can list their qualifications, hard-ass bosses, and a robber trying to sell Bill Withers albums
Handmade New York indie about a disheveled, divorced dad on his annual two-week time with his kids was likely cathartic for the sibling filmmakers, but the movie shambles as much as its protagonist.
Seamlessly strung together with a funny-sad tenderness and a gliding casualness that's more purposeful and believable than the unrefined improvisations of most DIY cinema.
Easily the most provocative film I've seen in ages, one that pushed me way out of my comfort zone and yet kept me spellbound throughout.
A funny, fantastic, genuinely alarming quasi-autobiographical cheapster by twentysomething New York brothers Josh and Benny Safdie.



@highlight

Raw, honest, and jarring, Daddy Longlegs sets a spellbinding new standard for DIY cinema.