Doesn't succeed in everything it sets out to do, but as a statement about the death rattle of 60s counterculture it's thoughtful and affecting.
A sad tale of isolation and love.
The Ballad of Jack and Rose, like the community it elucidates, is not perfect. Like the people who try so desperately to make the most of the world in which they live, it is full of flaws, inconsistencies, and shortcomings.
Belle uses her blank, doll-like beauty to unnerving effect: she has the vulnerability--and the amorality--of an unbroken colt. Keener, who usually plays brittle, angry urban women, has never been so touching.
A disjointed collection of characters whose dysfunctional behavior modes only reinforce the aimlessness of the narrative.
It is the harbinger of great films to come from an exceptional screenwriter and director.
Belle is equally good, proving that she's a real movie star in the making - there's a sort of feral energy to Rose that's genuinely scary and disturbingly unpredictable.
It's about two-thirds a great movie and worth it for those two-thirds.
Generally it works, thanks to the terrific performances.
A fable of the end of innocence, complete with such symbols of paradise lost as a snake (a fugitive copperhead) and a toppled playhouse.
As indie efforts go, The Ballad of Jack and Rose pushes a lot of the classic indie audience buttons, coupled with some depressingly mainstream ones.
Ballad wears out one tale before its end.
[A] strange blend of a daughter's coming of age and a father's advancing toward death.
The always-superb Day-Lewis and bright newcomer Belle almost redeem this pretentious, improbable scenario. But almost isn't enough.
Poignant, melancholic and a little strange, The Ballad of Jack and Rose is an effective rendering of the loss of innocence and the acceptance that some ideals can't survive in a modern world.
Rebecca Miller's third feature begins as a two-character drama, and it would have been so much better if it had stayed that way.
Murky, disturbing stuff that most of the time does better at repelling viewers than compelling them to stick around to see what happens next.
The entire movie seems to be suffering from the same suffocating disease as Jack.
Doesn't seem to know what it wants to be, and that's right down to its artificial-feeling ending.
We leave this movie hoping to see Miller and Lewis together again soon.
Performances are exceptional in this melodramatic film from the daughter of Arthur Miller.
Daniel Day-Lewis gives the first great performance of 2005.
Cinematic flourishes intoxicate until the hangover of retrospect sets in, and you recognize the unhealthiness of the filial relationship this scene has celebrated.
Jack's realizations, particularly vis-à-vis his daughter, offer rich dramatic possibilities.
It's all strange and mildly unpleasant and self-consciously arty.
It's generally a bad sign when you find yourself actively longing for the deadly copperhead snake that co-stars to take a nice, juicy bite out of the alleged protagonist.
The film's characters serve their schematic functions in Miller's story and never stray outside them.
If Miller's drama begins as a wistful ballad, it decomposes into an overwrought dirge.
While I appreciate and respect Miller's focus on nature and innocence, I couldn't help but feel the film was puffed up and sustaining itself on esoteric nonsense.
The appeal of the piece is limited; the telling of it is accomplished
Day-Lewis brings the picture closer, by himself, to the ballad of its title than to the dirge it constantly threatens to be.
The movie's few flaws do a lot of damage to an otherwise skillfully crafted film
Think of it as an somewhat self-conscious, sensitive, offbeat tone poem.
Jack and Rose's ballad is a sour song punctuated by ugly behavior from characters who are supposed to be sympathetic.
A tune that humorlessly circles back in on itself, sounding seductive in parts but leaving dissatisfaction in its wake.
If there was a profound message, I missed it.
A quiet, character-driven piece that slowly gets too big for itself.
The Ballad of Jack & Rose gets caught up in incidental distractions that lead the drama astray.
The schematic design behind her plot and characters is so rigidly predetermined that nothing feels lifelike despite the naturalistic acting and filmmaking.
The premise here has terrific potential, and I felt affection for all the characters.
It's somehow out of sync with its own rhythms and moods, thus its impact is much slighter than might be expected from an idea approached with intelligence and insight by Rebecca Miller and conveyed by as talented a clutch of actors.
The slight characters combine with trite and pretentious symbolism to the point where the film is almost a parody of itself.
Suffers from narrative shapelessness. It's hard to tell what message Miller is trying to convey.
Overall, it comes across as a shapeless, self-reflexive, well-acted psychodrama.
Day-Lewis IS Jack, but no matter how large a font you could use on that capitalized two-letter word, it still wouldn't do his performance justice.
Suffers from a failure of nerve.
Most of The Ballad of Jack and Rose takes itself too seriously.
A film of scenes, not a cohesive whole.
Day-Lewis is a great actor, but his choices show a solemn earnestness that may be hurting his career (and talent?).
A potent, mesmerizing drama of a counterculture Adam and Eve and their expulsion from paradise.
Few of the characters make sense, title characters included.
Even with such a powerhouse actor as Day-Lewis, this movie belongs to Rose, who is sensitively played by Camilla Belle, an accomplished young actress who should have a bright future.
Explores the dangers of idealism, of belief and even beauty, with a touch that's neither overly cynical nor sentimental, even though it does slip logically here and there.
It's well-sung and performed but less than stirring.
It contains elements that prove engrossing, even as certain symbolic gestures (the repeated use of a snake, for example) slither depressingly into view.
Miller can rightly be celebrated as a wonderful short-story director in that her gift for detail mines the particular intimacy of its characters even as it delivers works of mythlike mood.
Miller takes on a topic few filmmakers would dare to touch -- the corruption of love -- with astonishing compassion, fierce intelligence and a delicate but always sure touch.
An absorbing experience.
Indulgent, shapeless, and full of well-meant but ponderous pieties and psychologically driven mayhem.
A dreary dirge of a movie that's less about real human beings than characters who are little more than literary contrivances, though well acted ones.
Given the title of this movie (and knowing how most country-western ballads turn out), you know things aren't going to end all peachy-keen for this father and daughter.
An unusual, striking story with top-notch performances.
On paper, Ballad has it all.
Miller's films take us into moments of lives that we feel we should not be watching; their intimacies are as skinless and raw as their rite-of-passage situations.
An engaging battle between terrific acting and a flawed script. Unfortunately, the actors -- including Daniel Day-Lewis, Catherine Keener and extraordinary newcomer Camilla Belle -- lose.
Mr. Day-Lewis is particularly outstanding as a man out of time and out of touch. His gaunt face (he lost several pounds for the role) registers the anxiety and futile determination of someone slowly imploding. He makes the whole thing worthwhile.
The performances may ultimately not be able to conquer the overpowering artiness of Miller's approach, but they do manage to render it somewhat less airless.
The film disappoints, partly because it inspires such large expectations.
Jack and Rose isn't about right or wrong as much as it's about figuring out how to be true to yourself.
Like a trip to visit the fascinating relatives you spend the other 364 days of the year pretending you're not related to...
Dull, pointless film that grows increasingly out-of-control due to Miller's contrived script. Day-Lewis turns in his usual brooding performance that somehow passes for genius.
It's hard not to sing the praises of The Ballad of Jack & Rose.
Genuine and well-acted, Ballad has the potential to resonate deeply for those who allow it, most likely as it begins to settle in over the days that follow.
Rebecca Miller is no tragedian like her dad. She's a lyrical poet with an elliptical turn of mind...despite moments of beauty and mystery, ultimately it's a muddle.
A languidly paced disappointment.
McDonald is wholly convincing as the frightened but also enticed boy, and for the few minutes he's in focus, the film seems poised to take flight.
Miller freely uses the unusual as an allegory for the most usual of subjects: parentage and the rocky path from childhood to adulthood.
Director Rebecca Miller's latest is obvious, heavy-handed and muddled. Still, this examination of a father-daughter relationship, with a side of pudding-headed politics, isn't without merit.
Certainly there's no such thing as spending too much time with your child. Or is there?
When Daniel Day-Lewis sprays lead in his new film, though, we're supposed to consider him a misunderstood romantic, a crusading outlaw. Bob Dylan keeps popping up on the soundtrack to make sure you get the point.
The sheer talent of the great Daniel Day-Lewis carries the film through its rough patches, making the movie, first and foremost, another showcase for the world's most gifted actor.
There is something garish about watching a father and daughter struggle with the snake of incest in their ill-advised Garden of Eden.
The film feels less mythic than self-consciously portentous.
A fine cast gives their director beautifully shaded performances, but the writer squanders them on a pretentiously meaningless story with...a creepy incestuous theme.
The Ballad of Jack and Rose is an often engrossing character piece, filled with small moments of beauty and sadness.
Saddled with a highly sentimental opening and an overly dramatic end, "The Ballad of Jack and Rose" has a rich and hilarious middle that truly makes the film worth watching.
When the father and daughter are left to their own devices, the film plods along with four endings.
Deep, rich and altogether satisfying.
Its inscrutability and standoffishness make The Ballad of Jack & Rose more boring than watching someone else knit.
A special film full of colorful characters that spring to life thanks to an amazing ensemble cast
Combining an actor you can't take your eyes off with unapologetically emotional material makes The Ballad of Jack & Rose a model of artistic, provocative American filmmaking.
The plot of The Ballad of Jack and Rose relies overmuch on contrivances, but the viewer ends up liking the characters enough that it's hard not to forgive such narrative hiccups.
Too self-consciously offbeat for its own good.
Strangely moving.
Rebecca Miller's attempt to elevate a small Oedipal story about two damaged souls into a grandiloquent epic misses by a significantly wide mark.
The whole story feels like an exercise in manufactured emotion, tortured contrivance, narrative shortcutting and easy morality.
Marvelously acted.
As an investigation of disturbing behavior, the film is near perfect. As a dramatic creation, Miller's inventive filmmaking skills have failed her.
A bold and compelling film that explores the passionate connection between a fiery idealist and his sixteen-year old daughter.
An art house pretender, it's nothing more than another film on the level of a TV disease movie of the week.
Miller's theme is innocence, the loss of it, and the reclamation of equanimity in the face of that loss, and the music she makes is haunting.
[Lewis'] turn as lifestyle extremist Jack carries an authentic scent of tobacco and peat while much of the movie smells of the lamp.
Intriguing and disquietingly bizarre.
A myth-like tale of a powerful father-daughter attachment.
The mesmerizing aesthetics of the film are indisputable.
Ballad of Jack and Rose is a decidedly mixed bag. Well-intentioned and superbly-acted, the film grows increasingly sentimental, rambling, and diffuse as it progresses.
Faint clues and indirections fly all over the film and, although perhaps unintentional, cry for clarification which never comes.
It's hard to feel any sense of tragedy, much less sympathy, for a parent whose idea of child rearing borders on abuse.






@highlight

Heavy on the symbolism and overly contrived.