A true pleasure. [Full review in Spanish]
Julie & Julia was pure entertainment. The title of this film should be amended to Julie, Julia, & Nora. Nora Ephron's script and direction, along with the performances of Meryl Streep and Amy Adams, add up to one joyous picture.
Overall, a delicious film.
Streep is mannered and camp... gleefully impersonating Child's eccentric demeanour and hooting voice. Yet her performance brims over with such joy and mirth and love that it's hard not to be won over.
Julie & Julia is a delectable cinematic concoction about two food-loving women.
Streep does an amazing job bringing television cooking legend Julia Child to life and making us smile every frame of the way.
Half-baked comedy barely whets the appetite.
You might dismiss this as a "chick flick", but I think anyone can enjoy it. You don't have to leave your "Manly-Man" card at the door.
Two true stories are merged into one delicious treat of a film in Julie & Julia.
Considering the movie acknowledges it's perfectly healthy for women to enjoy both eating and sex, it qualifies as something rare in Hollywood: a feminist work of popular art.
A misguided film of differing expectations saved only by its performances.
Two movies for the price of one. Half is about the famous French cooking maven (and CIA agent). The other is about a blogger who launched a writing career blogging about her attempt to cook all the recipes in Child's cookbook. All it is lacking is a plot.
It's the 'yum' factor
The human cornucopia that is Streep is carrying the energy and feel-goodness of this movie. Adams is providing her natural comic timing and sweetness to make Powell as human as possible, and she succeeds more than I would have thought possible, though Ju
...an easy-going, pleasant film...
A charming and witty biographical tale of two women who were brought together as soul mates through the art of food and the joy of cooking...
Pretty light stuff, and the movie's only goal seems to be to convey that fluffiness, as both lives are milked for generally positive comic and romantic moments.
Amy Adams is so meek she echoes Cynthia Nixon's waif servant in Forman's Amadeus. In fact, for a moment I thought she was Ms. Nixon, until I remembered that Amadeus was twenty-five years ago.
Poderia ser descrito como dois médias-metragens montados paralelamente num único longa %u2013 e o fato é que, por mais adorável que Adams seja, é a história protagonizada por Meryl Streep que segura o projeto.
click to read the full review on Movies for the Masses
What makes this film memorable and pleasurable, above all, is the ebullient performance of Meryl Streep as Julia Child, unlikely culinary trailblazer and TV star.
As food movies go -- and they've become a genre of their own -- this one may be a little too rich but it's full of delights.
Ebullient, witty, and wonderfully warm-hearted Julie & Julia is a celebration of how to live life to the full.
Another patchy effort from director Nora Ephron who doesn't quite get a grip on this potentially fascinating story.
Like a beautiful home cooked meal, Julie & Julia is not perfect by industry standards, just warm, comforting and very, very enjoyable.
Nora Ephron serves up a hearty silver-service banquet with a story that links the lives of two exceptional American women.
With great panache, it celebrates butter, bravery, and believing in oneself, all excellent things, brilliantly executed
It's a delicious, irresistible film whose primary exuberance and pull is created by the combined forces of Meryl Streep and Amy Adams %u2013 their second pairing after Doubt, in which they also hit the acting jackpot
Who cannot relate to Julia enrolling in the all-male Cordon Bleu Cooking School, crying buckets as she practises chopping mountains of onions?
A bland blend of two half-baked stories. Julie & Julia spends so long celebrating the art of cooking, it forgets to be dramatic, romantic or funny.
There are few more civilised, civilising and generally delightful movies around at the moment than Nora Ephron's Julie & Julia.
An adorable and entertaining film that is appealing to the appetite.
Julie & Julia is a very American kind of money-spinner. Crucially, though, it is never dumb.
Deliciously funny and warming fare, for which the amazing Meryl deserves her ridiculously overdue third Oscar.
A film that's charming, funny - especially when Streep is on screen, broadcasting her superb impression of the tall, charismatic, high-pitched Child - but leaves you with a dissatisfaction with modern life that no culinary masterpiece can relieve.
Meryl Streep at her most relaxed and enjoyable is a main course in herself. Pity we have to share her with a side order of Nora Ephron at her least appetizing.
Julie & Julia is a highly polished piece of upmarket entertainment, brimming with beautiful interiors. If you throw in the lavish helpings of food porn it's almost like a colour supplement come to life.
A dose of stodgy comfort food in the form of a complacent, mediocre film, with an exasperatingly flaccid and anti-climactic ending.
It's refreshing to see male performers being towered over by female leads. It's even more refreshing to watch a film that exults in the pleasures of uxoriousness.
Julie & Julia seems satisfied to fall short of its potential - whether as an insightful romantic comedy or an exploration of food lust - relying on Streep to carry the film with her witty turn as Child.
Think of it like a good soufflé: deliciously sweet and airy without the cloying aftertaste. You'll want more.
Hollywood, famously, makes few movies aimed at older females because young men are much easier to satisfy. Julie & Julia is that rare film targeted at your mum, but we think you'll enjoy it too.
Ultimately, the film - a celebration of friendship and wise choices of spouse - belongs to Streep...and the lingering food porn shots...
The pace is so slow-braised that the year of cooking seems to pass in real time, and Adams' usual charm is hindered by a bad wig and constant blubbing.
Julie & Julia is a heartfelt, deliciously shot, and beautifully designed romp, studded with fine performances that are endearingly cheery, inspirational and funny. It's a must-see for anyone who loves to eat.
Julie & Julia is among the most heart-warming, feelgood films of the year, and so joyously obsessed with food that it might be described as a feed-good movie.
While both actresses deserve credit, it's Streep who dominates and deserves to be put in contention for her third Oscar. Deftly playing the dotty masterchef - complete with a brilliantly squawking laugh - it's an amusing but respectful imitation.
Julie & Julia is an unmissable treat for food lovers - just make sure you eat beforehand.
Like being force-fed a dish of candied pecans, smothered in honey, washed down with a bottle of Eiswein. By the end of it you're screaming for a tumbler of vinegar cut with lemon juice and a nice sprinkling of asafoetida.
The movie is not objectionable - it's very affectionate, and has a light comic tone - but it is insufferable. Tweeness and whimsy eclipse any spark of thoughtfulness. The resulting confection is two hours of drama-less self-congratulation.
A tasty little confection inspired by two true stories.
Comfort viewing for credit-crunch times, this over-long movie is cosy, bland, a bit sugary and totally undemanding. The cinematic equivalent of sticking your brain inside a warm oven.
Worth seeing for the performances, but the endings of both stories are oddly unsatisfying and it never really comes together as a single film.
Ephron reunites with Streep for this slightly overlong and very girly drama based on two true stories, both of which are involving and well-played. The comedy is earthy and real, and the film looks good enough to eat.
The ham, madam? It's very much on, in this bland gastro-mantic comedy that needs much less sugar and a hell of a lot more bite.
Ultimately, two different stories in the one movie format works only to a point. Julia's story sizzles while Julie's merely simmers. It's still satisfying stuff, but I doubt you'll return for second helpings.
Julie & Julia serves up two true stories for the price of one, with results that are only half-way satisfying.
Like a souffle. Fluffy and delicious, and often this close to collapsing.
This kind of film should teach you something about the art of cooking and make you hungry. It does both and the results, while not overpowering are sweet and succulent.
Meryl Streep's performance brings Julia Child to vivid life ... As Nora Ephron herself has said: "She plays all of us better than we play ourselves."
This delectable, adorable movie - yes that's the proper word for it - definitely leaves one hungering for another helping.
awash in culinary imagery, and it's enough to make you want to run out, purchase some Le Creuset cookware, and start deboning a duck
Any movie that follows parallel stories runs the danger that one will be superior to the other, but the disparity is especially wide in Nora Ephron's Julie & Julia.
The main reason for seeing this is Meryl Streep's deft comic performance as the fluttery TV chef.
A delightful dessert of a movie.
Sometimes a meal can be less than perfect but still so thoroughly enjoyable that a missed ingredient here or a bit of overcooking there doesn't really matter.
Julie & Julia is one of the gentlest, most charming American movies of the past decade.
There's a scene in the movie when Julie is watching SNL and Dan Aykroyd is doing his famous Julia Childs impersonation and it's not that much different than Streep's version. Too cartoony. But Adams is fantastic!
Nora Ephron's winning new movie is a tonic for those seeking something different from the usual summer fare of explosions, aliens and all things gone berserk. And what a swell departure it is.
It's a movie to savor.
Cutesy kitchen antics aside, one senses here -- across class lines, fifty years and an ocean -- huge shifts in the perception of romance, of profession, of identity.
The Amy Adams half is shallow enough, and too inclined towards writer-director Nora Ephron's worst habits, that it manages to wreck what would otherwise be a good enough bit of fun.
As Child would have told you, a soufflé isn't a filling meal.
One can't help but wonder if Ephron would've been better off focusing exclusively on Child: She's simply more interesting screen company. But Ephron's commercial touch serves her well here.
Julia Child's letters home are vivacious, illustrating her generosity and wit, her resolve and sense of humor.
Julie & Julia is a scrumptious delight... a vivacious pleasure. In the word of both Julie and Julia: Yum.
As a writer herself and a woman in an even more cutthroat business, you would think that Ephron might shed off her usual goody-goody fantasies and stick one to Powell. Heh, ridicule in a Nora Ephron film? Even Julia Child would raspberry that one.
Even Streep inevitably falls victim to Ephron's one-note modus operandi...
... savor the genius of Streep whipping her high-pitched Julia accent into a froth as she chops a mountain of onions into submission.
A tasty dual biography.
This may not be a great movie, but it's a sweet, funny, enjoyable work with characters it's possible to care about and fine performances straight across the board.
Meryl is magnificent and the humor is good, but the movie overall is fairly ordinary
This is yet another movie that will leave Meryl Streep's legion of fans convinced she can do anything (except sing, as Mamma Mia proved).
Perhaps the most disappointing thing about Julie & Julia is the lack of dramatic closure.
Thoroughly wonderful
Less Julie and more Julia, and you'd have the perfect recipe...
If it weren't for the sheer brilliance of Streep and on-screen husband Stanley Tucci, this would be an easy skip.
Meryl Streep is terrific. She will be again the darling of the award show season.
If Norah Ephron had better producers around to save her from herself, "Julie & Julia" could have been the movie it wants to be--that is a Julia Child biopic with Meryl Streep doing a fantastic job as the television chef that taught America how to cook.
While Julie needs the Julia tale, the story of Julia would have been just fine without Julie. In fact it would have probably been better.
Channeling Julia Child had to be a challenge for Meryl Streep, and I do not mean just getting that distinctive voice down. Streep not only nails the voice, but the body language as well. ...And amazingly, she embodies the great chef's spirit.
The main reason the Child half of Julie & Julia soars is that Streep so fully inhabits the woman.
Poor Amy Adams has been thrown on the barbecue; by contrast, Streep's scenes as Julia Child are as delightful as a slice of watermelon.
Tasty mostly because Meryl Streep as the daffy American chef Julia Child nails her role with perfection.
A refreshingly-charming take on an enduring cultural icon and a lady now likely to go down in history as her #1 fan.
Schizophrenic as it is, Julie & Julia is very fortunate to have Meryl Streep holding up both hers and everyone else's soufflé to keep the proceedings passably entertaining.
Ephron's cuisine is clearly undercooked. Amy Adams Powell serves the main dish. It misses key ingredients causing you to long for more of Meryl Streep's scrumptious dessert.
Don't go see Julie & Julia, a delightful culinary treat, on an empty stomach %u2013 unless, of course, you are a masochist.
Julie & Julia features two dramatically inert story lines and two firecracker actresses.
Meryl Streep is Julia Child -- in a movie that needs more of her.
An epicurean delight!
Streep's a walking, talking, rising soufflé who refuses to fall. A vibrating baguette. An impassioned risotto. (Do the French eat risotto?) Streep clearly energizes every scene she's in--and in those she sadly isn't.
In a movie about as diametrically opposed to what you normally expect from Streep (this is no Sophie's Choice), she seems to be relishing every chance to be silly, goofy, and funny.
Meryl Streep and Amy Adams are great fun to watch, and Streep could well earn yet another Oscar nomination.
People like my mother are going to eat this movie up... I, however, was bored. Bored, bored, bored, bored, bored.
It's a delicious concoction of two delectable stories, but the surprise is that Amy Adams sweetly understated performance goes down much easier than Meryl Streep's showy shtick, which too often becomes almost indigestibly larger than life.
Léger et doux comme une crème brûlée
[Ephron] feels the need to tie things in tidy bows and cute little ribbons, spelling everything out for the audience when a little bit of restraint would have done both her and the film one heck of a lot of good.
Meryl Streep is simply stupendous in the lead role and the main reason to see the movie. Her classy impersonation is worthy of year-end awards recognition.
Child was a large personality, and Meryl Streep is a great actress -- the combination does rather overshadow young Amy Adams in the role of Powell, the earnest disciple.
Julie & Julia works best when it focuses not on how we make something of ourselves but the fact that no one does so alone.
Perfectly pleasant but slight.
Meryl Streep is yeast that makes this light comedy rise.
Streep and Tucci give us a mature sizzle, sexy and endearing. Like chocolate and peanut butter, or champagne and strawberries -- they're fabulous alone, but together -- wow, the combination's irresistible.
Meryl Streep makes such a tasty and larger-than-life Julia in a nostalgically evoked late-'40s Paris that it's worth stomaching the pancake-flat sequences with her supposed early 21st-century counterpart, Julie Powell.
Well, what do you know? It turns out there was an accent Meryl Streep hadn't yet tackled -- and, as anyone might guess, she handles it with remarkable finesse.
The Julia-Paul relationship is one of the most blissful seen in years, and Streep and Tucci dance through their interpretations with the grace and chemistry of an Astaire-Rogers routine.
Streep as Child is a magnet who draws everybody to her in every minute of screen time.
A consummate entertainment that echoes the rhythms and attitudes of classic Hollywood, it's a satisfying throwback to those old-fashioned movie fantasies where impossible dreams do come true.
It's Julia who truly delights, and who we want seconds of. Like the food she dishes up, she's warm and spicy, hearty and satisfying.
This is a movie about food and love and courage and dreams and lots and lots of butter, and doing something -- cooking or acting -- brilliantly and with gusto.
Streep makes you want to have whatever she's having. The rest of the movie makes you wonder what else is on, until you remember you're not really watching the Lifetime channel.
Ephron does the smart thing in Julie & Julia and lets Streep carry the day, with a minimum of embellishment.
This is one lip-smacking, celestially aromatic, drop-dead delicious movie.
If Ephron finds any parity in the tilting that Powell does at this edible windmill, she doesn't share it with the audience.
Fluffy, sweet and deliciously delightful, Julie & Julia is a hoot of a movie and a surefire recipe for a good time, assuming of course you can do without robots, superheroes and comics who curse.
Few movies are as delightful as Julie & Julia.
Meryl Streep is so utterly delightful as Julia Child it made me think the best definition of a movie star is that when she's off-screen for even a moment, you want her to get back up there fast.
The film is not just a showcase for Streep's considerable talents, it's also another demonstration of the career growth of Amy Adams.
Ephron has crafted a movie that is bursting with butter and sweets yet ends up completely bland.
What an expression of the joy of cooks and cooking Julie & Julia turns out to be.
Child was often imitated but Streep lets us see her jubilant soul.
From Child's warbling, New England-by-way-of-Paris voice to her towering yet curiously lighthearted physical presence, Streep gets everything technically right about the woman.
Tempting Meryl Streep dramedy satisfies but doesn't wow.
Yum! One of the Best Films of 09 with its celebration of culinary creativity and the spiritual practice of enthusiasm as the energy which animates the efforts of two women to give their best to the world.
It's a light and entertaining treat, with winning performances, sharp writing and some happy surprises.
Parental Content Review
Streep and Tucci enjoy a terrific, infectious onscreen chemistry as soul mates for whom food and entertaining were part of one long, sensuous continuum.
There are many things wrong with Julie and Julia but, if you're looking to get hitched, you won't find a better booster. Just make sure that one of you can cook.
Loved the first course, hated the second.
Elevating the mediocre simply by one's presence is probably the definition of star power, and Streep makes good material better and marginal material worth watching.
Ephron has whipped up a sly, subtle, piquant confection that not only brings to life two fascinating women (or maybe one fascinating and one ingratiating) but also explores the differences between two eras.
Together the film's parallel stories do make slightly more than the sum of their ingredients, cooking up undemanding summer fun.
Ephron, like her heroines, has finally found what suits her: a surprising comic and romantic realism.
A feast of winning characters, sumptuous food, loving marriages, and strong women who stumble, laugh, cry, write and, of course, cook their way into our hearts.
Julie & Julia is a romantic comedy, too, but this time the romance is between two women, and one of them, truth be told, is a dud.
[T]he whole enterprise has a whiff of marketing to it. Did the filmmakers worry that Child wouldn't be 'relatable' to contemporary women? Was there a fear that the 18-35 demographic would decline to show up if it didn't have an onscreen representative?
A lighthearted comedy that's very easy to like, with some charming performances.
This old-fashioned star vehicle of the highest order lacks conventional drama and conflict -- and is none the worse for those absences.
Julie's setbacks are dealt out like the hand in a game we don't want to play anymore. We want to drop the cards and stay over at Julia's winning table.
Meryl Streep and Amy Adams cook up a treat in Julie & Julia.
Aesthetically, the film is phenomenal. Streep and Adams deliver fantastic performances and the parallels between the characters were fascinating.
A hi-carb generation gap gourmet outing contrasting elders hooked on sex, souffle and espionage with postmodern workaholic, too tired for romance youth. Though what's served up is basically Julia a la carte.
...a distillation of two good books into something less than intoxicating, but it's still good fun whenever Streep is on screen.
As usual, Meryl Streep steals the movie; but thanks to strong writing by Nora Ephron and delightful additional performances by Amy Adams and Stanley Tucci, "Julie and Julia" might steal your heart.
Cooking shows haven't just jumped the shark, they've pan-seared its still-beating heart and served it as a $40 mini burger with a side of couscous at a SOHO fusion joint. This backlash helps Julie & Julia, half of it, anyways
It's not enough to sustain a film that runs over two hours, but it does at least make it pleasant to sit through much of the time.
A breezy and thoroughly delightful comedy.
While the Julia Child material and Streep's performance are entertaining enough to warrant a recommendation, the other stuff is so dreadfully dull that you wonder why it even exists at all
With a whopping fifteen Academy Award nominations on her resume', and an almost guaranteed number sixteen thanks to her performance here, she (Streep) continues to amaze.
The alternating storylines are slight and conflict is severely lacking, but Meryl Streep and Amy Adams are extraordinary, lifting so-so material into an enjoyable, easy-breezy, late-summer trifle.
Julie & Julia does have some euphoric moments centered around food and cooking, and both Adams and Streep are very much worth watching.
Too long, too bland and never really pays off in the way one might hope with such a strong premise and cast.
Julie & Julia proceeds with such ease and charm that its audacity is easy to miss.
Nora Ephron's Julie & Julia is one-half delightful and one-half disappointing; luckily, the delightful part stays with you while the rest fades away.
The ideal recipe has a special ingredient that can lift a dish from meh to memorable. Meryl Streep -- at her brilliant, beguiling best -- is the spice that does the trick for the yummy Julie & Julia.
The cuisine may be French but the spirit is as American as apple pie.
For all the talent invested in Julie & Julia, it's ultimately a bland cinematic dish that needed more comedic spice.
Streep's Julia reminded me more of Akroyd's Julia than Julia's Julia.
This is blissful moviemaking. Much of the pleasure we have in watching it comes from seeing Tucci and, obviously, Streep connect. But it's also the effortlessness Ephron reveals in bringing it all together.
A lightweight but enjoyable gustatory romp.
Like Nora Ephron's captivating film, Streep's performance is haute cuisine disguised as comfort food, a complex preparation yielding effects both broadly entertaining and subtly moving.
A smiley-face version of the The Hours that substitutes Julia Child for Virginia Woolf, food for suicide, jokes for despair, and startles us with its refreshing portrait of a good marriage.
Glossy and graceful, Julie & Julia is less about a full belly than it is about a full life, less about assembling dishes and more assembling one's self
Julie & Julia is two movies in one. That's one more movie than it needs to be.
The joys of the Julia parts are cumulative, and addictive. The Julie parts keep forcing us to go cold turkey.
Getting something half right would never have been good enough for [Julia] Child, and the movie goes all sorts of wrong with Julie.
Meryl Streep, as Child, is this film's butter; everything else is garnish.
an enjoyable experience -- just not as filling as it could have been.
Julie & Julia was directed by Nora Ephron with a light touch that will satisfy an eager audience of female foodies.
Makes deboning a duck a feminist act and cooking a great meal a creative triumph. The stakes may not be as high as the kill-or-be-killed suspense of a summer action movie, but the sauces are way tastier.
I suppose it's telling that the only time in Julie & Julia that I heartily chuckled was during an archived clip of Dan Aykroyd impersonating Child on Saturday Night Live. Now there was entertainment with some life to it.
Streep nimbly apes that famous warbly voice and bemused laugh, clomping around the set like a delightful giantess.
The film features a typical bio on the one side -- the making of the legend that is Julia Child -- and a coming-of-age rom-com on the other, with the good but underused Amy Adams pouting her way through New York City and a cookbook; the only shared ingred
Julie & Julia is not lacking in entertainment value, especially with the Streep performance. But if the men had been portrayed as more high-spirited, it might have taken on intriguing dimensions.
Showcases stable, loving relationships (complete with supportive men), offers honest depictions of self-worth, and imparts a message of feminine achievement through the art of divine creation. Now how about that.
Ephron wanted to compare and contrast the two women...But the bottom line is that one of those lives is truly interesting, while the other is truly not
Julie and Julia is a delightful, tasty treat for adults.
[G]iddily joyful performances [by] Adams and Streep: spending time with them is like spending time with the kind of friends who support you and love you no matter what...
Though hardly a perfect soufflé, Julie & Julia is the movie American foodie culture has been waiting for. It hooks you up, happily, to your inner top chef.
For all its merits, Julie & Julia is felled by a near total lack of compelling drama.
The comedy about a would-be writer's attempt to cook her way through Child's culture-changing cookbook sees Nora Ephron return to her Sleepless in Seattle form.
Although the calories ultimately are empty, they sure are enjoyable.
The Julia parts in Julie & Julia are a delight. The ones about Julie? More like an annoying distraction.
Ephron conveys neither gustatory joy nor cinematic know-how.
This movie is an emerald of enchantment in the current sewer of cinematic trap rock.
There's almost no conflict in either of the stories presented in Julie & Julia, and though this is preferable to contrived conflict, it still leaves us with a rather overlong, lovey-dovey picture.
Like a fallen soufflé, this movie delivers flavor but not the dizzying deliciousness it promises.
If Ephron is to be criticized for treating Powell like a soggy sitcom creation, she (along with Streep) should be celebrated for rendering Child flesh and blood -- all passion and pleasure, even during moments of self-doubt.
The movie is sweet, amusing and, unlike one of Child's decadent platters of beef bourguignon, mostly weightless; if not for Streep's expert portrayal, which is boundlessly energetic and respectful, it might float off the screen.
In the end, Julie & Julia doesn't stack up as much more than a pleasant summertime diversion, but it's hands down the best such trifle that Ephron has ever concocted.
Love and food, the basics of life, two passions common to nearly everyone on the planet, the film offers them up like hors d'oeuvres never ceasing to circle the room. It's gentle, tender, warm, and sprinkled generously with tasty bits of humor.
The Julie character is just not as interesting as Julia Child, but the movie entertains and will be loved by the over-50 set. Streep will be deservedly Oscar nominated.
While women seem the most immediate audience for this soufflé-light summer film, anyone with even fleeting interest in writing or in eating (a much larger demo, for sure) will want to revel in this two hour long celebration of love, life and Lobster Therm
The single best reason to see the film is Streep and Tucci together, turning their Devil Wears Prada rivalry into a funny, deeply romantic marriage, full of quips and sex and lots of amazing food.
When actors like these are cooking, it's better than haute cuisine.
This entertaining new comedy from Nora Ephron, about famed chef Julia Child and author Julie Powell, is a homage to every woman's unique talent for reinvention.
Needs a story and a director. Bottom line: Who cares?
Shallow and repetitious, Ephron's mildly amusing comedy is gimmicky without emotional pay-off, juxtaposing the stories of two American housewives, in which Meryl Streep gets the showy role and Amy Adams is stuck with the dull one.
Neither story here quite stands up by itself, and they don't quite gel together either -- even as the film wraps, it feels as if there's a course missing.
Julie & Julia is a mixed blessing. You enjoy vicariously many dishes, sample the good life in France and get treated to another Streep marvel.
This middling melange of Child biopic and contempo dramedy feels overstuffed and predigested.







@highlight

Boosted by Meryl Streep's charismatic performance as Julia Child, Julie and Julia is a light, but fairly entertaining culinary comedy.