... I was pleasantly surprised.
F. Scott Fitzgerald's short story is expanded into a sweeping survey of 20th century history and culture as seen through the eyes of a man who is born old and grows younger through the century.
There are worse films than The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, and those 15 masterful minutes may well justify the price of admission. But there's a lot of movie before and after Swinton's cameo.
One troubling thing is the pedophile overtone that runs throughout the film.
Converts an F. Scott Fitzgerald short story about a man aging backward into an overly long exercise in pseudo-profundity bearing little resemblance to its source.
A man who ages backwards will never be able to bond to another person in a truly meaningful way. We can barely be expected to return affection that isn't there.
Everything sure is pretty, but I'm not sure this movie has anything to say.
One of the best half-movies of the year.
Every decade gets its Forrest Gump. David Fincher's version of a little known (and monumentally depressing) F. Scott Fitzgerald story is this one's. That's either a damning condemnation or just what the doctor ordered.
David Fincher's epic doesn't wallow in nihilistic obsessions, but preached no comforting homily about life's rich pageant either. Life is feel-good in spurts - a series of oddly interconnected, occasionally elating moments that accumulate before death.
It's not an inherently flawed premise, but it is in writer Roth's saccharine-stained hands. It's frustrating, because it's easy to see how it could have been so much better.
La premisa es un trozo puro de fantasía y una reflexión sobre el sentido de nuestras vidas%u2026 y creánme, dicha reflexión es tan sólo antesala de las muchas que contiene este filme.
Sure, I cried at the end. I'm not a robot. But I cry at cat food commercials if they punch the right button. I just can't get on the Button train. I wish I could have obeyed my instincts and stayed home.
Brad Pitt spends a lifetime aging backward in The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, and there are points in the movie where your tired hindquarters feel as if they've been along for every minute of his strange journey.
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is the total package, a deftly assembled fairy tale that unspools like a pleasant dream.
Who knew that F. Scott Fitzgerald's short story would end up on the screen as a three-hour Botox ad?
Between the visuals and the Pitt factor, this is a movie your girlfriend will dig, but there's enough crazy fantasy stuff going on that I'd never call it a "chick flick."
ostvarenje koje bi se komotno moglo nazvati Forrest Gump 2.0
a slow starter, and it never really speeds up into a thrilling film, save for one scene of war on the ocean. However, it's not meant to be fast-paced or riveted with action.
Yes, Button can be glorious, but the Hollywood glamour drowns the soul that it so needs. Plus, there is the insistent reminder that we will all lose our looks and die.
With fine acting all around, and Fincher's typically meticulous filmmaking engagingly, if coldly, transportive above and beyond Roth's mediocre script, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button bears examining. [Blu-ray]
... A beautiful, heartbreaking film ... packed with tender, loving performances and some of the most astounding visual effects we have ever seen.
an outsized romantic epic built on a potentially flimsy bit of fantastical whimsy that instead becomes an affecting allegory for the fleeting joys of life
The movie is gentle and sweet. Nothing more. Nothing less. And told most poetically.
Fincher's fascination with, and film's illusory power over, time deepened the mystery of his previous film, Zodiac. Such insights also redeem Button from its cuteness and kitsch.
It's a curious story indeed, a long and rambling exploration of time and what we make of it.
It is the cream of the crop in the categories of cinematography, editing, art direction, sound mixing, costume design, special visual effects, makeup and original musical score.
An exceptionally well made movie with strong performances, most notably those by Cate Blanchett and Tilda Swinton, both at the top of their games.
On the one hand, it is a masterful piece of craftsmanship, replete with outstanding cinematography, set design and special effects makeup work. On the other hand, it's slow-paced and overstuffed, not to mention
This is a kindly, sweet-hearted film, filled with some truly touching stuff about impermanence, love and loss. But at a languorous 165 minutes it's old before its time.
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is an anodyne Hollywood film that offers a safe and sanitised view of life and death. It's Forrest Gump goes backwards.
This bizarre American odyssey carries a lot of cultural freight, but fails to delivers it to a destination of any significance.
Fincher treats Roth's script with a visual bravura and narrative gusto far beyond the usual capacities of the Hollywood mainstream. Benjamin Button is a poetic, virtuoso feat, as eloquent and rapturous as CGI-era cinema gets.
The Curious Case Of Benjamin Button is not just a technical marvel, it is an epic piece of storytelling with an incredible attention to detail.
This sensational film is richly deserving of the lavish praise it has won from all corners.
The film is sporadically entertaining and intends to be profound but has nothing to say about life except we shouldn't waste a single precious moment of it. But I learned that already from Jim Carrey in Yes Man, and in nearly half the time.
Remove "curious" from the title and replace it with "twee and pointless", and you're close to it. What a incredible shaggy-puppy of a movie, a cobweb-construction patched together with CGI, prosthetics, gibberish and warm tears.
The anti-Slumdog Millionaire: a film that's stately, tasteful and genteelly melancholic rather than fevered, rollicking and euphoric. It's a film about time that seems almost out of time.
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button shows that whether we live life forwards or backwards, the outside is just a shell and it's what we choose to do with life that sifts out the best parts from the worst.
Benjamin Button is an absolute masterpiece and is probably one of the greatest films of all time.
I found it agonisingly banal, twee and self-important - a dreadful sell-out to Hollywood at its schmaltziest by a director I have previously admired.
Whether you are young, old or somewhere in the middle, make sure you find time for this Saga saga.
All Oscar ingredients are present and correct - even Tilda Swinton popping up as the token Brit thesp being marvellous in a supporting role - but if this is the best film of 2008 then you can't help feeling it wasn't much of a year.
For a melodrama concerned with emotional pain, this fairy tale favours formal trickery over human connection to a fault.
Aptly for a film so concerned with time, Button is 13 minutes shy of three hours and just flies by. If this is Fincher selling out, can he sell out more often please?
An epic, melancholic romance that employs a multi-generational cast and groundbreaking visual effects. It's a testament to Fincher's skill as a storyteller that the film actually works, albeit sporadically.
An unusual conceit brilliantly executed. A moving work of golden fantasy poised just above the dark waters of our own mortality.
It is a tedious marathon of smoke and mirrors. In terms of the basic requirements of three-reel drama the film lacks substance, credibility, a decent script and characters you might actually care for.
If the film falls short of greatness, it's because Button remains too enigmatic.
A rich, rewarding, polished diamond of a film.
Life, death and a love that burns bright and brief as a firefly... Only Fincher could lighten up and still turn in a film obsessed with transience, with mortality. Flecked with flaws, Button nonetheless stands as a monument to its maker's talent.
This is a compelling and wondrous film. Yes it is a little slow at times, but this is an epic tale of a miraculous romance - and you can't rush such things.
It often catches the Fitzgerald mood of elegy and might-have-been: that subtle rapture of remembrance that can make us prize the lost past or future over the gift-wrapped immediacies of the present.
An intended tour de force, it is strangely unable to engage the emotions. In the end it amounts to an overweight movie that delivers less than its clever director, David Fincher, seems to think.
Enjoyable, engaging and beautifully made drama with stunning special effects and terrific performances from Brad Pitt and Cate Blanchett.
TCCOBB is monumentally impressive. Three hours of pure screen magic.
Thirteen Oscar nominations? You have to wonder at the emotional maturity of the Academy Awards jury - perhaps they, as Pitt's Button, are ageing in reverse and are now sitting on their potties.
Filled with fascinating characters, wonderfully portrayed by a gifted cast of actors.
This inventive treatment will intrigue and fulfill some audience members. But not me. Despite general critical euphoria (90% favorable on Rottentomatoes), I found it a plodding tours de force.
If only the screenplay had taken its time to fully and organically flesh out its characters and their emotions, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button would have been a much more emotionally powerful experience.
There's a puzzling incuriousity about Benjamin's affliction, and gauzy scrims of separation between the audience and this fascinating but oblique, unknowable protagonist.
click to read full article
Una ambiciosa fábula, técnicamente muy bien lograda, sobre el destino, la vida, la muerte y el paso del tiempo. Curioso puede ser, pero no hay nada extraordinario en el caso de Benjamin Button.
What could have been a fascinating picture is reduced to occasional glimpses of greatness until a brisk and engrossing final 20 minutes that hint at what could have been.
Num ano que contou com o fabuloso Sinédoque, New York, que discutia a efemeridade do amor, a passagem inexorável do tempo e a morte de maneira infinitamente superior, este filme acaba soando tão imaturo e sem personalidade quanto seu protagonista.
Coming out of the theater, not only are you three hours older than you were when you went in, but you get the sense that your too-human flesh is also that much closer to obsolete.
This long and somber journey is nonetheless fascinating to watch thanks to the technology behind Brad Pitt's aging from old to young and visuals that contain a lasting power.
It's fitting that a movie in which the last comes first, in which the dessert acts as appetizer, that the best of Benjamin begins the proceedings. But, as followed by blander courses, ultimately dissatisfying.
A very sweet film. A freak of nature story, a love story, a surreal drama; Button is at its best reminding us the beauty, miracle, and impermanence of real life.
As much as I admired Benjamin Button's gimmicks, the excellent makeup and a sometimes-mesmerizing emotional journey, I just couldn't shoo away the obvious Forrest Gump similarities. Roth leans on them too strongly as a screenplay crutch.
A film with the epic scope of a crowd-pleaser but the subtlety of an introspective character study, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is at once intimate and sweeping, and one of the year's very best films.
A fascinating tall tale until the incredible Tilda Swinton appears, vulnerable, full of regrets and compelling us to start thinking, but from then on, this is a tour de force.
Holds your interest, but it's ultimately pointless, and the ending lets him off the hook.
Fincher's strange romantic epic has its greatest impact the first time around. Overall, the film seems more like a beautiful curio than anything else, a sort of artsy fartsy Forest Gump.
I found its state-of-the-art technical aspects more engaging.
The movie is curiously listless, with all of its passion apparently expended on its technical feats.
Compelling drama takes on big life questions.
A heartfelt and loving film that is meant to help you remember to not take life for granted and treasure every moment.
The film unfolds like an epic poem, and like Longfellow or Yates the imagery catapulting it across decade-long stanzas fly by so quickly the whole thing is over almost before you know it.
The A-list cheekbones, CGI wow factor and sensous cinematography can't save it. This is Hollywood at full bluster -- spectacular and sometimes iconic, but emotionally half baked.
It's a speculative and enthralling fantasy about what it would be like to age in reverse.
With a running time of almost three slow-going hours, the movie definitely makes you feel as though you're aging forward.
The film's over two and half hours so go when you are in the mood to just escape into a fairy tale. Take a moment to search around the gorgeous sets and remember, a film like this doesn't get made these days. Wait, it does and it did.
Before taking into account anything about its story, characters, or performances, the film is an awe-inspiring technical achievement.
The requisite apprehensions about turning a story of only a few pages into a film of feature length are promptly dispatched -- or, well, protractedly dispatched.
This particular viewing experience is not like being on the edge of your seat, or laughing yourself silly, or being scared out of your wits. Benjamin Button washes over you in an almost hypnotic way. Call it cinematic mediation.
All the intense, pent up passion between Benjamin and Daisy which kept the film so taut and engrossing for an hour and a half is a mortifying drain once they unite and are free to express their devotion.
Brad Pitt is growing as an actor but his lack of chemistry with Blanchett robs the movie of its emotional core
Pitt's Benjamin is colorless, gawping, and passive.
Mostly, the film is an orgy of excess, in which Fincher indulges his passion for luxuriant image-making, with little regard for whether the story merits (or can withstand) such grandiose treatment.
While it's not a complete disaster, it's at least 45 minutes too long.
There's leisure to the storytelling, a splendor that captures the movie's celebratory but also melancholy ideas about our time on this mortal coil.
Button has a wide-eyed innocence that almost never palls. It strays far from the mind of F. Scott Fitzgerald, but often enough it came near to my heart.
David Fincher has always seemed to me a talented and clever, sometimes passionate and questing, director. Now I think he's a great one. The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is a great American movie.
... a melancholic reminder of the transience of life, and the mutability of this mortal flesh.
So it's just like this crazy life thing, you know? You're born, you do some stuff, maybe if you're lucky you fall in love... and then you die.
Captures the sadness and exhilaration of life and puts both side by side in a way that is undeniably moving
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button leaves you colder than it should, and it shouldn't leave you cold at all.
While Benjamin Button demonstrates imagination, it doesn't inspire it.
Fincher's visual mastery and Pitt's charisma almost compensate for a gimmick in search of a meaning. The more time Fincher gives viewers with Button, the thinner the character grows.
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button does what technically masterful films so rarely do, inspiring a tremendous sense of warmth as well as admiration.
There is much to appreciate in Fincher's film, which was clearly a delicate undertaking. Ultimately, it is ambitious enough that a misstep or two can be forgiven.
It has been a while since mainstream Hollywood has come up with a big-budget, big-star vehicle as unique, audacious and rewarding as The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is that rare thing: a truly magical movie.
The film quickly outgrows any sense of gimmickry and matures into a one-of-a-kind meditation on mortality, time's inexorable passage and the fleeting sweetness of love.
Benjamin Button is little more than Gump by way of Dorian Gray. It plays too safe when it should be letting its freak flag fly.
Benjamin Button is strong because it connects with the human desire to transcend the inevitable constraints of time.
The lesson here is never to aim to make a great movie before locking in the framework for a good one.
Forrest Gump told us life's like a box of chocolates; Benjamin Button reminds us of the melted, shriveled and petrified future of those candies: 'Nothing lasts.'
A new American classic.
...this is a movie of such emotional poignancy that the excessive length didn't bother me that much.
It's frankly all a bit too much, without the whimsy of something like Big Fish (2003), or the wit of Fitzgerald.
A moving look at a life well lived.
'The Curious Case of Benjamin Button' is elegant, well structured, and well acted by the entire cast from Pitt, Cate Blanchett, and Taraji P. Henson.
More than just a film, David Fincher's THE CURIOUS CASE OF BENJAMIN BUTTON is a genuine accomplishment. It stylistically shows a span of history, carefully orchestrating an evolution of style and mood that tracks the passing years.
bumper stickers as Descartes from a director who, until now, could have been called any number of things, but never patronizing.
The year's best looking movie.
"Button" ends up being an eloquent and moving tale that keeps all its lighter and darker elements in near-perfect balance.
Elegant, understated epic takes its time going backward with forward-thinking director at the helm.
A far-fetched fairy-tale about the freakish birth of an infant who was born as an old man and who ages from birth in reverse.
The character doesn't change...[he] stays the way he was when he was this 'simpleton with wisdom,' and that's too Gump-like.
In pondering the Big Picture, Benjamin Button often falls under the spell of its own epic sweep, inviting us to join its makers in marveling at the marvelousness of it all.
The movie flows gracefully along, unrushed but ever forward, like time itself. And New Orleans' lovely old neighborhoods and romantic ambiance form the ideal locale for a gently fantastical tale.
At nearly three hours, it's too long by a third...and that's where the quibbles end. The film is rich and intelligent, beautifully shot and just as well acted. Not the year's best movie, but among them.
Don't believe the pre-release hype, this one's only for those of you who simply have to sit through all the Best Picture nominees.
It has a lot going for it, but it never quite comes together into a satisfying whole.
That's not to say The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is the most remarkable film of Fincher's impressive career, but it is easily one of the best of 2008 and the narrative sucks you right in and rarely lets go.
Fincher's achievement is, in both quality and spirit, a film of great beauty, and it touched me deeply.
...has all the features of greatness except the magic.
The magic of cinema defined, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button displays filmmaker David Fincher's visionary excellence to maximum effect.
Its failures are spectacularly highlighted by its overwhelming ambition.
Don't expect this movie to make you feel cheerful. It's definitely a downer. I get gloomy just thinking about it.
Few actors have the ability to make you believe they are an old man and a young boy at the same time. [Brad]Pitt has a blast with the part...
Without Fincher behind the scenes, this would be an occasionally interesting, often irritating trifle. With him, it's some manner of masterpiece.
The literal Benjamin Button that Fincher and Pitt have created with special effects is bland and passive even in the years when you'd think a reverse-ager would be most conflicted, fatalistic, or wise.
Benjamin Button is a film of mood, not motion. At its best, it is evocative and affecting; at its worst, an exercise in sentimental portraiture.
Rambling story never detracts from the overall wonder
More than a love story, Button is a eulogy for the 20th Century
Fate, mortality, life and death, all of this is explored in a beautifully crafted film without seeping into sentimentality.
Even if this life lived in reverse doesn't make you look at your life differently, the way it's been expertly presented may make you look at the next movie on your list in a new way.
It's a well-crafted, good-looking film, and I love the names involved ... it's just not exciting enough.
Fincher's magic can't transform him from the coldly dispassionate misanthropist of Se7en, Fight Club, and Zodiac into a sentimental humanist, and it can't turn Brad Pitt into the kind of actor who can carry a movie like this.
Even if it's a bit mannered and over-constructed, there's plenty in here to get us thinking
Fincher's selling us beautifully cheekboned movie stars frolicking in bedsheets and calling it a great love. I didn't buy it for a second.
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button sighs with longing and simmers with intrigue while investigating the philosophical conundrums and emotional paradoxes of its protagonist's condition.
A gravely beautiful drama about the mysteries of aging and death.
Given the resources and talent here, quite a movie might have resulted. But it's so hard to care about this story.
A bit of a downer, but profoundly so.
A technological marvel and visual triumph.
Groundbreaking [and] visually breathtaking.
David Fincher has done it once again--he has reconfirmed his position as one of the great filmmakers working today and given us a film that is sure to go down as an instant classic.
Because Fincher loves things to look amazing, he's got the latest version of whatever digital advance it is that allows you to graft the head of one actor onto the body of another.
See Benjamin Button. Why not? It's still better than most movies in the world.
This is the movie that I've been waiting for David Fincher to make since Fight Club.
The problem with The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is that it aims for profundity and merely hits homespun wisdom.
In terms of immediate emotional impact, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is extremely satisfying.
It turns out that skipping a 'blowout' garage sale she was planning paid off for up-and-coming actress Taraji P. Henson after all, she told HollywoodChicago.com in a Chicago interview after netting her Benjamin Button role.
David Fincher was simply not the right man for the job and it shows at every turn in a film that is a complete and utter failure at everything it set out to tackle.
I am not exaggerating when I say this is one of the best flicks to come out in years. It is perfect in every aspect of filmmaking, i.e. acting, directing, pacing, editing, make-up, set design, special effects.
Fincher mainly succeeds in making the movie charming, a ride as gentle and whimsical as its protagonist, a technical triumph backing, yes, a curious narrative.
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is big screen Botox for your soul.
Nothing lasts.Or does it? 'The Curious Case of Benjamin Button' gives us an interesting perspective on the human condition - on aging, loss, and mortality.
Parental Content Review
This is a film with the scope and reach of almost a century but its power comes from the smallest gestures and the simplest moments.
The film, ambitious if flawed, also is lyrical and melancholy as it tells the story of a man aging backward.
A magical and moving account of a man living his life resoundingly in reverse, very loosely based on an F. Scott Fitzgerald short tale from 1922, it delivers top-notch moviemaking in every department.
I liked The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, but I wanted to love it.
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button puts a Hollywood sheen on a decidedly eccentric yarn.
Director David Fincher tells this imaginative story with uncharacteristic warmth, but with his usual sure sense of control and technical skill.
I'm not entirely convinced that Fincher has a firm grasp yet on the tender and the sweet, but it's heartening to see him try -- let alone succeed as well as he does.
We get it Fincher, some day we're all going to be dead. Now what?
It's like a box of chocolates, but with hollow centers.
Fincher renders the era with a precise eye for atmosphere and physical detail.
This is a long, impeccably detailed, richly textured movie about a most unusual life, and although it's far from perfect, the sum of it achieves what Fincher set out to do in the first place.
Benjamin Button falls short of greatness. But no other film this year has been so open to the possibilities of cinematic storytelling.
Contemplative, sumptuous and haunting, this is one of the year's best films.
Director David Fincher has turned out an overlong, Forrest Gumpian exercise in mannered whimsy. It's sentimental; it's episodic; it dawdles. Brad Pitt spends a good length of screen time drinking tea with Tilda Swinton. But it's also bewitching.
Damn thing never seems to end.
A film whose individual parts are more entrancing than the middlebrow whole.
An extravagantly ambitious movie that's easy to admire but a challenge to love.
It'll take two and a half hours of your life and still make you feel younger.
Benjamin Button may be the most passive titular character in a motion picture until The Terri Schiavo Story gets off the ground.
A symphony in the language of film. The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is simultaneously uplifting, devastating, and achingly human.
Initially intriguing and often dazzling, it ultimately drags on too long, with its wonder succumbing to frustration as the minutes drift by.
If this movie is uncharacteristically radiant (and, my, is it), then it's also aloof and unexpectedly ordinary.
A curiosity, you might say.
Is Benjamin Button the best film of the year? I'm not sure, but it is definitely good enough to be.
Even if The Curious Case of Benjamin Button isn't the home run Fincher's devoted fan base was hoping for, it is a beautifully crafted movie.
It takes a world-class storyteller and a great yarn to rivet your attention for nearly three hours. This very classy, old-school movie -- employing cutting-edge technology that will make your eyes pop -- did it for me.
That this movie doesn't seem fantastic at all is a testimony to its emotional power.
It's Fincher's picture, and his universe is one of exquisite fakery and frequent, elegant visual delight.
It's a testament to Fincher's craftsmanship that even such a bleak message can evoke feelings of hope and wonder.
Despite its length and expansive pace, it's never dull. And, despite the dubiousness of its stabs at being "meaningful," it still leaves you with more than most mega-productions.
...a romantic, gentle, and magical movie.
People will tell you this is a deeply romantic film. Don't buy it - because you'll be missing out on the true value of the movie.
An artistic and narrative triumph and one of the most beautiful love stories set to screen in a very long time.
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button isn't about a man who lives backwards or a woman who lives forwards ... Get past the plot, the pitch, and the technique, and you can see it as a reminder that all we can do is live now.
It tells a grand, eloquent tale full of romance and melancholy.
The adapted screenplay by Eric Roth...[uses] his own "Forrest Gump" as the outline, gives us a central character who is far too passive and fails to apply the wisdom of age to youth in any profound way.
There may not be the normal, anticipated dosage of sentiment to latch onto in this film, but in exchange for patience and a little faith, Button presents the exquisite weight of the human experience in a manner the screen rarely witnesses.
Fitzgerald Gumpified...a gorgeously-made would-be tearjerker that leaves the ducts dry because of its extreme artificiality, in both plot and execution.
Pitt is quite good in the lead even if it does take close to two hours for him to show up in a matinee idol form we've all come to know. It's an underplayed performance, nicely pitched against great actresses.
Button makes some powerful points about the precious commodities of love, happiness and time.
Not nearly curious enough.
Indifferent to [F. Scott] Fitzgerald's ideas about society and ambition, Fincher falls back on Hollywood cliché -- reworking both Titanic and Forrest Gump.
While I would recommend David Fincher's The Curious Case of Benjamin Button as worth seeing, I simply cannot work up any great love for it.
While director Fincher has accomplished any number of technical marvels in the film, Benjamin Button lacks a soul.
Many may see this as a more grown-up version of Forrest Gump, but it feels to me like something from the pen of Charlie Kaufman, who enjoys playing with time and conventions in much the way Fincher and Roth do here.
Fincher's film, based on an F. Scott Fitzgerald short story about a man who ages in reverse, is rambling and gorgeous -- perhaps a bit overlong and gooey in the midsection -- but one that leaves you with a lingering wistfulness.
Benjamin Button is a film about the feat of its own whiz-bang, Frankensteinian digital imagery, drunk on its own accomplishment to an extent that feels quasi-ethical.
The movie looks amazing. And for the first hour, when storytelling and special effects bond like lovers, it plays even better.
A terrific film.
The characters that come in and out of Benjamin's life are distinct, memorable, and wonderfully conceived.
Sentimental fantasy that packs a visual punch.
It works - kind of - but it takes its sweet time in getting there and leaves little behind truly worthy of remembrance.
The new eighty in Hollywood as a one year old. And by the time Pitt's lover is clutching her object of erotic desire as he squirms around in her arms in diapers and all of one foot long, let's just say that it's more than a little on the kinky side.
A relatively-morose morality play likely to land its share of accolades during award season provided everyone stops comparing it to Gump.
Tantalizing, touching and timeless - an epic fable revolving around mortality.
Benjamin's very blankness gives the film a beguiling measure of dreamy, fabulistic wonder, one that entrances even as Roth's script regularly missteps.
Visually arresting but woefully short on substance David Fincher's adaptation of F. Scott Fitzgearld's short story about a man who ages backward is like a parlor game that wears out its welcome.
The wild and wonderful adventures of an oddball outsider with a terrible physical affliction who makes the most out of his journey in the company of a lovable band of eccentrics and misfits.
This is a beautifully made film ... but ... it is also a piece of cinematic artifice, in which the manufacture of it stands between it and us -- big on novelty and sentimentality but short on tension and interest for the audience
this film is about seeing Brad Pitt grow younger and handsomer until he becomes so young and handsome that it's a marvel equivalent to the launch of an Apollo rocket.
Brilliant... beautiful and incredibly moving.
It's a speculative and enthralling fantasy about what it would be like to age in reverse.
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is a monumental achievement -- not only one of the best films of the year, but one of the greatest films ever made.
David Fincher's wildly overlong adaptation of the F. Scott Fitzgerald short story misses a key point from its source material: the story should be a short one.
It's too bad that I can barely remember the movie after only a week. Nothing lasts, indeed.
A life lived in backward progression leaves a feeling of melancholy in this accomplished realization of a novel concept.
Overlong, but any film that can make Brad Pitt look homely deserves to sweep the special effects awards.
Pitt's trust in David Fincher proves that both richly deserve accolades for bringing magic and poignancy without sentimentality to this fantasy tale.
Lyrical, original, misshapen and deeply felt, this is one flawed beauty of a movie.
Few directors could have tackled the film's daunting visual requirements as brilliantly as David Fincher (Zodiac) has.
The most important word in the title of The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is "curious."
A wildly ambitious fantasy which contains many intriguing elements and superb production values but ultimately fails to cohere as the epic tragedy it wants to be.
An epic tale that contemplates the wonders of life -- of birth and death and, most of all, love.
Brad Pitt gives a bravura, Oscar-caliber turn in Fincher's modernist lyrical tale, which bears resemblance in structure and magical realism to Forrest Gump (both penned by Eric Roth), but without that film's simplistic morality.
A richly satisfying serving of deep-dish Hollywood storytelling.





@highlight

Curious Case of Benjamin Button is an epic fantasy tale with rich storytelling backed by fantastic performances.