If the likes of His Girl Friday and Ball of Fire are the standards, Leatherheads can be forgiven for falling short.
Leatherheads is too light-hearted to rise above its limitations, and its inability to decide on a tone doesn't help any, but it's too well crafted and thought out to be actually bad.
Clooney stages screwball repartee like a ping-pong match shot through molasses
Leatherheads tries to be a screwball comedy, but it's more The Eleven Stooges.
Agreeable yet uneven...
Mostly simply tries for fun, and for a good part of it, it delivers. But with it's jumble of elements, it doesn't allow a central one to take hold and truly fly.
Leatherheads really doesn't know what kind of film it is, and as a result it shanks the winning kick -not by a mile- but by enough to be a disappointment.
A gorgeous, charming, quaintly stylish movie comprised almost exclusively of moments and not so much story or characters.
Therein lies the problem with Leatherheads %u2014 it has too many fish to fry, and most of them come out half-done.
This is the slightest of Clooney's directorial offerings, but it's carried over the line by two charismatic leads and a well-honed screenplay.
Star power is not enough to save this film from mediocrity.
"Leatherheads" fails because it has trouble balancing its many plots, and because it has nothing remotely interesting to say about any of them.
I'm sad to report that Clooney has had his first misfire as a director.
It's the bad moments that will probably stay with you.
The movie does a nice job with the period details, but Clooney still can't get the romantic comedy angle right.
Leatherheads, which opens with the logo that Universal used back in the 1940s instead of the present one, is so successful at reviving the screwball comedy that you're prepared to forgive it some flaws.
As period rom-coms go, Leatherheads is mild entertainment.
Leatherheads is like an oasis in the middle of a desert - a genuinely enjoyable romantic comedy.
Meticulously recreating the era and the sensibilities of the time, Clooney looks as though he is having a riot of a time, be it is grappling in the mud for the ball, or throwing madcap lines at Renee Zellweger's worldly, ambitious journalist
It's hard to deny that Clooney is one of Hollywood's best leading men, and "Leatherheads" proves that he can be just as good behind the camera as he is in front of it.
Clooney's third movie as director is his weakest.
Leatherheads shoots for the Frank Capra/Howard Hawks goal posts but instead winds up getting bogged down midfield.
What starts as a thoroughly enjoyable screwball romp ... gets bogged down in some over-ambitious plotting and serious themes as it goes along
A quiet variety of disaster--the type that attracts no cults and appears as a curiosity on a few talented folks' résumés for people to try to place in a year or so. Maybe less.
Clooney tries to Flags of Our Fathers if directed by Preston Sturges.
A 1920s football saga that blends rusty screwball comedy and perfunctory romance under a period piece veneer.
In his third film as director, Clooney has taken us back to the films he enjoyed as a child, the classic romantic comedies of Preston Sturgess and Frank Capra.
Glib, sophisticated and silly.
With its screwball comedy approach to how football changed from a no-holds-barred sport to one with strict rules, 'Leatherheads" is a nostalgic treat.
Self-assured even when it's self-aware, this is a fizzy concoction with three fingers of Billy Wilder and one of Frank Capra. It's shaken with the Coens and topped off with a splash of Ron Shelton and a cinematographical cream-soda sheen.
Probably only Clooney could expect to get away with a movie this bad...
Despite being so false and slight, the movie entertains.
An amiable, good looking if largely inconsequential comedy that coasts on its stars' charms.
Is it a romantic comedy? A sporting history lesson? A homage to Howard Hawks? It's all three. Not the touchdown we expected after Good Night, And Good Luck, but still enough style, sophistication and movie-love to save Clooney from a kicking.
It's good-looking, good-natured and sophisticated, but Leatherheads can't choose between football biopic or screwball romance.
By the final touchdown, there is enough to like and - let's face it - we'll always take time out for twinkly-eyed George.
... The witty dialogue, delivered with verve and precise timing, especially by Clooney and Zellweger, is the the movie's greatest strength.
The movie gets lots of things right, yet it fumbles key facets so badly that you simply can't christen it the gridiron version of 'His Girl Friday'.
On paper it looks like a gem - roaring 20s setting, verbal fireworks and a silly sport in its rude infancy. In practice, it's way off the pace, far too slow for its screwball pretensions and the kind of film that confuses pastiche with period detail.
The movie stops dead in its tracks every time Renee Zellweger wanders into frame.
The story wants to be madcap and freewheeling, but it doesn't quite take flight.
It breezes along without a care, dropping off a few puffball jokes now and then, just for fun.
May not always ring the gong, but it makes for an unfailingly pleasant two hours of entertainment.
It is about as close as we will ever get to, say, Cary Grant and Rosalind Russell--in rapid fire wordplay. And the words, by Brantley and Reilly, connect fast and witty.
As much as I was hoping it would be a game effort, I'd quick-kick 'Leatherheads' on any given Sunday.
The first truly heartbreaking disappointment of the movie year...too drowsy for its own good, less an homage and more a terribly slowed-down retread of some screwball tropes.
Leatherheads is a romp with some great chemistry between the leads and enough laughs and surprises to keep you entertained.
Oh brother, George, where art thou going with this?
I don't want to be a wet blanket, boys, but here's the skinny: Unless it's raw Clooney-ness you seek (and that cup of Vitalis runneth over), or unless you think Zellweger's gams are the cat's meow, then scram before you upchuck.
Tragically, Leatherheads is just OK, though the film may well find an audience among those eager for a little diversion, what with the nostalgia factor and the George Clooney factor.
Like going to a football game and watching the players bring desks and paperwork onto the field. How boring is this movie? I've been more entertained by halftime shows.
An odd screen combo of insanely silly retro-screwball humor, the bumbling antics of a football team of attention deficit disorder, looney tunes Keystone jocks, and a smart-aleck, acid tongue reporter babe upstaging all those sweaty gents around her.
A pleasant period piece harking back to days of yore, but one so superficial that it's likely to be forgotten by the time you file up the aisle.
Loses by a few touchdowns.
There's a strange little war movie living inside Leatherheads. What isn't inside is a football film. Not enough of one, anyway. If this were American Idol, Randy Jackson would say it was pitchy and all over the place.
Clooney and the cast manage to nose across the goal line with a winning score.
George Clooney may be the best actor/director of all time.
Falling short as a romantic comedy, Clooney would have done far better to keep Leatherheads trained onto the raucous, rambunctious beginnings of pro football, which are nearly the only laughs to be had.
In the wake of "Miss Pettigrew Lives for a Day," we have yet another screwball comedy. And this one, while it has its problems, isn't so bad, either.
A well-meaning movie fatally dazzled by the very nostalgia it's drowning in.
An odd hybrid of a sports flick and a screwball comedy that just doesn't work.
It wouldn't be at all accurate to say that I disliked Leatherheads; I simply found myself kind of stunned that all the good stuff didn't somehow add up to more.
The snappy dialogue and witty one-liners don't come fast enough, but they do come often.
Leatherheads has its charms - most of them Clooney's, as he again embodies the definition of manliness: The guy other guys want to be, and women want to be with.
Disappointing effort that relies on slapstick and other cliches of the genre. And it goes on way too long.
Leatherheads isn't poorly made, but it's easy, hang-back material from a director who's already proven himself up for a challenge, and that's hard to accept.
Maybe the film loses a little steam as it rolls along, but it is still puffing and tooting as Clooney and Zellweger ride off into the sunset.
There's a jaunty score by Randy Newman, and Clooney, as always, has charm to burn, but here, he's off his game.
[Has] a breezy, affable spirit, and its very casualness is something that's extremely rare in mainstream movies these days.
More amiable than witty and relying heavily on the likability and charm of its lead actors, Leatherheads scores more points as a retro romantic comedy than a football saga.
Clooney is now at the stage of his life and career where a flash of his playboy grin earns him enough audience goodwill to carry him over rough patches -- and Lord knows, this movie has them.
"Screwball comedy" implies a certain snap and rotation -- a velocity to the gags and a vector to the plot -- but the people who made Leatherheads don't quite have the strength of arm or skew of angle to make Leatherheads truly screwball ...
Just when you think, 'Enough already on the sliding-in-the-mud jokes,' Leatherheads tosses up a great joke that is the cinematic equivalent of a Hail Mary pass that sends the home team to victory.
Leatherheads is no disaster, but it leaves you wanting both less and more.
Leatherheads is not that good a movie, and yet it would be hard to enjoy saying anything nasty about it.
When a film stars three people you adore and still falters, the instinct is to blame the director. But that's tricky when the director is one of the people you adore.
There's a subtlety to the filmmaking that's a refreshing change from the numbing obviousness of movies geared to the teen demo.
A completely charming film that comes a few inches from being a great one.
If the real NFL had started off this tired, we'd be spending our Sundays watching jai alai.
It juggles too many elements--sports, romance, slapstick, Capra-esque cinema--and doesn't do justice to any of them. But the film is brimming with nostalgia and charm.
It fumbles -- early -- and never really gets back in the game.
Leatherheads is far from a touchdown, but you gotta give points to any movie where a character describes its climactic game as a 'muddy snoozefest.'
Without anything else on its mind but to entertain, Leatherheads throws the equivalent of a cinematic touchdown.
It's easy to see what Clooney's going for, but hard to understand the choices he makes.
Zellweger and Clooney do have screwball chemistry, but the screenplay, by sportswriters Duncan Brantley and Rick Reilly, is rife with scenes done better in the classic romantic comedies it admires.
Leatherheads goes on a good 20 minutes too long, and there's very little in it that makes a lasting impression, but it's easy to watch while it's unspooling -- much like, you know, a lot of Cary Grant comedies.
Clooney and Zellweger radiate intelligence and seem to take pleasure in each other's mental agility. Even when the lines are less than spectacular, the spark between the two actors is knowing and playful.
Artificial as Leatherheads sometimes gets, it's grounded in modern screen naturalism. As in all of Clooney's directing efforts, there's also an ethical seriousness at its core.
Clooney can't quite decide what he wants to make. A retro screwball comedy? A romance? A rough-and-tumble underdogs farce? A parable about how we invent our heroes?
Pleasant and clever, Leatherheads is not built for surprises.
Everyone's too mannered, and most everything's too slow. Especially for a throwback.
Leatherheads a comedy of stock setups and kooky digressions in which nothing really comes to a head, and running at close to two hours, it lacks the essential brevity of the form.
No one's saying George Clooney isn't a dashing fellow. But his charm and affability only go so far in Leatherheads.
Even in a middling comedy such as this one, which he also directed, he's alarmingly ardent. Clooney is relying on the tremendous audience rapport he's built up over the years, and he's right to do so.
Film fans used to speculate about whether Clooney could become the Cary Grant of our time, and now we know he's our Clark Gable and William Holden and Dean Martin, too.
This is an unmade bed of a movie -- and ambiguous to a fault.
No director-star in movies has a better gut understanding of the Great American Circus and the lost glamour of masculine heroism than George Clooney.
Leatherheads is as trifling as Clooney's second movie (Good Night and Good Luck) was significant, but that's okay.
It moves in fits and starts and never finds the rhythmic pitter-patter of rapid-fire dialogue and energy it so desperately wants.
...a small, unassuming jewel.
"Zellweger's Lexie isn't some silly sexpot or spoiled simp; she's a thoroughly modern moll."
Leatherheads proves you can't make 'em like they used to, no matter how hard someone like George Clooney tries.
The flirtatious banter is often clever, but 'Leatherheads' demonstrates that writing alone wasn't responsible for the head-spinning irresistibility of Howard Hawks' 'Twentieth Century' and 'His Girl Friday,' to cite two screwball-masterpiece influences.
You've got to give Clooney credit for trying, especially when most of Leatherheads is a jaunty, jazz age dream.
"Leatherheads" is a profoundly unprofound film that really doesn't have anything on its mind other than to give audiences a couple of hours of giggly fun.
To call something a screwball comedy instead of just a comedy is to add an extra level of farcical expectations all too easy to not meet.
The film's disjointedness would be acceptable except that it causes inconsistency with its overall pace and rhythm. Aside from some momentum snares and trite turns, though, Leatherheads succeeds in the entertainment department.
For something that was pitched as a screwball comedy, Leatherheads is kind of lumbering, unwieldy, and awkward.
"Leatherheads" lacks flair and pizzazz. Like a highly touted No. 1 draft pick who flops, it is all potential without substance.
As a star Clooney is in his element, but as a director he's strained.
It seems as if the MPAA unfairly upped a clear "PG" movie into a "PG-13". But adding numbers can't even the score on the edge that Leatherheads lacks in the sharpness of its humor delivery and the hits on the field.
a madcap romp full of laughs and verbal gymnastics, but the movie becomes too serious towards the end
Comes across as a pale period piece, an imitation enamored of energy and enthusiasm, but failing to generate either.
hangs so close to films produced during a forgotten age that audiences who don't recall how quick-witted screwball comedies used to be might not fully appreciate it (or even care to).
The real high points of the movie are the verbal sparring matches between Clooney and Zellweger, and Clooney, Zellweger & Krasinski.
A loopy Roaring Twenties screwball comedy, executed with confidence.
Director and star George Clooney's game attempt to capture the high-spirited silliness of classic screwball comedies falls flat, in large part because Duncan Brantley and Rick Reilly's screenplay lacks sparkle.
Most of the gags work, but the shtick is overdone and Clooney finally runs out of charming reactions to the world's abuse.
Executed with a fizzy bang that Clooney pulls off with a prohibition stupor and some knee-slapping generosity; the man knows how to stage a bar fight and a game of verbal chess with the best of them.
Leatherheads labors so strenuously to approximate some of the old screwball spirit of the '30s and '40s that it winds up in traction.
Just as robot scientists describe the "uncanny valley" effect, the more Clooney tries to be Clark Gable, the wider the gulf appears between them.
Drawing from movies rather than life, Leatherheads often feels like a likable exercise in retro style rather than a film with a compelling reason to exist on its own.
It would have been interesting to see what the Coen Brothers would have made of this project. Still, "Leatherheads" has its moments and is certainly an amiable little comedy.
A good-natured throwback to the days of screwball comedy, the movie is at its best away from the playing field.
It's surprisingly, refreshingly effective at times, and it is old-fashioned in several respects.
Like the 1925 ragtag professional football team it follows, this movie has more high spirits than ability to deliver.
The back-and-forth zing is what saves Leatherheads from being terminally dull.
A loving wink to the old days, when guys were fellas, people said, 'Here's the skinny,' and it was OK when entertainment didn't add up to a hill of beans.
George Clooney's goofy ode to the origins of professional football is nothing short of an old-fashioned screwball comedy. And a pretty good one at that.
If amiability equaled greatness, Leatherheads would be destined to become a classic.
If you have a hankering for old-style Hollywood comedy and romance, and Turner Classic Movies is on a Steve McQueen or John Wayne jag, Leatherheads offers an agreeable substitute.
Not bad but also so frivolous that there's nothing to grab onto and take away from it all. Leatherheads is a good-looking but misguided waste of time and effort.
Writers Duncan Brantley and Rick Reilly, who sold the first version of this debut script back in 1991, want to celebrate the innocence of those early days -- both pro football's and modern America's -- and the feeling that anything was possible back then.
There's a flatness about the whole enterprise -- like drinking champagne, but from an old house slipper.
Both behind and before the camera, Clooney imbues Leatherheads with an irresistible charm and intelligence, raising it far above the average period piece.
The film leaves you longing for a few Hail Mary end-zone passes, while the filmmakers stick to a story that tries to pound it out with a safe, tedious ground game.
It's awfully agreeable -- so why doesn't it entirely work?
Leatherheads is most on its game when it's in the game, and in the zone of Clooney's no-bull affection for the faces of his actors.
It's an enjoyable diversion.
It's the equivalent of a busted play, with the players scrambling in different directions, making any kind of forward progress nearly impossible.
Why does the whole thing feel sloggier than the climactic game, a near-scoreless battle waged in a lake of mud?
Clooney makes us expect the best of him each and every time he takes to the field, and Leatherheads is considerably less than that.
George Clooney has directed a couple of very fine films- Confessions of a Dangerous Mind and Good Night & Good Luck. Unfortunately, Leatherheads cannot be added to that list.
Brantley and Reilly keep their story moving nimbly, melding period and genre like old hands, despite this being their first screenplay.
In this old-time football saga Coach Clooney gets sacked...succeeds neither as a paean to the rambunctious game of the old days nor as homage to the great screwball comedies.
Watching Renée Zellweger look like she just sucked a lemon for the better part of two hours is only one of the many deficiencies of this frivolous disappointment.
Clooney and gang turn this intelligent sports comedy into a fun and enjoyable escapade.
Has enough of the screwball comedy flavor to appeal to fans of Preston Sturges or George Cukor. Sports fans, on the other hand, will be disappointed.
Ever the jokester, Clooney doesn't rely on his writers to come up with all the funny stuff.
During the bumpy homage to It Happened One Night, His Girl Friday, and Meet John Doe, among others, I found myself wondering what the direct antonym of deft is
Admirably stylized but, as sports comedies go, it fumbles.
The amusement level may not make for a sold out arena nor raise you to your feet in excitement but it has its moments of mirth and pizazz.
Clooney football comedy isn't quite a touchdown.
Leatherheads is laid-back, amiable and terminally tepid.
Reproducing a period-piece screwball comedy for a modern audience turns out to be one playful, self-deprecating wink too many for [Clooney].
George Clooney's football origin comedy starts strong but loses steam before reaching the end zone.
A deeply satisfying and entertaining film that will appeal just as much to guys as their ladies.
A credible evocation of screwball comedies.
Call it embalmed screwball.
Disappointing period football comedy laterals too often without a clear goal in mind.
Aims only to please and proves perfectly amiable, but ultimate effect is one of much energy expended to minimal payoff.
Though choppy, only mildly entertaining, and not really witty, Clooney's sports comedy deserves some credit for its courageous effort to recreate Hollywood's suave screwball comedies.



@highlight

Despite a good premise and strong cast, this pro football romcom is half screwball and half fumble.