Nothing more than an excuse for violent ninja fighting with a huge body count and plenty of blood - real and CGI.
Ninja Assassin re-opens the door to a genre that has either been absorbed into conventional action movies via pilfered fight choreography or completely forgotten as a viable, creative foundation for interesting stories.
It would be hard to expect any surprises from a film called Ninja Assassin, but on the other hand, it would be hard to be disappointed by it either. It does exactly what it says on the tin.
Has too much story for one movie and ends as merely a mildly entertaining ninja actioner...
... it's like a music video of violence that has lost the beat and doesn't care.
...one, long, martial-arts fight.... Given the talents involved, we have to mourn what might have been.
Decent ingredients but, as a whole, this is lacking in choreographic flair and plot substance.
A garish and poorly filmed chop-socky frolic that makes about as much sense as an Escher painting viewed through Vaseline-smudged Ray-Bans.
Ninja Assassin is final proof that the once innovative Wachowski Brothers have indeed lost their creative mojo.
The fight scenes are uninspired and I suspect post-pubescent audiences will be very bored.
The fight scenes are mostly great. And Rain, so dashing in Speed Racer, is something to behold. His precisely rippled and defined body is awe-inspiring.
It truly wouldn't take much - a minor re-edit, a few arch looks to camera, a wiseacre sidekick named 'Shortballs' - to inch this utterly mystifying throwback into spoof territory.
Ninja Assassin is little more than a sporadically diverting disposable movie that will probably spawn several straight-to-DVD sequels. The butcher's shop window is still a more fulfilling proposition though.
The bulk of the fight sequences take place at bed-time so it's difficult to see exactly what's going on - it's like putting a colony of bats in a Magimix. In the dark.
As it geysers forward from that claret-soaked opening scene, V For Vendetta director James McTeigue's mega-violent B-movie packs shock and gore and, to be frank, not much else.
Since the fights are all digitally conjured up anyway, genuine thrills are at a minimum and the copious sprays of pixelated blood quickly pall.
For a film about silent assassins, it's phenomenally noisy. But if you're into swearing, decapitation and sliced-off limbs, and your brain has been reduced to mush by sitting in front of violent video games, this is the movie for you.
Despite an insanely visceral opening sequence in which limbs are severed amid fountains of claret, we're all too soon left with a tedious police procedural, sprinkled with the odd fight scene that confuses more than thrills.
When the slicing and dicing and blood-spurting become as unstoppably frenzied as they do in the course of Ninja Assassin, one's instinct is less to take fright than take 40 winks and hope to wake up when it's all over.
Shot like a bad episode of Spooks with its scenes set on random shuffle, the plot of this global pudding is utterly incomprehensible, the dialogue the worst kind of chopsocky silliness.
The first time we see heads roll it's entertaining. The second time it's boring. The eighth time...
A bit of a let down. We expected more.
Tedious action thriller that goes rapidly downhill after a decent opening, thanks to a nonsensical plot, dodgy acting and repetitive, over-CGI-ed fight scenes.
There are some stand out moments of stylized action. Shame it lacks self awareness. Excess is its downfall and the improbable and wildly over the top action grows wearisome and dull. Quite often, less really is more.
All the expensive surface distraction in the world can't make up for leaden plotting, paper-thin characters and lousy dialogue.
If you go to a movie called Ninja Assassin--mayhem is what you signed up for. If you expected Crouching Tiger, then please check your meds.
Hard-to-see fight scenes and harder-to-swallow dialogue, delivered with a straight face and capped off with some super-splattery kills.
revels in the unrealistic absurdity of both its plot and its action sequences, plying the audience with its splatterfest silliness but always keep a straight face just in case
Ninja Assassin features gigabytes of blood being shed on screen.
As a viewer, your only task here is to watch, eat popcorn, and laugh, jump or shriek%u2014whichever works for you%u2014whenever you see heads roll, limbs fly or or hemoglobin spurting.
All the bloody splatting and fast editing mean that it doesn't matter what's real or not real in Ninja Assassin.
Rarely as fun as its title suggests...
Perhaps such phenomenal slaughter is best left to the imagination.
Never tries to be anything but a slick update of the cheap martial arts thrillers distributed by Cannon Films in the 1980s...
Hey, how many ninja movies are there for comparison? Plenty of action and an interesting hero plus above-average special effects. I wouldn't recommend putting this film up against Citizen Kane, of course. Paul Chambers, CNN.
Ninja Assassin could - and should - have been the Zombieland of martial arts flicks. Instead, it's just totally skip-able.
The problem is that the fight sequences -- the only reason anyone sees a movie like this in the first place -- are muddy, chaotic and boring. Even diehard fans of this genre would be well advised to skip this one.
Delivers everything you'd expect from a film titled "Ninja Assassin."
"Ninja Assassin" will not be enjoyed by all, specifically the female crowd who will feel assassinated by this action film.
This hyperkinetic gorefest should have remained in the shadows.
If you think this looks like a gorefest from the trailers, just wait until you see the whole thing.
Humorless, pedestrian and overly flashback-laden, the film's only distinction is the over-the-top gore made possible by digital effects.
James McTeigue ("V for Vendetta") directs this unpredictable acrobatic display of violent spectacle that carries its themes of loyalty and skill in a slick flatpack of fast-twitch precision.
Maybe 50 minutes into the 96-minute running time, the film goes south as quickly and decisively (if not quite as badly) as any I've ever seen.
Once upon a time, James McTeigue made V for Vendetta, a thinking-person's revenge melodrama. He's paying for that with Ninja Assassin.
Everything in Ninja Assassin is over-amped.
An excessively gory, gruesome chopsocky thriller. A bloody bore.
...little more than an action programmer, but a worthy entry rather than something destined for the DVD clearance bins.
The plot's pretty basic, but it's surprisingly hard to follow.
Ninja Assassin has little opportunity to fill its action-free beats with dread or tension.
It's a wild mess, and it commits the worst crime a messy film can make--it completely lacks entertainment. It's an overly violent, unintelligible bore.
Blood spurts out of every imaginable orifice without a respectable clot in sight. Welcome to the poorly-scripted gush-fest, perfect for the Xbox set -- it's not a film, it's Grand Theft Ninja.
Once you get past the novelty of watching various body parts slide off in a blurt of CGI blood -- which, granted, may take a good 30 to 45 minutes -- the film just stands there, flexing.
Won't be starting a new ninja craze in Hollywood.
While there is more to Ninja Assassin than endless gory excess, what's remains is like an arterial spray afterthought.
The gory decapitations and gushing blood - imagine filling a million balloons with cherry Kool-Aid and using them in a water-balloon fight - turn the action scenes into an indistinguishable sea of red.
This saga, set in Berlin, is more committed to its bloodletting than to any of its characters.
Working with screenwriters Matthew Sand and J. Michael Straczynski (from an original story by Sand), McTeigue provides enough wire-fu fights and stylish gore to please the fan boys who expect ample bloodletting from an R-rated action movie.
If bloody mayhem is your idea of fun, this movie could cause you to explode in joy.
For a movie about a calculating, silent killer, Ninja Assassin sure is dumb and loud.
...a tight-lipped, tightly wound adventure that mostly satisfies audience demand for throwing stars, swinging swords and disemboweled bodies, at least when you can see them getting disemboweled.
As I left the theater, I found that my thumbs ached. I hadn't realized that, during certain parts of the movie, I was pressing imaginary buttons as if trying to control some video game.
A movie that provides plenty of jolts but precious little pleasure.
Rain and Harris are decent and there are moments of stylized lunacy that nearly work, but Ninja Assassin is a film that falls apart as soon as you think about any single element of it.
This movie knows exactly what it is: Gonzo silliness about bodies turned into human salsa.
Shouldn't throwing stars be silent? If they're gonna sound like gunshots, why not just use guns?
It's a gorefest, a borefest and a snorefest.
Thanks to the movie's dire script, flat performances and excessively slick, tricked-out fight scenes, it gets increasingly hard to care about anything that goes on here, even when it happens to be visible without the use of night-vision goggles.
McTeigue obscures whatever is happening on screen, using bad lighting and rapid editing when he should be holding the image still and letting viewers see what they came for.
A balletic collection of blood-spattered martial arts moves that's bound to delight fans of the genre.
Ninja Assassin is wildly improbable and completely unrealistic, but it's also bloody good fun.
Unfortunately, uninteresting characters, disjointed storytelling and an unbearable lull in the action cut Ninja Assassin off at its knees. It's the viewers who will beg for mercy here.
This one is simply a diverting, uncommonly violent action flick. No need for an extended critical postmortem. Except to say the Wachowski brothers' trademark seems to have turned into a designer brand dedicated to producing inexpensive knockoffs.
Turn your brain off and turn up the blood splatter.
Sounds promising, yes? But this way-too-frantic noisefest cooked up by the Wachowski brothers turns out to be just a mess of choppy editing and bad CGI.
Rain is a very talented slaughterer. He could kill you with a pair of tweezers, a hair dryer, two bananas, whatever. Be glad he's a good ninja.
When a movie's first scene shows one thug getting the top of his head sliced off and another being chopped diagonally in half, you know you're not in for much of a dramatic crescendo.
What's a recovering ninja assassin to do? Why, paint the screen bright red, of course. Splatter it on. We're talking streaks and rivers of blood -- bloody swords, bloody clothes and, my personal favorite, bloody stumps.
If I want to spend 90 minutes with better lighting on the ninja's body than the fighting, give me Lucinda Dickey in Ninja III: The Domination any day of the week.
Ninja Assassin, awash in a veritable flood of patently fake CG blood - some of which ends up bespotting the "camera," no less - feels like getting stuck on Level 1 of the 1992 beta version Mortal Kombat for two hours.
All of the beheadings and flying body parts are done with CGI, distractingly so, and so quickly and darkly that there's no time to savor the gratuitous gore.
You certainly can't accuse Ninja Assassin of not living up to its title, but the filmmakers clearly never thought beyond that point.
Can be ridiculously exhilarating.
Parental Content Review
Ninja Assassin lives in the moment, a visceral gouge of a picture, and sections of it move so fast -- and are so intriguingly, dimly lit -- that you have to use your imagination a bit to discern what's happening.
If a film that's as over-the-top violent and gory as Ninja Assassin can't get an NC-17 rating from the Motion Picture Association of America's ratings board, it's unlikely any film will.
It's brisk and exciting and exuberantly obvious filmmaking, but it knows how to light up every bloodthirsty pleasure center in your brain, and does so with gusto.
No prize, [but] at least it barrels ahead without trying to humanize its comic-book characters or deliver a ludicrous V for Vendetta-style political message.
Heads may roll, torsos get severed and geysers of blood spurt, but no amount of CGI'd gore can save 'Assassin' from being dramatically lame, visually impaired and kinetically flat-footed.
Nearly incomprehensible, the picture devolves quickly into an array of shaky cam, epilepsy-inducing editing, and blatantly fake CGI bloodshed the color of red paint.
It's a ninja story for goodness sake, but McTeigue and his writers are on the prowl for something epic, puncturing the potential of the film by taking it all so very seriously.
The credits for Ninja Assassin list two screenwriters and one director. But it's fair to say the movie has come straight out of a box.
If Ninja Assassin boasted sexual content equivalent to its level of violence, it would be rated NC-17 and repulse even the most dedicated perverts
This amateurish action flick is so lacking in personality or punch, it ought to be titled "V for Video Store Discount Bin."
Let's be honest, killing is this film's business... and business is good.
The egregious overuse of CG and the too-dark cinematography is unconscionable.
Uncertain of what it wants to be, Ninja Assassin will likely disappoint action fans with excessive CGI gore, and gore fans with excessive uninspired action.
The rotten cliches pile up faster than the bodies in this Z-movie disaster. A total dud start to finish.
An action film that only works as long as there are ninjas on-screen slicing and dicing each other, and not so much when anyone opens their mouth and speaks.
McTeigue can barely shoot straight, and the editing is so hack-y, you have to take the stunts and fight choreography on faith.
[A] bloody concoction of slasher movie blended with martial arts and a small helping of faux Eastern philosophy...
This movie may be filled with razor-sharp shuriken and katanas, but as far as the filmmaking goes, it's a blunt instrument.
This shockingly disjointed and relentlessly dull picture can't even deliver the martial-arts kick its title so plainly promises.
Since the ninjas only come out when it's dark, most of the movie's fight scenes are low on both visibility and excitement.
Gleefully bloody martial arts tribute - about a renegade ninja hunted by his clan - makes "Kill Bill" look like an episode of "7th Heaven".
Dumb and dumber German troops, homicidal hotties into doing laundry, creative enemy amputations without benefit of anesthesia, and martial arts hostile takeover of big bucks bank accounts that could have gone the less frenzied route of identity theft.
There's more to making sword-and-splatter work than just shiny blades and blood. It's got to have an edge, and the one on Ninja Assassin is dull as a butter knife.
It is indeed filled with lots of ninjas who are constantly at each other's throats with all manner of sharp implements.
This emotionally leaden genre offering never escapes a sense of mocking déjà vu for savvy viewers.
An East meets West splatterfest unfolding like a lethal cross of Crouching Tiger and Sam Peckinpah.
Seemingly made to capitalize on a dubious CG innovation -- namely, the slicing of bodies in half by whizzing five-pointed stars -- Ninja Assassin has little else to recommend it, not even laughs.




@highlight

Overly serious and incomprehensibly edited, Ninja Assassin fails to live up to the promise of its title.