It has the unmistakable hollowed-out, jerkily-paced feel that comes when scenes have been ripped out more for reasons of running time than narrative clarity.
What is it that drives talented actresses to dive into a hot pile of cinematic crap soon after winning their first Oscar?
Even Theron's sexy catsuit acrobatics can't prevent boredom from setting in as the film's unimaginative production design and dull dialogue take precedence.
One would have expected something this cheesy to go direct-to-video %u2014 or at most to Showtime, on late at night.
stodgy and listless futuristic thriller that only ever echoes other cinematic sci-fi tomorrows.
Between bouts of gun fights and acrobatics, "Aeon Flux" is a dreadfully boring and incomprehensible mess with a screenplay that constantly jumps between clunky to just plain embarrassing...
There isn't a hint of the actress who earned her Oscar for Monster in this blank performance.
a live-action feature that captures all too depressingly the original TV cartoon's evolution from inventive weirdfest to a more run-of-the-mill brand of dystopian cyberpunk.
spektakularnost potro%u0161ena zbog MTV-jevskog stila monta%u017Ee koji gledateljima ne dozvoljava da shvate %u0161to se zapravo doga%u0111a na ekranu
A story that is both poorly conceived and badly told.
Between Charlize's skimpy, spandex outfits and the equally-sparse, angular modernistic architecture this readily digestible, if implausible sci-fi adventure is laced with enough surprises to keep you engaged throughout.
The 15-year-old MTV cartoon on which it is based must be better than this.
The camera drools over each titilating catfight and gazelle-like leap.
The telling of this story is rather dull and lifeless; the film is full of rote combat sequences and no real sense of danger or adventure.
A slick-looking action movie with too much exposition and a weighty, pretentious tone.
Slick, sexy, and incredibly stupid.
A high-octane, indisputably terrible piece of futuristic silliness.
An effort that's somehow both depressing and trivial.
Sometimes the film looks a little silly and the high hopes we had of talented director Karyn Kusama of Girlfight fame, are not realised. The end result is a film that verges on boring.
Dashingly beautiful but distressingly dumb.
It's made with some style, but flags after the first rip-roaring action moments.
This year's Catwoman, a disaster of truly seismic proportions.
Theron looks terrific and the cast do the best they can with the material they're given, but someone really should have written Aeon a snappy comeback or two.
Aeon Flux es el último blockbuster de la esperada temporada navideña y resulta sin embargo, tan sólo un filme palomero de fin de semana.
Preposterous, pretentious and surprisingly dull...
The performances are plastic...
Kusama (Girlfight) and her writers play it dead straight, and the result isn't nearly as much fun as it should be.
The bright, retro-futuristic Pop Art production design matches the 1970s 'THX-1138' values of a story that suggests freedom can be found within the natural world that lies outside our technological cocoons.
There is something particularly ghastly about a bad science fiction movie
Aeon Flux is not a instant classic or a pants-wettingly exciting adaptation of a forgotten graphic novel, but it is also not a Catwomanesque career killer nor a wasted 93 minutes.
...sci-fi jolting gibberish. Did we already mention witnessing Theron in skin-hugging get-ups acting like a curvaceous contortionist experiencing PMS?
It's actually pretty decent.
If the film proves anything, it's that what made Aeon Flux compelling and special as an animated series had everything to do with the medium and the freedom Chung was given to shape the story as he pleased.
While its heart is in the right place, Aeon Flux's head is just a little too high to make much sense.
Theron makes a mark in the video game action flick genre with this, and thereby widens her portfolio. As though she needed to.
It's not as bad as you might think.
The enormous, and probably impossible, amount of style and wit required to resuscitate the original cartoon into something with real faces, bodies, gravity, and locations is beyond Kusama.
"Aeon Flux" is "Catwoman Redux."
At least half is brilliant and inspired; frustratingly, the rest frequently lets it down
The movie's violent set pieces are absurd, so frenetic and incoherent they aren't even as good as the average ones showcased in a syndicated late night cable television action spectacular.
A failure even on the action-adventure/vicarious-butt-kicking level.
Neither cheesy fun nor laughably bad, it is just lifelessly dull.
Cirque du Soleil downloaded into a three-ring video game.
Portray(s) the future in a monotone drone, forcing the poor actors to murmur their flat, lifeless dialogue.
"Aeon Flux" is thoroughly ridiculous, all but begging to be laughed out of the multiplex and into the second-run theaters.
It probably looked like a good idea on paper.
The tag line is, 'The Future Is Flux.' Personally, I think they left the 'ed' off that last word, and it's not only the future that's in this state, but the movie itself.
Bad special effects, bad action, bad costumes -- bad everything.
An impersonal slab of sci-fi sameness, Aeon Flux wears its lethargy like a badge of honor.
Breeds plenty of contempt.
The movie should have been called Aeon Sucks.
It's as if someone just swept up the floor at the Sci-Fi Factory, and instead of tossing the junk into the garbage, they glued it together and called it a movie.
99% of the world has been killed by a fatal virus, and the remaining 1% probably smoked like chimneys, with my luck.
isn't as bad as I feared it might be, but it's certainly nothing more than a run-of-the-mill action flick that just happens to have some cool set designs
Weird pop-art becomes routine.
In the dystopian future, apparently, women will be bendable Barbies in leather scanties, and everyone will speak like brain-dead robots.
Aeon Flux is best appreciated for the costumes, the sets and Charlize Theron's haughty athleticism.
We know it's the future because everyone has the most ridiculous hairdos.
The picture climaxes with the crashing of a blimp, an image that encapsulates the Hindenburg scale of its failure.
One would figure, after 400 years of bad action movies, that leaders would learn: If a woman comes at you dressed in a tight jumpsuit, duck.
A hokey, post-apocalyptic jumble of clunky storytelling, tin-ear dialogue, and ineptly staged action sequences.
The futuristic thriller is overly familiar and never especially gripping -- and too somber and cerebral for the young action crowd -- but it looks terrific and is in no way an embarrassment.
Spectacularly silly.
Simultaneously silly, ostentatious and terribly boring.
There's no way to say it but to come right out with it: Aeon Flux is a good movie. Actually, it's a really good movie.
Ten years ago, Chung's animated Aeon Flux was groundbreaking, inspirational. It still is. Maybe another spin through Chung's Flux DVD set will wipe away all memory of its middling live-action cousin.
This is one of those perfect on the outside-fascist on the inside societies where everything happens in huge, cavernous spaces for no particular reason except that it's a cool setting.
To put it succinctly 'Aeon Flux' sucks!
This could have been, maybe, a rich and fascinating invented place to explore and hang out in, but instead it feels like exactly what it is: a bulls**t Hollywood excuse for science fiction.
Aeon Flux isn't about how cool or weird or geeky it can be, but about the potential endgame of a contemporary social debate, and that is its best asset.
Are you really willing to pay full fare just to see Charlize Theron do backflips in skintight S&M outfits?
The fact that a movie containing all of those elements could be as sterile and monotonous as this one is a wonder in itself.
The waste of talent and money thrown into this cheesy, haphazard production should be a criminal offense the world over.
Despite the studio's lack of confidence, it isn't exactly an awful movie -- it's not Honeymooners bad, at least, and Paramount eagerly welcomed critics to that one.
Even worse than Catwoman... If you are compiling a Ten Worst of the Year list, Aeon is a must-see. Otherwise, your time would be better spent doing just about anything else.
Not even the sight of Theron in stylized bondage gear can atone for the muddled story, hackneyed action, and dulled-down effects.
An estrogen-energized companion piece to Michael Bay's The Island.
This live-action cartoon tries to walk the line between pleasing the faithful and appealing to a broad-based action audience. It fails on both fronts.
The film has lots of violence, but there aren't any consequences -- it's like a videogame, where the worst thing that could happen is you have to start over.
Kusama seems to spend most of her energy rendering Theron in perfect poses and lighting schemes.
Although it would be difficult to laud this movie as being anything stronger than mediocre, it is superior to what one would reasonably expect from something Paramount was trying to keep under wraps.
Despite impressive sets, a fine cast and some eye-popping special effects, this sci-fi action movie doesn't always work -- mostly because visual gimmicks overcome plot and character development.
Theron plays Aeon as a reluctant cipher who yearns to get back to a real existence. By the end, you'll know the feeling.
Paramount Pictures and MTV Films blatantly tried to keep the movie, which debuted Friday, away from critics to prevent opening-day reviews. For good reason. Hollywood suits didn't want anyone to know how utterly boring the movie is.
Thanksgiving is over, but those gluttons still hungry for turkey should enjoy picking at the carcass of Aeon Flux.
You know a sci-fi action film is failing when even the outfits are bad.
Poor Pete Postlethwaite comes off looking like an old man stuck in an oversize, dried out Cheeto Puff.
Not awful enough to be bad, nor ambitious enough to be good.
Flashy but incredibly dull...a real catastrophe, the cinematic equivalent of a tsunami.
Aeon Flux is by far the year's worst movie, a most dubious achievement.
Theron is fetching enough in her tight outfits, but utters each line like she just downed a handful of quaaludes.
Folks, I'll never understand studios. Aeon Flux is not that terrible. It's certainly more fun than a lot of films that get lovingly showcased.
Both gorgeously surreal and vacuously arty.
It's not terrible. It's not so bad that it's fun. Aeon Flux doesn't rhyme with 'flux.' It's just watchably bad, which is no reason to watch it at all.
Personally, after her amazing performance in Monster, I prefer the ugly Charlize Theron.
It was so uncomfortable to watch this film, I felt like I was desperately holding back a bout of extreme diarrhea while having dinner with my girlfriend's folks for the first time.
Charlize Theron has her Oscar. Now she has her Catwoman.
If you couldn't tell the difference between a Flux from an Aeon before you walk into the theater, be prepared to make this response to the picture: 'whaaa?'
A thoroughly awful and unusually incoherent piece of work.
I usually bypass puns based upon a film's title, but here I can't help myself: Aeon Flux is a flux-up of prodigious proportions.







@highlight

Aeon Flux lacks the gravity-defying pace of its animated predecessor, and, despite some flash, is largely a dull affair.