Ricky Gervais and Eric Bana are decent fun in this pleasant but not overly memorable little flick.
Lots of profanity, drugs in so-so satire.
Gervais has missed the mark again with Special Correspondents, a lacklustre comedy that's big on absurdity but surprisingly low on laughs.
A wasted opportunity. [Full review in Spanish]
Special Correspondents is like a mish-mash of some great ideas that go absolutely nowhere.
This work is mildly satirical. The difference here is that the bite is so mild that this barely works as a satire.
If Special Correspondents has one prominent problem - aside from running out of gas before the finish line - it is that no one player in the cast is prepared to step up and dominate when needed.
Special Correspondents is a flimsy, irrelevant, unfunny 'satirical comedy' which adds up to nothing much at all.
Gervais once again proves that movies are not his strong point. [Full review in Spanish]
Special Correspondents is so devoid of more meaningful commentary that it's practically headless.
Did not believe one second of it. Ricky's worst movie, by far. And his laziest.
Dubious, unfunny, protracted wish-fulfilment. Quite, quite awful.
With Special Correspondents, Ricky Gervais proudly strides into the Adam Sandler phase of his career.
Special Correspondents doesn't stem the tide of mediocrity from Ricky Gervais. In fact, it's probably his worst creation to date.
The entire production seems like a half-hour comedy special that got stretched out to feature-length.
If it's actually disappointing, rather than merely just OK, it's that one (still) expects more from the co-creator of The Office.
Special Correspondents keeps coming up with big ideas, then taking them to undersized ends.
A shrugging surrender to formula and an irredeemably botched media satire.
There's a great satire to be made about our modern interaction with journalists, and how gullible the American people can be when it comes to how reporters shape stories to their own benefit. "Special Correspondents" is not that movie.
There's nothing wrong with the type of movie "Special Correspondents" wants to be. The problem is that Mr. Gervais doesn't appear capable of making a good version of it.
The film, which Gervais both wrote, directed and starred in, is notable for taking the proverbial out of both stereotypes while following, rather less adroitly, in the satirical footsteps of Evelyn Waugh's 1938 novel Scoop.
Let me be clear: Nothing about Special Correspondents is relevant or interesting about media, warfare, or human nature.
A tepid Gervais is better than no Gervais at all, and Special Correspondents has its moments, most of which are supplied by supporting cast members like America Ferrera and Vera Farmiga.
What Gervais may have previously turned into a pointed satire of the news media instead becomes a flimsy farce that's surprisingly low on laughs.
Whatever point it might have is dulled by Gervais' cursory direction and a shortage of real-world overlap.
Special Correspondents could have been played by anyone, written by anyone; it's not a very interesting vehicle for the distinctive one-off talent that is Gervais.
It's not exactly breaking news, but the British comic certainly has fun going for broke.
Ricky Gervais's film hopscotches through a variety of premises, looking for jokes that never arrive.
Gervias's script is a lumpy mess, filled with clumsy exposition and turns that are either frustratingly inexplicable or irritatingly predictable.
Perversely pleasurable, it works on its own self-conscious terms, though not all audiences will appreciate its English brand of sad-sack humour.
Netflix's ill-conceived satire marks a career low for writer-director-star Ricky Gervais.
Gervais' script mistakenly assumes that its ever-more-troublesome plot twists are alone enough to prop up the proceedings. With each new development, though, the film becomes slightly creakier ...
A sitcom riff on Wag the Dog with its satirical edges sanded away.

@highlight

Feeble writing and two-dimensional characters make Special Correspondents an unsuccessful, embarrassing endeavor for creator Ricky Gervais.