Red Dawn, whose heroes are teens, will be most appreciated by the teen audience. But adults will lose interest pretty quick.
It's hardly worth the wait.
More like Red Yawn.
A picture of slight charms and minor successes, but they're definitely there for the right audience to discover.
... intricately designed to not offend any subset of its audience. It's as impotent as Milius' original was ballsy, and despite a brief running time and passable action, it ends up a frustratingly pointless experience.
As stupid as the original, yet modernized to include the Subway product placement that today's audiences crave.
Ridiculously violent for the certificate and wholly implausible in its set up, Red Dawn is the kind of gung-ho action thriller for people with sawdust for brains.
In the wake of the Oscars, we have an early contender for worst film of the year.
It is a foolish, ill-considered undertaking, the unexpected topicality of which makes it all the sillier.
This dismal remake of the overrated '80s cult flick is littered with the type of nausea-inducing patriotic dialogue lampooned by the likes of Team America: World Police.
While it does have its inherent flaws, it proves to be much better than the original...
The action is generally well-staged, although watching teenagers building car bombs and cracking jokes about Call Of Duty feels like something to be endured rather than enjoyed.
Hollywood's cynicism knows no bounds. They're now remaking bad movies too.
From its doomsday narrative and tired action set pieces, Red Dawn represents the lowest common denominator of dumb action movies.
This has to be the year's most pointless remake: a boring and badly acted reboot of John Milius's gung-ho red-scare actioner from 1984.
The enemy may have changed, but the same fatuous paranoia, flag-fluttering patriotism, and flimsy grip on international politics remains.
With any luck this will be the spanner that finally jams up the works of Hollywood's dangerously overcranked '80s remake Wurlitzer.
You're constantly asking yourself 'Will it matter if I leave half-way through this film?"?!
The concept is, undeniably, ridiculous, and the plotholes plentiful if one cares to look hard enough. But Red Dawn zips along at such a pace it's hard to notice.
Long-delayed. Arguably not long enough.
Dan Bradley's Red Dawn does a fine job distancing itself from the original, but while doing so becomes a mostly mindless action picture with a rather shallow message.
The doltish, messy and frequently incoherent result bears all the hallmarks of a botched and compromised endeavour.
It's rubbish . . . and its sheer chutzpah makes it insulting as well!
Unfortunately unexciting remake of the 1984 junk-culture cult classic about a bunch of American teens who fight back after America is invaded by Communists. Yes, Communists... This could have been fun.
As idiotic as its inspiration, but it lacks the live-free-or-die integrity that 'Zen anarchist' John Milius brought to the original production.
Unfortunately, post-9/11, an invasion seems more plausible than it did in 1984.
If your film choices are dictated by what is in the $2 pile at Blockbuster, I imagine this kind of easily justified pro-war sentiment would go down a treat, especially with a bottle of cheap whiskey.
This remake has none of the cultural currency of the original, nor its violence nor campy panache. It is a cowardly, irrelevant thing ... one of those really ill-advised remakes that should never have happened, but at least will be forgotten very quickly.
Josh Peck is terribly miscast in this role and his character is so annoying, he almost made me root for North Korea.
It's an insult to an audience that is desperately trying to suspend disbelief.
The Red Dawn remake is as needless a reboot as Hollywood can offer.
Has enough patriotic fervor to draw in audiences once word of mouth gets around.
The idea that this is not only a classic but that it justifies a remake is ludicrous at best. This was a movie that needed to be forgotten, not resurrected.
...just another redundant contemporary remake...
Red Dawn is like the cinematic equivalent of burping and having some barf emerge at the back of your throat. You'll want to strap yourself into one of the vehicles with a car bomb attached to it just to get out of finishing the stupid thing.
Wobbly and foundering or, as one young commando observes, 'We're living 'Call of Duty' - and it sucks!'
A ridiculous remake; it may be updated but it's not any smarter
Red Dawn isn't a particularly good film... but it is entertaining. As an exploitative remake of an exploitative flick from the 80s, it's still fun to watch.
The back story of the making and release of Red Dawn is more interesting than the movie.
If the North Koreans invaded and saw this movie, they'd probably just turn back.
A mediocre substitute to playing Call Of Duty.
It's an ill-conceived reworking of the 1984 film that changes the time and place but retains the laughably serious tone and gleefully preposterous plotting.
It's Friday Night Lights territory, but without good writing or acting.
In trading Milius's jingoist conviction for brotherly friction the remake has little reason for being.
'Hot Tub Time Machine,' here we go again.
"When they came for the grunge enthusiasts, I said nothing..."
It's worse than bad: it's forgettable.
MGM looked at the original formula and decided that if it was going to upgrade just one ingredient, it would be the quality of the explosions.
A technically proficient, matinee time-waster, but not the palpable, clammy-palmed geopolitical nightmare that could have been. It trades not on current U.S. anxieties, but the bankability its stars acquired as the film languished on studio shelves.
This is one of those movies that has no reason to exist. It is a remake that no one was asking for...
More of an overly-fantastical propaganda action film than the serious war drama the original aspired to be.
Red Dawn suffers from a number of serious problems. The first, and most obvious, is that this is mini-series material compressed into a 95-minute movie.
Not as gloriously cheesy, or gritty, as the original, but still a good little low-rent action flick.
...actually more entertaining than the 1984 original... though that isn't saying a lot.
Heaven's Gate for the Hunger Games generation
"Red Dawn" is not really a stinker. It's fairly well done, even if the believability factor is zero.
After a while all you notice are the head-slapping moments, like an odd bit of product placement when in the midst of street warfare a Subway store is open for brisk business, with the Wolverines grabbing cold cuts and cheese.
John Milius' 1984 original may not have been a paragon of clear-headed foreign policy, but...Dan Bradley's remake predictably sidesteps-and, in one case, mocks-its source material's most interesting moments...
If one can swallow the plot holes and hackneyed characters, one still must deal with the confused staging and nausea-inducing handheld camerawork of first-time director Dan Bradley.
[Feels] more like the pilot of episode of a short-lived CW series than a feature-length motion picture.
Forgettable remake has lots of explosions, war action.
The new "Red Dawn" is a simplified, dumbed-down version of the 1984 original. Gone are the few political nuances Milius peppered through his script.
Take that, screaming North Koreans with no agenda!
Preposterously insincere ...
John Milius's 1984 cult classic about American teens battling a Soviet invasion has been reinvented as a Tea Party wet dream that offers a scathing (if completely illogical) indictment of the federal government.
Geez, who's the U.S. going to be invaded by next year, Yemen?
This version of Red Dawn is so basic, so primal, that, instead of speaking to a post-modern movie audience, it merely grunts.
The new Red Dawn already seems as dated as its 1984 predecessor.
Hobbled by a laughably bad script and a uniformly uncharismatic cast.
North Koreans? Falling from the sky? Seriously?
Just really, really lame, right down to the Communist symbols that adorn the revised Stars and Stripes.
An even odder war story than the bluntly provocative, Reagan-era original.
Even though it is a remake and everyone involved has tried to modernize the film and story, Red Dawn feels like an old fashioned, out of touch movie.
Red Dawn without the jingoism is like a pie without the filling-it collapses into splintered mush.
The more ludicrous a concept, the more crucial it is that the director embrace the bigger-than-life absurdity. But everything about this project feels small-time.
Despite the more realistic battle scenes, nothing in it feels more fateful than a football game.
It's Kim Jong-un versus Some Young Dumb 'Uns.
I think I'm beginning to understand why the Chinese were not reckoned to be a prime market for this film.
The invaders could have been Mexicans, Canadians or even the Freedonians and it wouldn't have made much of a difference. And that's because the film isn't great. Heck, it's not even good. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
A valiant effort to update and improve upon a problematic movie that winds up matching the original in terms of success -- or, better, the lack thereof.
It's highly unlikely that 30 years from now anyone will be looking back with fondness on this 2012 release.
Skip this remake and put on some acid-washed jeans, drink a TaB soda, dust off the Betamax and put in the original. It may be dated, but at least it's entertaining.
Viewers willing to check their brains at the door and go along for the ride will find it a suitably exciting, if not exactly tougher or smarter, version of subject matter that is timely in an entirely different way than it was nearly thirty years ago.
Could be fun, you might think. No. Bad acting and worse dialogue quickly put an end to that notion.
A movie in search of its moment.
Bradley ... handles the low-fi action well, which helps divert attention from the bargain-bin special effects, bad acting and politics.
Was anybody out there clamoring for a remake of "Red Dawn"? Show of hands? Anybody?
Straight-up action fare that never asks any questions beyond where the next round of ammunition is coming from, based on a premise even sillier today than it was a quarter-century ago.
Scenes are rather murkily shot and characters are like cardboard cutouts.
[Its] portrayal of violence derives more from video games than from history.
Hutcherson gives what may be his first lackluster performance here, and I say that as someone who saw both Journey to the Center of the Earth movies.
Anew Red Dawn could have been so much more fun had it thrown a properly out-of-bounds tea party. (It lacks the signature brawn of original director John Milius, a guns-first libertarian.)
I hope the ghost of Patrick Swayze forever haunts the producers for their creative cluelessness and unapologetic mangling of a once wildly entertaining war film premise.
The new Red Dawn is polished to a high Hollywood gloss and stripped of nuance and moral ambiguity, while flamboyant man's-man Milius' version dares to accord the invaders a measure of humanity.
Bradley delivers some cleanly cut action and some grimy, modest mise-en-scene, though neither compensates for the goofiness of the plot, which dates from a less globalized planet.
By the end, we appreciate the wisdom of the character who says, "Dude, we're living Call of Duty. And it sucks."
Unfortunately, the characters are so programmatic, the premise so ridiculous and the situations so far-fetched even if you accept that premise that no energy can be built, and the little that's there can't be sustained.
It's not a disaster. It's just drab.
Feels like a movie without a cause.
Today's terrorism paranoia, apparently, is too complex and too faceless for some. No, we need a clear-cut enemy. Do you have something in red?
This world is divided between the makers and the takers, and after just a few minutes of "Red Dawn," you'll realize there's not much more you can take.
The flick emphatically caters to the militia groups and secessionists who've installed really cool home theater systems in their bunkers.
"Red Dawn" is a ghoulish parody of reality, served up earnestly and obliviously, to an audience whose enjoyment will, perforce, be directly proportional to its ignorance.
Single-mindedly action-oriented to the point where Milius's film seems relatively ruminative ...
If nothing else, this film makes a persuasive argument for the case that someone needs to get John Milius behind the camera again because someone with his deft cinematic touch is desperately needed more than ever
The '84 original wasn't Shakespeare by any stretch, but it's practically a nostalgic masterpiece compared to this misguided remake.
If you need a "Red Dawn" fix, just rent the original.
There's no edge to anything, either dramatically or politically.
The point of Red Dawn seems to be to give teenagers who've mastered Call of Duty a chance to put their slaughtering skills to use in the real world.
There's no point in remaking a film unless you can improve upon the execution of an original idea and/or reform an old idea and make it apply to the now; Red Dawn doesn't bother to do either.
Remaking an old film is rarely a good idea, but sometimes the idea is so spectacularly bad that the reasoning behind it defies all comprehension.
The Red Dawn remake has sat on the shelf for two years, and maybe it should have stayed there.
It's not saying much that the new Red Dawn is better, but it is. By quite a bit.
"Red Dawn" is a lot funnier than you remember.
May be one of the most worthless remakes in recent memory and this is coming from someone who didn't hate Len Wiseman's Total Recall.
Red Dawn is far from perfect, [but] it's a crowd-pleasing action flick that does John Milius' original movie justice.
... the new "Red Dawn" feels like -- a surface-level photocopy with all of the problems of the first film and none of the accidental, seen-in-the-rearview power.
The movie works as a silly parade of ridiculous but fascinating action sequences, but flops as political fiction or coherent melodrama.
The original is no masterpiece, but it does get you rooting for the Wolverines. The 2012 version finds similar success, but to a lesser degree, as it's too manic and illogical to support character development.
The long-delayed remake of John Milius' 1984 Cold War drama Red Dawn turns out to be heavy on noisy action and light on almost everything else, including plot development and dramatic tension.
This second-rate "reboot" is a dull, tired and unnecessary remake that you'll forget by the end credits.
Shockingly tolerable and surprisingly entertaining.
The [Dan] Bradley "Red Dawn" plays more like an extended video game.
An already silly premise is given a ham-fisted treatment in this ill-advised remake of John Milius' 1984 hit action film.
It feeds the warrior fantasies of adolescent boys with a testosterone-heavy tale of a war free of moral complications.
Battle scenes are infused with a propulsive sense of urgency, as Bradley (a vet stunt coordinator and second unit director) often achieves an effective semi-documentary look.
Ultimately, Red Dawn is a fun film that knows enough not to try to be anything it's not. Most of the cast is solid, the action is good, and there's a nice sprinkling of legitimately funny moments throughout.
... too confused and too muddled to be either a love-letter to the militia movement or an indictment of putting guns in the hands of kids, and without any specific point of view or focus to its storytelling, it just doesn't work.
I'm just hoping it does well so I can pitch my own sequel, Fred Dawn, where terrorists take over Fantastic Fest and I take them out one by one and save the day... Perfectly good fun.
Equally as stupid as the original, but it runs about 30 minutes shorter, which is nice.
Yet another awful, flag-waving, post-War on Terror guilt reassignment picture.
Garbage
at best the cinematic equivalent of a voting-day robocall to people who are susceptible to nailbiting, apocalyptic paranoia - even as a fantasy-actioner, it's too cartoonish to embrace and too dangerous to indulge.
Stands well enough on its own as an efficient, exciting tale of teenage insurgency.



@highlight

The rebooted Red Dawn lacks the original's topicality, but at least pays tribute in delivering the same short shrift to character development and general logic.