An affectionate parody of Japanese giant-monster hero shows to make points about the unraveling of Japan's cultural heritage.
The movie's shambling, matter-of-fact approach to pulpy material is funny, as is its steadfast avoidance of visual hype.
Big Man Japanis built around a funny concept, vaguely akin to Hancock: its title character is a superhero who is a bit of a loser.Unfortunately, the concept is not enough to sustain entire the film.
The movie doesn't get truly weird until the Power Ranger-style superheroes show up, and the special effects get even more low-rent. Then it really takes off.
Big Man Japan shows a good mockumentary needs more than killer concept to make us howl.
Somewhere there is a stranger film than Big Man Japan, but it would be hard to find.
This inspired 2007 send-up of the atomic-monster genre gets a fair amount of comic mileage from Daisato (played by the director) being anything but a big man.
Very funny in an insidious way.
This is Matsumoto's first feature (he's a famously odd Japanese comedian), but it's a distinctively bizarre piece of work. Remember the name.
The film, written, directed and starring stand-up comic Hitoshi Matsumoto has, like most superheroes, a tragic flaw: It isn't funny.
If Christopher Guest made a Japanese monster movie, the end result might be Big Man Japan.
Smart spoof of the Japanese giant-monster genre.
A cheesy B-movie that's initially refreshing, funny and a guilty pleasure, but eventually sinks into tedium while its comic energy and imagination concurrently diminish.
Goofy sci-fi satire aimed at a narrow audience.
At nearly two hours, Big Man Japan is clever (in a sick sort of way) but overlong. It needs judicious editing -- more mockumentary, fewer superhero antics.
As in life, the nonmonster stuff goes on too long. But wait until the giant baby shows up.
It's as much fun as an old, popcorn-throwing kiddie matinee of Destroy All Monsters -- and far funnier intentionally than most superhero movies are accidentally.
You've probably never seen anything like Big Man Japan.
Deflation--not delight--is the rule, and the key to enjoying the B-movie fights is to accept that even when Masaru wins, we're not meant to feel triumph.
The most impressive special effect here is Mr. Matsumoto's hilariously restrained performance, a tour de force of comedic concision in a movie bloated by increasingly surreal developments.
The fight scenes, with their absurdist humor and various creatively designed and executed monsters, will earn the film a deserving cult.
Matsumoto and Mitsuyoshi Takasu trade the grand for the gargantuan, the battle-drama for the video game fight.
Hitoshi Matsumoto's graceful satire Big Man Japan is a viewing experience akin to a leisurely acid trip, but it's also one of the more original, surprising visions of the year.
A one-joke mockumentary about a misfit superhero, Hitoshi Matsumoto's kaiju eiga comedy milks a slight idea for all it's worth and then some.
Blending the best elements of Hancock, Godzilla and This Is Spinal Tap, Big Man Japan is likely to work for you to the extent you're willing to endure special effects almost as cheap as those in the original bad B-flicks being lampooned.
Our globalized world may be a small village but humor does not always travel well across the Atlantic (or Pacific).
Surpasses any mockumentary you've ever seen.
I hurt myself laughing at this amazingly inventive mockumentary, and because it's so good, I refuse to give away much more than an insistent recommendation.
One minute it's Godzilla Meets Mothra, the next it's Kramer vs. Kramer. Gotta love it.
From deadpan to Ultraman.
...we follow middle-aged bachelor Dai around Tokyo while he feeds his cat, rides the subway, and periodically transforms into a 50-foot tall tattooed wrestler who battles giant monsters.
A flick tailor-made for the midnight slate at your favorite film festival. Especially if it's a festival that allows you to drink beer during screenings.

@highlight

Hitoshi Matsumoto's indescribably odd mockumentary is undeniably inspired.