Light-hearted romp with much creative photography.
It's all about the sparkle of glamour and the romantic smolder of seductive stars playing cagey characters who play at romance with all of their charm.
A bubbly and effervescent Alfred Hitchcock romantic-suspenser that finds the Master in a relaxed and purely entertaining mood.
Hitchock-lite, but highly enjoyable for it, To Catch a Thief is a visually dazzling romantic comedy with two incomparable leads.
Grant and Kelly are on sparkling form, as is Jessie Royce Landis as the latter's formidable and smirky mother, and the French Riviera is beautifully captured by the Oscar-winning cinematography of Robert Burks.
Francie finds something inauthentic in Robie: "like an American in an English movie". Well, yes, perhaps. But Grant's debonair and oddly unlocatable mid-Atlantic identity is absolutely right for the part.
A fun seaside frolic, but doesn't sit long in the mind.
The whole thing is really a condensed summer holiday, all hot sun and suavity.
It's all slight, charming and fairly forgettable.
It is a significant dud, and Grace Kelly's role has the virtue of making clearer the quality which excited so much attention in previous roles.
Lavishly shot in the French Riviera, this romantic thriller is vatsly entertaining due to star power of Cary Grant and Grace Kelly.
A riveting, rollicking Hitchcock suspense classic.
should keep you guessing while you have a chance to see the veiled sexual relationship between Grant and Kelly's characters
Grant gives his role his assured style of acting, meaning the dialog and situations benefit. Kelly, too, dresses up the sequences in more ways than one.
...has the feel of being made while on a getaway vacation.
Colorful, fun Hitchcock pairing Grant and Kelly.
A collection of VistaVision postcards.
Hitchcock and screenwriter John Michael Hayes posited voyeuristic spectacle as the essence of cinema in Rear Window; in To Catch a Thief they validate their thesis with plenty of spectacle to be voyeuristic over.
It's one of Hitchcock's lightest and most purely enjoyable exercises.
One of the most lightweight (and not even particularly deceptively so) of Hitchcock's comedy-thrillers; a retreat from the implications of Rear Window into the realm of private jokes and sunny innuendo.
Fluff, but made of spun gold, with Grant and Kelly at their glittering best.
The heart of the film hinges on the enjoyable Côte d'Azur romance between Kelly and Grant.
Vintage Hitchcock.
Fun light-hearted thrills from Grant and Hitchcock.
Grace Kelly brings a sometimes-frosty but incredibly radiant charm to her role.
Hitchcock at his slick, glossy entertainment best.
Prototypical Hitchcockian tale of stylish intrigue and intensity highlighted by the dashing dimension of the Grant/Kelly collaboration. A classic cat-and-mouse romance caper that impeccably flourishes
To Catch a Thief does nothing but give out a good, exciting time. If you'll settle for that at a movie, you should give it your custom right now.
more romantic than suspenseful, better known for its clever double entendres (both verbal and visual) than its hair-raising moments
Worth a peek.
A wonderfully witty and sexy Hitchcok thriller that answers the question, "Why did the chicken cross the road?"
To Catch A Thief (1955) is a Hitchcock-directed, lush, entertaining comedy/thriller concerning jewel heists on the French Riviera. Although the polished caper film
Alfred Hitchcock's fluffy 1955 exercise in light comedy, minimal mystery, and good-natured eroticism (the fireworks scene is a classic).
This enjoyable mixture of wit, low voltage intrigue and highly charged attraction is really about the appeal of its two great stars and the beauty of its seaside setting.











@highlight

It may occasionally be guilty of coasting on pure charm, but To Catch a Thief has it in spades -- as well as a pair of perfectly matched stars in Cary Grant and Grace Kelly.