[Christian] Mungiu has taken a leap forward into bold, focused storytelling.
Regular spaces and regular interactions take on...a grave pressure cooker effect...the film nearly becomes unbearable as small actions, movements, looks, and utterances take on an affectation of desperation and the utmost importance.
4 Months, 3 Weeks, and 2 Days, which was unjustly denied an Academy Award nomination for best foreign-language film, is grueling and unsentimental. The excellent acting is what keeps it humane.
Mungiu called the film one of his "Tales From the Golden Age," but there's nothing satirical or sardonic about the story or the drama, and none of the sentimental East German "Estalgia" for the good old days of comforting Communist rule in sight.
How it makes you feel depends little, if at all, about your position on abortion. The procedure acts as a MacGuffin for caustic commentary about Communist clampdowns and a friendship's annihilative death spiral through loyalty, desperation and sacrifice.
No one in Bucharest gives a damn about anything. And he takes 113 long, drawn-out minutes to send this bit of news.
Unrelieved gloom
Director Cristian Mungiu makes effective use of fairly static camera setups, in addition to some hand-held shots, to give the film a documentary feel.
Extremely powerful story about women dealing with illegal abortion issues in Stalinist Romania, but it is not a simple propaganda movie. In fact, it is a sublime if deeply troubling work of art.
For people who take their movies seriously, a quick course in Romanian might now be necessary -- and so is a trip to the theater to see 4 Months.
Grippingly horrible.
This is an unsettling film, brilliantly acted all around, most especially by Vasiliu and Marinca.
[A] brilliant, suspenseful, absolutely riveting film.
Better viewed as an illustration of the extreme dynamics of a friendship of personality contrasts than as a movie about illegal abortion or oppressive Communist regimes.
A stark, thought-provoking and disturbing insight into the harsh reality of life under the Ceausescu regime.
While other films may be just as engaging due to wit or sheer spectacle, few have ever been as affecting on an emotional level.
If you love slow moving character studies with a provocative subject matter, then go see this right now.
A real kick in the gut
A keenly observed and ferociously realistic somber political drama about an illegal abortion in the Romania of 1987.
Like another recent streetwise Cannes prize winner, the Belgian film L'Enfant, it is stripped of sentimentality and pretense. It is visually static, glacially paced and dramatically unvarnished.
This is a low, slow whistle film. Just wow. Gripping. Emotionally honest. Frustrating, too. Sad. Not one many pro-lifers would enjoy although the message coming at me loud and clear was 'nothing is worth going through that!'
I'm glad I saw it, even though I can't imagine ever wanting to see it again.
...a stark bleak testimony to friendship and the indomitability of the human spirit.
It's a hard film to watch, especially if you know where it goes--I had to brace myself to see it a second time. But it's an important film, one of great feeling. It even works as a thriller.
(Cristian) Mungiu creates great screen tension when he introduces the black-market abortionist.
It may not have been remembered at Oscar time but it's cinema you won't soon forget.
Writer-director Cristian Mungiu uses long, naturalistic shots and creates a credibly grimy atmosphere to depict life in the dying regime.
It's an astonishing piece, and Cristian Mungiu establishes himself as a world-class director.
Un drama austero, que puede resultar en una experiencia tensa, agobiante y hasta repulsiva, acerca de un tema polémico sobre el cual la película evita tomar partido.
The minimalist realism is a drawback as well as an asset.
The riveting second half rewards your patience and tolerance for emotional pain.
There's no obvious 'style' in 4 Months, unless you count utterly natural acting, brutal but compassionate storytelling and disciplined camera work as a style.
[Anamaria Marinca's] convincing performance as the clearly conflicted Otilia holds our interest throughout the film.
Cristian Mungiu's masterful chronicle is impressive above all for the way it respects the audience, expecting them to follow the implications of its multifaceted tale without always spelling them out.
Just as Romanians got used to eating bones with little meat on them, they must also have gotten used to movies with very little dramatic meat.
It's a testament to the brilliance of Mungiu's writing and the actors' performances that the conversations feel more natural than anything captured on a reality show.
A brilliant and discomfiting film.
The mesmerizing 4 Months, 3 Weeks and 2 Days represents another outstanding offering from Romania, a country in the throes of a cinematic renaissance.
His film unfolds with a graceful realism, as if he just happened to catch life unfolding for these two desperate women. His film never hits a false note...
A film of brutal, breathtaking intelligence, a work of pellucid, shimmering art without a scintilla of compromise, 4 Months, 3 Weeks, and 2 Days is surely one of the very best films of the year. And you can pick the year.
4 Months, 3 Weeks and 2 Days is a feminist film of the toughest and most rewarding kind. Without flinching, it looks at the limits of female friendship and college romance; it depicts the horrors of illegal abortion from every angle.
Virtuosic, assured, and possessed of undeniable aesthetic force, it's also hard not to turn away from.
Proceeding with a blunt and sometimes brutal relentlessness, 4 Months, 3 Weeks and 2 Days impresses and engrosses as a work of stark, spare naturalism.
Observes with ruthless, artful precision. While plunging a knife through your soul.
The film emerges as a devastating personal drama, a suspenseful horror story and a powerful statement about life under a repressive regime.
It's daring, challenging, and hard to take, but it's a story that should be told and very few filmmakers could have possibly told it this well.
It is a feat in filmmaking from a young director wise beyond his years.
'4 Months' proves once again that compelling filmmaking doesn't necessarily have to entail big spending.
A powerful film and a stark visual accomplishment.
Writer-director Christian Mungiu has made the choice to let the material play out in a calm and even-handed manner in the hopes that the despair and barely-contained anger that he is trying to convey will come through without having to underline them.
... a grueling and deeply affecting human drama.
This is a beautiful film about ugly circumstances, set in 1987 near the end of the Ceausescu era in communist Romania.
The absolute clarity of the storytelling, the aching authenticity of the performances make for a film that will stay with you for at least as long as the period alluded to in its title. It might stay with you forever.
Not a film that's easy to watch, but it is one of remarkable power...a searing indictment of a society gone wrong as well as a harrowing personal story.
A grinding, expertly crafted slice of Eastern European miserablism... an unquestionably overpowering experience that nonetheless left this reviewer with a nagging sense of unease.
Utilizes its draconian politics to underscore the desperate determination and nerve-racking fear of stepping outside the box.
There's fascination in these still little dramas that feel more like voyeurism than cinema.
Although the film takes place over two days, writer/director Cristian Mungiu keeps us so close to every mundane moment that he conveys the sense that he's shot in real time.
It may seem perverse to contend that a movie with such a harrowing subject is nevertheless revivifying. But the New Wave of Romanian cinema is the most exciting in the world right now. 4 Months, 3 Weeks, and 2 Days is its latest masterpiece.
Writer-director Cristian Mungiu confirms the Romanian cinema renaissance while creating a paradoxical marvel: a bleak tale of illegal abortion that powerfully affirms one's faith in people.
First, this movie should be enjoyed. Later, marveled at. And then, once the excitement has faded, 4 Months, 3 Weeks and 2 Days really should be studied, because director Cristian Mungiu creates scenes unlike any ever filmed.
Features impressive performances by the three main characters and powerful naturalistic cinematography.
An historical story of consequence and consequences around an enduringly lively social argument.
The winner of the 2007 Palme d'Or at the 2007 Cannes Film Festival, the movie is an instant classic, watching it as kinetically withering an experience as anything I any I've ever experienced.
4 Months, 3 Weeks and 2 days feels like a kind of appendix -- and a bursting one at that -- to Krzysztof Kieslowski's Decalogue.
For film connoisseurs who are interested in how far the medium can go in depicting human stories with realism at its most confrontational and even discomfiting, 4 Months, 3 Weeks and 2 Days will provide a bracing breath of fresh cinematic air.
Oleg Mutu's deft handheld camerawork and Mungiu's meticulous reconstruction of Ceausescu-era Romania, in all its corruption, hypocrisy and drab cleanliness, create an overweening atmosphere of dread.
Excruciating, ugly and very, very foreign. Sounds like the ideal candidate for the Palme D'Or.
Uma obra-prima do primeiro ao último plano.
Cristian Mungiu's elegantly crafted, brilliantly acted film, set in Bucharest in the late 1980s, near the end of the vile Ceausescu regime, needs special help in finding the audience it deserves.
It puts current Romanian cinema firmly on the international map.
4 Months rings true, one reason being that the story was inspired by real-life events.
...a true horror story.
Talk about body horror: combining social melodrama, character study, and hair-raising thriller, 4 Months, 3 Weeks and 2 Days is a riveting ordeal in three parts.
Starkly, brutally honest, Cristian Mungiu's well-acted abortion drama paints a bleak picture of Romanian life in the late '80s.
Embodies the humanistic perspective… that simply to relate the story of a significant human event, to tell the truth without gloss or commentary, has value in itself.
...rises above any pro-choice or pro-life preachiness because the picture's first concern is for the humanity of its characters, born or not.
But one lingering question remains %u2013 why would anyone want to see this, besides film buffs wanting to see last year's Palm d'Or winner?
Devastating.
In 4 Months, 3 Weeks and 2 Days, a ferocious, unsentimental, often brilliantly directed film, the camera doesn't follow the action, it expresses consciousness itself.
Nothing good happens in 4 Months, 3 Weeks and 2 Days, and yet no lover of greatness in filmmaking will want to look away from one of the very best movies of 2007.
Captures the tenor of a particular era with uncanny force.
This tough, unyielding film by Cristian Mungiu, about two women seeking an illegal abortion in Communist Romania, is liable to stick with you for a while.
Harrowing and heart-stopping.
This is the first memorable movie of 2008.
When a Romanian film is as obtuse as 4,3,2, it feels like a countdown to cinema's termination.
What you see will floor you.
4 Months, 3 Weeks and 2 Days is a movie one watches in a state of mounting dread. Romanian writer-director Cristian Mungiu's brilliantly discomfiting second feature is one long premonition of disaster.
What's most remarkable in this grim, harrowing drama is the ensemble. The actors explore their characters softly, yet with chilling authenticity.
4 Months sounds more or less unwatchable. [Director] Mungiu's pacing is so sure, however, in its switching from loose to taut, and the concentration of his leading lady so unwavering, that the movie feels more like a thriller than a moody wallow.
The Un-Juno.
...a taut, emotional gut wrench of a film depicting the horrors facing women in tyrannical societies.
The stark drama is a consummate cinematic example of a socially charged parable told from a deeply personal perspective.
This is cinematic naturalism at its finest.
There is no escape from desperation in this not-so-long-ago Romania, but 4 Months, 3 Weeks and 2 Days is striking, original and memorable.
Brilliant.
The frigid stoicism of 4 Months, 3 Weeks and 2 Days barely contains the filmmaker's fury.
A wearing examination.
A superb film, in which the enemy isn't just time.
Tense, kinetic, intelligent and real.
While the final effect of the subject may leave an aftertaste of depression over the choices some people make, the joy of being overcome by such rare talent in storytelling is, actually, uplifting.
A harrowing journey of two women made desperate by a government that puts bureaucracy ahead of the interests of its people.
It conveys unblinking and despairing emotional truth with enough intensity to leave you gasping for air.
Mungiu guides his story with infinite patience, favoring long, still shots that capture all those mundane details that eventually turn out to be not so mundane.
An excruciatingly tense study in the minor misjudgments of youth forced suddenly and shockingly into the adult world.
A high-end realist drama quickening skillfully into a thriller.
This Romanian drama suffers from a flaw common to many European films: too much intellect, not enough heart.
A ragtag tour de force, a low-budget, high-drama independent marvel that reinvigorates cinéma-vérité.
A typically bleak and slow-paced kitchen-sink drama.
4 Months, 3 Weeks and 2 Days unspools as dispassionately as a security camera video. There are no judgments rendered here, only truths that arise from harrowing insights.
Never surrendering its grip on the viewer, 4 Months is the rare film with gravity and speed -- a moral tale in the form of a suspense thriller.
This is one of the year's very best movies, provided you don't mind a sort of horrible depression hangover that keeps the film in your thoughts long after you've left the theatre.
Mungiu's fascination with modes (and codes) of behavior gives his period piece a resonant universality.
At times unbearably tense, this harrowing drama deservedly won the Palme D'Or at Cannes, thanks to superb direction, a gripping, suspenseful script and a terrific central performance from Anamaria Marinca.
Accomplished melding of both an aesthetic and a moral sensibility, of politics and art, of love and disillusionment, of acting and being.
The film favours naturalism over polemics and is all the more forceful because of it.
Strange to long for the humorous undercurrents of the no less despondent Lazarescu and Bucharest, but perhaps making sense of the red specter requires just such a penetrating mix of solemnity and absurdity.
This year's Palme d'Or winner, 4 Months, 3 Weeks and 2 Days, makes it's U.S. debut at the New York Film Festival
Themes of altruism and selfishness colour the harrowing realism; the camerawork is skilful, with many scenes unfolding in one, locked frame; and the performances are superb.
Performances are naturalistic and flawless, and Mingiu's dialogue sounds as if he were recording real life.
The most urgent and least pleasant of the recent Romanian films.
A beautiful and formally compelling work of art.
A riveting, wrenching, horrifying and beautifully told story.
A riveting and realistic Romanian film about an abortion and a young woman who proves that friendship is the crown of life.
Can be looked upon as an anti-Communist tract and an implied statement about abortion, but far more important, this is an incisive film about two vulnerable people at the mercy of a cynical abortionist and an underground economy.
...a sharp political commentary about free-market forces in a socialist bureaucracy where nearly everything is regulated by the government.
Definitely worth checking out, but also not worthy of beating a handful of other pictures in Cannes competition.
Spare drama.
Suffice to say that what's done with plot elements is as surprising as the rest of this gripping, satisfying film.
After 2005's Moartea domnului Lazarescu (The Death of Mr Lazarescu), another very high quality Romanian film explores the country's ills and the illnesses of its inhabitants.
A harrowing tale of the grim lengths to which two young women will go to end an unwelcome pregnancy in a totalitarian society that is indifferent to their fate unless it involves punishing them.
Pitch perfect and brilliantly acted, 4 Months, 3 Weeks & 2 Days is a stunning achievement.
It shows both the horrors of illegal abortion and the potential traumatic experience of abortion in general but it is done without a hint of didacticism or the maudlin.







@highlight

Featuring gut-wrenching performances from Anamaria Marinca and Laura Vasiliu, 4 Months is a gripping portrayal of life in Communist Romania.