It is by far too long and has lost a significant amount of its wonder, but spending a rainy Sunday afternoon with Verne's adventure seeking story is a surprisingly easy, diverting experience.
An epic very much of its time, this vastly entertaining star-studded travelogue was put together (with some difficulty) by the great showman Michael Todd.
Michael Anderson's direction couldn't be more unimaginative and flat. A movie like this should be swimming in creative whimsy, and a sense of wonder. There's nothing of that sort here.
The wonder is that this Polyphemus of productions does not simply collapse of its own overweight; but, thanks principally to Showman Todd, the picture skips along with an amazing lightness.
Thanks to its grand scale and great central performances by Niven and Cantinflas, the original fantastic voyage still holds up very respectably.
Just goes to show you what dreck can win the Oscar if you got the money and know how to promote your product.
With a smash lineup of stars in major and minor parts, Todd has turned out a surefire hit.
Everything about this big, beautiful movie smacks of authenticity, excitement, and massive showmanship.
Proof that you can buy an Academy Award.
An amusing trip around the world in a style befitting Jules Verne, Around the World in 80 Days lives up to its hype as a massive, glossy epic.
This is the worst film to win the Best Picture Oscar.
The most magnificent travelogue disguised as adventure spectacle ever made. Or is it the other way around?
This globe-trotting adventure was not the first to use Todd-AO, but it put the new technology to better effect, taking audiences to exotic places, where they could spot Hollywood stars like Sinatra, MacLaine, and Dietrich, in cameo roles.
Is the whole thing too exhausting? It's a question of how much you can take. We not only took it but found it most amusing.
An interminable travelogue interspersed with sketches in which star-spotting affords some relief.
Lighthearted, pretty, and entertaining
lavishly entertaining epic
Big, loud, flashy fun. But "Best Picture"? I don't think so.
The movie has not aged well. Many of the performances are arch, playing the comedy broadly, which is blandly predictable as the film grinds on and on.
80 Days is pure fluff, but it's so delightful in its fluffiness that the lack of any real depth doesn't matter.
Entertaining Sunday afternoon stuff.
The movie has not aged well. To its credit, it is benign and charming, with an intoxicating musical score, compelling cinematography and a continually advancing locale.
An eye-filling travelogue, an exciting adventure and a very funny film.
The cast of thousands and absurb scenarios overcomes the overlong oddities in the movie.
Around the World in Eighty Days may have its faults and lost some of its original allure, but it remains a sure-bet even today.
Bloated, overblown, all-star extravaganza. Very much of its time.
This 1956 multi-Oscar winner has probably aged badly during the intervening years.
Not only the beginning of cameos, this was also the beginning of large, flashy, special-effects ladden spectacles that did more for the dazzling of the eye than it did for the mind.
The novelty these far-flung places must have had for a 1956 audience is a bit lessened for the viewer today.
It was definitely one of the biggest "event" films of the 1950s, but the decade produced many smaller films that were much more entertaining and that have aged better.






@highlight

It's undeniably shallow, but its cheerful lack of pretense -- as well as its grand scale and star-stuffed cast -- help make Around the World in 80 Days charmingly light-hearted entertainment.