It also has one thing that Lord of the Rings never did: A story that is human-scale, even if it's about hobbits and dwarves.
At the centre are terrific performances from Freeman and Richard Armitage as the dwarf Thorin, plus all the lush scenery, majesty and magic we've come to expect from Jackson - strengths that will have us counting the days until part two.
Slow start, senstational ending: a decent job. No The Lord Of The Rings, but no The Phantom Menace either.
Virtuous, authentic heroes have a way of making more heroes as they journey on, whether across a movie screen or the pages of a beloved book.
There is a good deal to be said about Peter Jackson's long-awaited and exceedingly long adaptation of J.R.R. Tolkien's The Hobbit, most of it bad.
There were extended sequences when my eyes literally could not track the action. Sense of space was demolished. Motion swamped the screen.
The 'LOTR' films have become so iconic and undeniably definitive, that it's often anticlimactic in 'The Hobbit' to hear grand characters saying new sentences in new settings.
Watching the three great actors in eye-popping 3D as they go on and on about dwarves, dragons, a necromancer, elves and ogres is the joy and ridiculousness of a fantasy movie that takes itself very honestly and seriously.
[Peter Jackson's] efforts to filter or self-edit - assuming there were any - remain fruitless.
A bloated, entirely unnecessary cash-grab prequel suffering from a fatal case of elephantitis.
You may have seen Middle Earth before. But you haven't been IN Middle Earth.Peter Jackson's 'The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey' has made it possible for you to feel like you're surrounded by the astonishing environment created by J.R.R. Tolkien.
With the first film pushing three hours, purists will be pleased. Less die-hard audiences will find a lot of meandering set-up - albeit visually gorgeous meandering setup.
Remember the joke that The Fellowship of the Ring was just a bunch of people walking around for three hours? In this case, it's actually true.
An occasionally entertaining but empty fantasy epic...
It rambles over hill and dale and mountain and field and forest and marsh and through cavern and catacomb and grotto and pothole...but will please the Tolkien faithful.
While the new scenes don't add much to the great film, the outstanding wealth of special features makes this one of the must-own Blu-rays of 2013.
It's like we returned to Disneyland to find it looking as magical as ever, but with most of the rides closed.
There are worse ways to kill time, sure; it's just that there is, alas, so much time to kill.
"Unexpected Journey" runs nearly three hours. That gives Jackson plenty of time to revive its magic [which he does] by triggering our good will toward the "Rings" trilogy. He evokes the trilogy's tone and its rhythms.
As great as Serkis is, he can't begin to make 'The Hobbit' look anything but short.
The odd thing about the saying "too much of a good thing" is that it acknowledges the fact that, something, in general, is composed of an overabundance of excellence.
The Hobbit may not be as memorable as the Lord of the Rings trilogy, but it's a mostly faithful adaptation that sticks to the same tones and themes of the source material.
It's a journey that any fan of Peter Jackson's "The Lord of the Rings" Trilogy should enjoy.
Peter Jackson's return to Middle Earth feels familiar and unfulfilling.
If Jackson had focused simply on Bilbo's party and their attempts to get a proper homeland for the dwarves, 'The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey' would have been a leaner, more engaging tale.
Fans of J.R.R. Tolkien may like sitting through a 169 minute film, that easily could have been trimmed by at least 50 minutes. But, I was constantly aware of the long running time.
Whenever this movie suffers from lengthy prequel-itis and a weighty sense of expectations, it falls short. Still, for much of its 165 minutes, this epic has enough small moments and deft touches that it tugs you along with the power of a good story.
An Unexpected Journey offers an unparalleled visual spectacle
a drag-down, mildly diverting entertainment
When the dwarves turn up mob-handed, kicking off a night of boisterous revelry, the laboured jests and jollity seem to go on forever. And the combination of dwarves, forced humour and familiar faces off the telly turn the occasion into bad panto.
The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey had me with the dulcet melancholy of displaced Dwarves, yearning to be home.
Slower out of the gates than a three-legged donkey... but it gets better, and fans won't mind this slowburn beginning because, hey, it's Middle Earth.
It's the behaviour of the supposedly affable dwarves that makes this particular 'adventure' such a punishing experience.
...a jaw-dropping visual carnival courtesy of Peter Jackson and company!
Very, very (very) slow in the early going, but Peter Jackson does get there (eventually).
The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey is a story stretched too thin; dragged out by drudging slowness and obvious padding that its handful of thrilling action sequences can't improve.
Should more than satisfactorily scratch the itch of those who have waited many long years to see Middle Earth back on screen.
A marvel of filmmaking wizardry and engrossing adventure storytelling, The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey marks another triumph by director Peter Jackson who once again takes J.R. Tolkien's words and brings them to life with skilful, passionate expertise.
THE Hobbit occupies that same awkward spot in popular cinema as the Twilight movies in terms of balancing good cinema against fan-service.
Here's hoping Jackson's love affair with technology shifts back to his real strength-good old-fashioned storytelling-and that he has the courage to edit down the film.
"Disappointing" isn't the same thing as "bad."
There is simply not enough story to justify the inordinate length...the enormous production effort is negated by [the] disastrous decision to shoot at 48 frames per second...This makes the entire enterprise look like the world's most expensive home video.
Lacking the interesting characters and intriguing subplots that made the earlier trilogy so engaging, The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey is too flat, too slow.
A vibrant vision but a long slog.
Like the sad, bug-eyed Gollum, moviegoers may not have realized how much they missed movies like this onscreen in the past several years.
The absolute highlight: the return of Andy Serkis, master of motion-capture performance, as the scary, disturbing, pathetic Gollum.
A wild and visually stunning quest through a fantasy world all done with the noble spirit of courage and goodwill.
For what it's worth, the first installment of The Hobbit hits all the right notes and delivers what will be expected of it
Repetitive and pointless action scenes fill out an already bloated runtime, but not to the level of indulgence that we saw on 'King Kong'.
For thousands, the Lord of The Rings trilogy was an emotion-filled spectacle; The Hobbit, by comparison, is all pixels and no pulse.
Wax your hyperbole.
All in all I think of it as The Hobbit: A Better Than Expected Journey.
'The Hobbit' is another ambitious, gorgeous and faithful trip into JRR's writing - and because of this, it won't win any new fans if you had no patience ten years ago. For those who do, you'll definitely want to go there and back again.
An unexpectedly great start to the prequel to "LOTR"; Peter Jackson strikes again.
My biggest complaint about this latest adventure in Middle-earth is that it is three hours worth of set-up for the next movie.
Much as with LotR, the casting is a strength.
This first chapter of Peter Jackson's new Tolkien trilogy takes us back to the familiar settings and characters, inflating a simple journey into an epic adventure in the process.
Peter Jackson didn't particularly want to direct The Hobbit, and I didn't particularly want to be bored to tears, but there we both were, fulfilling what could only be described as some sort of cinematic murder-suicide pact.
Having now seen it twice, I favor the 2D/24p version over the 3D/48p one. But absent the format quibble, Jackson gives us a worthy start to a new trilogy.
I have a reservation about the tone of pantomime that is established at the start of the film, but the much anticipated 48 frames per second 3D presentation seems glorious to me
Jackson's adroit direction and brilliance of the reality are the film's high points. Whether there is the substance to support three films will be revealed. As far as technical wizardry goes with superb 3D effects, it is the visuals that excel
Butter spread over too much bread, Bilbo might say.
Aqui e ali, até sentimos o gosto do universo criado por Tolkien, mas para isso temos que devorar quilos e mais quilos da massa fermentada por um padeiro megalomaníaco que perdeu o controle sobre o que levará ao forno.
Despite its bloated length and meandering plot, this is still an enjoyable production, at least for fans of Peter Jackson, Middle Earth and J.R.R. Tolkien.
It does what so few sequels/prequels do, making you hungry for the next of the series, while still making you appreciate very much what has come before.
Peter Jackson seems keenly aware of the differences between The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings, and instead of trying to make one more like the other, he embraces what makes each story unique.
Jackson seems to be going through the motions of epic fantasy filmmaking.
In his desire to tell this story in the most comprehensive manner possible, Jackson seems to have forgotten one of cinema's most pleasurable tricks: the ability to cut to the chase.
This is a Hobbit cobbled together by an obsession with technological ingenuity at the expense of storytelling.
Full of stuff... all the way up to a bloated 169-minute running time. But stuff is not exactly the same thing as having a rich and complicated plot.
Simply, if you're a fan of the way Jackson has delivered Middle-earth to you in the past, then this is more of the same...
... there's nothing to hate or fear here (unless you buy the super-chubby size soda). Welcome back, Middle Earth.
Visually it is sometimes amazing, but it is a large troll step down from the last trilogy.
Entertaining, but just when a good thing becomes too much of a good thing will vary from viewer to viewer.
For better or worse this is no longer J.R.R. Tolkien's Hobbit it has become Peter Jackson's Hobbit. Lots of talking, walking and singing. Hard to take the villains seriously when they all sound like high-pitched singing versions of Elmer Fudd.
Though some may find "An Unexpected Journey" a bit slow in parts (I can't imagine) or a tad too long (I might agree), I found the experience exhilarating!
Whatever you think of Sir Peter Jackson --- he was knighted in 2010 for "his service to films" --- you have to admire his ambition.
Instead of simply adapting Tolkien's novel, Jackson has opted to use the story as a jumping off point for a convoluted prequel that threatens to do for Middle Earth what George Lucas's Star Wars prequels did for a galaxy far, far away.
This is hobbit cordial, one part juice to nine parts water.
Is the 48fps format a good thing? Not unless the title had been Days of Our Hobbits or As the Shire Turns. My advice, then, would be to see this fairly entertaining movie in 2-D or even regular 3-D and leave the 48fps nonsense by the wayside.
I prefer my movies to be more entertainment than ordeal.
'Well, that was the longest video game trailer I have ever seen. No, seriously, are you going to show the real film now?'
...almost 3 hours watching this would seem to be beyond torture for a normal adult, despite the exceptional production values which comprise the only reason to see it.
It frequently seems as though Jackson was less interested in making The Hobbit than in remaking his own fabulously successful Lord of the Rings series.
Not all the scenes are necessary, and a great deal of the movie is set-up, with Jackson reveling in his own return to Middle Earth. But it's an enjoyable experience.
Happily, despite all the technical details, "The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey" is exciting, tantalizing and satisfying.
While this film is way too long and might be more for Tolkien devotees than mainstream audiences, after a slow start it turns into a rousing adventure with plenty of visual flair and top-notch action sequences.
The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey is like 90 minutes of flirting, an hour of foreplay, and no sex. In other words, it's fun, but not entirely satisfying.
Precisely what an adventure epic should be: huge, long, and lots of fun.
While Jackson has clearly fleshed out some aspects of the source material, An Unexpected Journey doesn't drag nearly as much is its 169-minute running time might suggest.
Two thirds is so packed with charming characters, stellar visuals and sense of adventure, it makes that other third come across as much more of a failure than it really is.
A few extemporaneous Lord of the Rings elements distract from The Hobbit storyline but Jackson has presented a captivating and exciting return to Middle-earth.
This first installment should draw a large audience; getting it back for rounds two and three will be more difficult.
There are so few directors who can convincingly create a fantasy world that I applaud Jackson for continuing to make Middle Earth a travel destination we still love to visit -- even if the journey is becoming less direct.
Despite some minor missteps, watching it feels like welcoming an old friend into your home. He may ramble a bit and slightly overstay his welcome, but hanging out with him reminds you of why you're friends in the first place.
A promising start.
...buried beneath the bloated 2-hour and 46-minute run time of The Hobbit is as an entertaining two-hour movie...
Are the creatures amazingly rendered? Yes. Have we seen their lifelike equal onscreen before? No.
My first thought in watching The Hobbit was: Do we really need this movie? It was my last thought, too.
To its own narrative detriment, "The Hobbit" works hard to lay the framework for what will follow. Certainly that's one way to set out on a trilogy, but it's surely not the best.
Nearly three hours, and the story has progressed only slightly. Nothing is short and sweet here, not even the identities. It's always Thorin, son of Theraflu, son of Thong, etc.
Tolkien tale isn't as great as LOTR, but better for tweens.
Jackson's risky creative choices have drained Bilbo Baggins' adventure of its magic.
It's all fight scenes, and the fight scenes have no arc. You just sit there waiting for some inevitable deus ex machina to save the day whenever Peter Jackson feels like it. The characters have no agency. It's like watching a kid play with his GI Joes.
By no means a disaster, The Hobbit mixes thrills with disappointments
Tolkein geeks rejoice
Fantasy fans hungry for a second breakfast of Tolkien-fueled fare can get their fill with this visually sumptuous feast.
Peter Jackson catches a nasty case of George Lucas-itis with his latest Middle earth saga.
There's no denying the majesty in Peter Jackson's visuals but he's taken a relatively slim children's book and stretched it beyond the limits.
...has nearly as much going for it (Martin Freeman as Bilbo, much untampered-with Tolkien dialogue) as it does against it (that chintzy-looking 48 FPS speed, bloated screenplay).
Sad to say, "The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey" is a pale shadow trying to reach the sun on the strength of the "Lord of the Rings" trilogy.
In his attempt to produce a definitive, enhanced-strength version of the text, Jackson has stripped away much of the fun, a great deal of the energy and most of the humour.
What it all comes down to is that if you in any way, shape or form enjoyed the "Lord of the Rings" movies then you must see "The Hobbit." Many happy returns.
Yet another battle-filled and self-indulgent film by Peter Jackson.
With each successive set-piece, the movie grows more and more rousing.
A minor flaw or two but assuming you don't spend all of your days barefoot like a Hobbit, the movie will knock your socks off.
The reason it's so hard to immerse yourself in the world of Middle Earth again isn't HOW Peter Jackson filmed "The Hobbit." It's WHAT he filmed.
A hugely enjoyable set-up for what looks set to be another thrilling trilogy.
Jackson has delivered plenty more of the big setpieces that fans loved in the trilogy, albeit at the cost of making The Hobbit far more imperial and epic than it needs to be.
Jackson has come back to Middle Earth to compose his most masturbatory effort yet.
This has to go down as the most disappointing film of the year.
It would be wrong to ignore the technical achievement that Jackson has pulled off yet again. But when said and done, "The Hobbit" feels more like a cinematic encyclopedia of Tolkein's mythical world rather than a trip to the movies.
THE HOBBIT: AN UNEXPECTED JOURNEY is a visual feast with whimsy and charm.
The repeated iterations of fight, flight and respite here get wearing. Especially perhaps because, with Jackson's fetish for detail, they take more time to watch on screen than to read about.
"The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey" has finally arrived, not on wings of gossamer fancy but with a hairy-footed thud.
Hems and haws with only an occasional cinematic punch, making it a good, but very expected journey.
While the 48fps reads very much as "American soap opera" in the early scenes, it's quite effective in the rousing, vertigo-laced action sequences. Messy, but worth a look.
Not what you might have been expecting, or hoping for.
A well-made spectacle that makes up for overall lacking story and character development with one incredible action scene after the next.
Jackson himself seems to miss the forest of the story for the literal trees.
Moments of brilliance and moments of boredom
Those expecting THE HOBBIT to be on the same level as LORD OF THE RINGS are only setting themselves up for disappointment. But if you just go in expecting a fun adventure, you should be able to enjoy it. Just DON'T see it in the higher frame rate.
If this were Green Eggs and Ham, the film would stop at approximately the point at which you would not eat them with a fox.
One possibility is that the main thing to recommend the film is nostalgia. But so be it.
Gets off to a decent start for this next trilogy, but it's not the epic, genre-redefining event of the one that preceded it.
The overgenerous running time is somewhat to the film's advantage, but there are warning signs that Jackson might be stretching the tale to its limit.
The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey is a lot like that beat up car you have sitting in the driveway. It doesn't always accelerate when it should, but once it gets going it's more reliable than anything.
The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey ... is clumsy where Tolkien's book is streamlined -- filling in the gaps where the novel is vague...
Just because you can do three movies doesn't mean you need to do three movies.
Okay but nothing spectacular as a whole and certainly not unique. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
With approximately six more hours to go, it's tough not to shudder at the sheer lengths director Peter Jackson is about to go to stretch this story into paper-thin taffy.
If The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey is any indicator of things to come, this trilogy could be every bit as wondrous and exciting as the one that preceded it.
An overlong adventure enlivened by wonders.
Guess what is unexpected about this journey? Nothing, as there isn't one surprise in watching this continuation of the cinematic telling of J.R.R. Tolkien's Middle Earth tales.
An Unexpected Journey is a major comedown, a muddle-headed and cumbersome piece of filmmaking that betrays Jackson's mercenary motives -- Tolkien's book, too.
If you loved the earlier films, these are moments you will hold on to, but they're very few, and they're not enough.
Once again, Jackson proves adept at capturing the tone and feel of Middle Earth, and the film takes us along familiar trails to meet some of our old friends.
I trust Jackson's instincts with Tolkien's work. It's his editorial indifference that could pose a greater threat to The Hobbit than any attack from Smaug.
Part One of director Peter Jackson's planned film trilogy of J.R.R. Tolkien's The Hobbit forces audiences to run an obstacle course before the fun kicks in.
Between its lighter tone and a decade's worth of improvements in digital film techniques, there should be enough of a novelty factor to delight most fans.
The tone of Jackson's latest is, appropriately, much more jovial than that of Rings, which unfolds in an era far more stricken with despair.
His first installment of The Hobbit, Tolkien's relatively slim precursor to the sprawling "Rings" saga, is a technically impressive but bloated adventure that makes you feel every one of its 169 minutes.
I was impressed with how much of the story's good humor Jackson and Co. manage to weave into the spectacle. It's there in the close shave with a gang of hungry trolls, and it really lifts off once Andy Serkis' uncanny Gollum enters the picture.
It may not be the story the book told in content and tone, but it's the story it had to be... plus 30 minutes.
Those early scenes in the Shire and the story of the loss of the dwarf kingdom establish character and purpose and give reason to hope and care that, like a talented sports team with a losing record, things can get only better.
A major disappointment that is about as difficult to swallow as the Denny's meals that are among the avalanche of commercial tie-ins that have accompanied its release.
Fun, though more than a little trying.
Time will tell if this is a new Peter Jackson cash cow or just a bridge too far.
The film is frequently gorgeous, technologically adventurous and eventually thrilling.
Tolkien's inventive, episodic tale of a modest homebody on a dangerous journey has been turned into an overscale and plodding spectacle.
The final sequence is an inspired little montage, with a Wagnerian flick in its scaly tail, setting up Hobbit 2. I can't wait. And I'm the one who didn't even want to go into Hobbit 1
Even at their eye-filling best, these sequences generate more spectacle than suspense.
Once the adventure is finally underway, and Martin Freeman's meek hero starts to come into his own, Jackson digs in and delivers an appropriately epic companion piece to his earlier trilogy.
By the third time someone hangs by his fingertips over a gaping void, or Gandalf shouts "Run!" so they can flee the latest CGI monstrosity, the Lonely Mountain seems far away indeed.
Once it gets going, it's actually quite fun.
This movie is about drawing things out as much as possible to make a snack-size story feel like a meal.
The last hour of this movie is pretty much nonstop, and it's a gas.
Little about the storytelling suggests a beating heart beneath the visuals; once the journey has begun, the characters find themselves in life-threatening danger with stupefying regularity.
Jackson's biggest failing with the first installment of The Hobbit is that he crowds out a great story with such minor plot developments that carry no immediate importance to the movie or characters.
Seeing The Hobbit is like going to a timeshare presentation. First you have to sit through the boring stuff before you can take advantage of the spectacular benefits.
Jackson imposes a sense of grandeur but mostly loses Tolkien's sense of fun.
This is not about a reluctant hero drawing courage from some deep personal well. It's not about dread and danger. It's about visual effects.
"The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey" is not the worst film of the year, but it may be the most disappointing.
The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey looks like the start of another blockbuster trilogy.
I'm afraid that whoever it was in the New York Film Critics Circle who voted for "The Hobbit" as best animated film had a point. And so did the people who suspected that this whole thing was a bad idea.
Watching The Hobbit was an unexpected endurance test. Younger children will not last the pace, but plucky ten year olds with a couple of well timed toilet breaks will lap this up.
Rather than an epic continuation of Jackson's Middle-earth obsession, the film seems more like the work of a man driving around a multilevel parking garage without being able to find the exit.
A bloated, dull mess of a film that meanders when it should move and stumbles when it should run.
Get ready for a more heated debate than any election season. Is Peter Jackson's ambitious, overblown adaptation worth it, or is it a flagrant attempt to create a cash cow out of a children's book? The answer is yes.
If you're going to a see a nearly three-hour movie based on a fraction of a popular book, make it "Lincoln"
As fun as it is to watch, this isn't Tolkien's Hobbit. The story of a peaceable traveler who knew the virtue of restraint is lost to the vision of filmmakers who have none.
The unhappy truth [is] that this return visit to Middle Earth is a bloated letdown.
The film is worthy of both your attention and of the Tolkien legendarium in which Jackson, his actors and his Weta Workshop technical crew are so firmly situated.
At nearly three hours long, "An Unexpected Journey" has moments when the caravan seems both overstuffed and out of balance, but it's such a scenic trip that only a stubborn homebody could complain.
...for the faithful. For everyone else, it will probably prove the same as any long journey, periods of discovery and excitement countered with long stretches of boredom.
It is great to once more be whisked back to Tolkien's extraordinarily vivid world, but Jackson's overstuffed film proves that it is possible to get too much of a good thing.
To gaze upon the film, like Frodo staring into that prophetic magic orb, is to be shaken by a dark vision of cinema's future.
A delightfully fun trip back to Middle-earth, even if it fails to justify its overstuffed 160 minute runtime.
.. An absolute triumph, possessing all the magic, adventure and excitement of (the) landmark "Lord of the Rings" trilogy.
Is it crunchable? Is it scrumptious? The best awful-looking film I have ever seen.
As entertaining as watching the last bits of ketchup drip out of the bottle.
Bloated...overlong. Even Shakespeare needs editing.
Features terrific performances, stunning action sequences and some state-of-the-art special effects, but it's also far too long ...
I'm here to vouch for Jackson, except for the length.
Almost all highlights and bombast, with little if any room for subtlety or poetry.
Though at two hours, 50 minutes it feels overstuffed, the first "Hobbit" film holds its own thanks to inspired acting and some jaw-dropping technical innovations.
When, in Jackson's film, someone describes a character's "love of gold" as having become "too fierce," you wonder if the warning might apply to "The Hobbit" in other ways.
At its best, it recaptures the Rings movies' breadth, detail, and staggering sense of beauty.
Often entertaining, especially for those fans who loved The Lord of the Rings and have been waiting years to see more of Tolkien's Middle-earth onscreen.
Peter Jackson definitely knows what he's doing. He just didn't do it this time.
Peter Jackson has formally moved away from the artistic act of directing, and into the business of creating synthetic movie "product."
Does An Unexpected Journey do a satisfactory job bringing audiences back to Middle Earth? The answer is 'yes' - if not as resolutely as I may have hoped - and the film is absolutely worth seeing for this quality alone
[The] elements are in place again, but the story feels less substantial than the Lord of the Rings tales.
Solid and acceptable instead of soaring and exceptional, [and] unnecessarily hampered in its quest to reach the magical heights of the trilogy.
"...after seeing The Hobbit I couldn't wait to see it again - projected at 24 frames per second and without 3-D."
It all just takes so long.
I feel like the 48 frames per second took off a full half point of enjoyment, yet I proudly reclaim here as I confidently send movie lovers forth to see "The Hobbit" (in 24 frames, please!).
Regardless of the frames, dimensions, or goggles used to conjure it, "The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey" is an incredible ride and a triumphant return to Middle Earth.
There are people who claim to see no difference between 24 and 48 frame rates, and to them, I'd recommend an unexpected journey to the eye doctor.
Packed with crescendos and crap-outs, Peter Jackson's mega-bloated beginning to Bilbo Baggins' pilgrimage across Middle-earth to Lonely Mountain both awes and bores.
Decent enough fantasy adventure, but it doesn't especially feel like Tolkien.
"The Hobbit" becomes what it was originally meant to be - not a cut-from-the-same-cloth prequel, but its own, individual thing.
[A] dazzling, busy, fundamentally tedious movie ...
It's a shame to see Peter Jackson treading water when there are so many new cinematic horizons worth exploring.
I found that it provided a pretty convincingly immersive experience, and I look forward to the technology's evolution/refinement. Which I guess also means I look forward to the next two installments of the trilogy.
The decision to hit the 12A rating squarely on the head also means that several scenes, particularly those involving Radegast the Brown (Sylvester McCoy) feel added more for their cuteness than content.
In a bit of irony, Bilbo Baggins says at the end of the movie: "I do believe the worst is behind us." We can only hope so.
The board is set, the pieces are moving and we're set up nicely for Jackson to tighten the noose with the love of second-act grit he displayed in The Two Towers.
The more dark it becomes, the more 'The Hobbit' becomes compelling as a story, and finds a fitting tone.
"The Hobbit" is an impressive first chapter.
Even though this installment is mostly a prelude, Jackson's eccentric mixture of low humor, earnest foreboding and digitally processed pageantry is consistently engaging and immersive.
Piles on enough eye candy and action sequences to please fans, plus more humor than the three "Rings" films - even if it only occasionally achieves the trio's grandeur.
If Peter Jackson couldn't tell this slight story in a single film there's no hope the other two in this prequel series will be any less bloated.
It's easy to spot the padding in this over-long, character-packed, bladder-testing, 162-minute first instalment. But there's still more than enough here to make it a worthy addition to the Oscar-laden fantasy series.
It's a promising start...but where it's going to in the two remaining movies is anybody's guess.
The Hobbit may be a different story to The Lord Of The Rings ... but there is really nothing all that unexpected about this journey.
I found myself concentrating more on the strange look of the film and less on the film itself.
Thankfully, Freeman is a charismatic lead, employing that familiar look of weary bemusement (perfected on The Office) to offer a humorous counterpoint to all the growly doom-mongering.
While fans of J.R.R. Tolkien's novels and The Lord of the Rings movies will find plenty to enjoy and marvel over, non-believers may find themselves getting bored and bemused by the unnecessarily drawn-out story.
Where the format comes into its own is in intense, action-packed territory. An Unexpected Journey's battle sequences are especially striking.
Where the format comes into its own is in intense, action-packed territory. An Unexpected Journey's battle sequences are especially striking.
An Unexpected Journey is a bit ropey, excessive and padded in places, sure, but if that's the worst and the best is yet to come, then this could end up being another great trilogy.
What's all this add up to? Not terribly much.
It's not as good as I hoped, but it's also a lot better than I feared.
And we're back! Slam bang in Middle-earth as though the Lord of the Rings trilogy never went away, which it didn't.
Thankfully, Jackson's flair for action sequences and bold and complex production design hasn't deserted him.
Viewers have come to expect visceral combat between characters who feel tangible in their appearance and reactions, but there's none of that here.
On balance, honor has been done to Tolkien, not least in the famous riddle game between Bilbo and Gollum, and some of the exploits to come will surely lighten the load.
An Unexpected Journey is a competent, entertaining effort but it neither enthralls nor amazes in the way its predecessors did.
( ... )despite plenty of flaws, this new forerunner to JRR Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings is set to have merit on its own terms. It's the most exciting film of 2012. And it's a technological ground breaker, too...
[M]ore than a bit like slogging through overly completist volumes of fan fiction, and that is going to bore more casual moviegoers, and also some serious fans...
It's hard to overstate the degree to which the 48fps format interfered with my ability to get lost in this movie's story.
The Hobbit plays younger and lighter than Fellowship and its follow-ups, but does right by the faithful and has a strength in Martin Freeman's Bilbo that may yet see this trilogy measure up to the last one. There is treasure here.
The Lord of the Rings trilogy [has] been replaced by something that resembles tatty summer-stock theater.
Peter Jackson returns to the Middle Earth he rendered so faithfully in Lord of the Rings, and it's never looked so glorious.
The real triumph of The Hobbit is that Peter Jackson leaves you wanting more.
A tighter hand (and one less film in the mix) may have helped this first film somewhat but there's no doubt that the first step taken on our journey with The Hobbit is an enjoyable and visually stunning one.
Jackson has made The Hobbit with brio and fun, and Martin Freeman is just right as Bilbo Baggins: he plays it with understatement and charm.
As a lover of cinema, Jackson's film bored me rigid; as a lover of Tolkien, it broke my heart.
Emotionally rewarding, imaginatively detailed and made with a genuine sense of joy, the first Hobbit chapter succeeds despite its structural and formatting mis-steps.
Peter Jackson triumphantly returns to Middle Earth with The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey. A folksy, beguiling adventure, we get to enjoy the splendor of the story and fantastic settings in a more whimsical experience.
Grandiose and visually spectacular, although the visual effects overwhelm the narrative.
An Unexpected Journey has so many pay-offs that most are likely to re-engage with the saga.
Once these dwarves, accompanied by Bilbo and Gandalf, hit the road, the film takes off and doesn't come down until the credits roll.
Even once Bilbo and company take to the hobbit highway, the pacing is leisurely verging on lethargic ...
The movie lacks majesty. Grand in parts, the movie is too often grandiose or grandiloquent; and the running time is indefensible.
The Lord of the Rings trilogy behind him, Peter Jackson has begun yet another, this time adapting the Tolkien epic, The Hobbit.
Thank goodness for Martin Freeman, who makes Bilbo a feeling person & a hobbit. Otherwise, the film is so awed by its technical ingenuity that character and story fade away.
The first chapter of Jackson's new trilogy is decent, if not enirely satisfying, bound to suffer from inevitable comparisons with the superior, Oscar-winning Lord of the Rings.
Not as immediately captivating as the LOTR trilogy, but it's still a return trip to Middle Earth that's well worth taking. Martin Freeman makes a perfect Bilbo, and Ian McKellen is superb (as always).
Peter Jackson's return to swords, sorcery and beards deserving of their own postcodes is fantasy how it ought to be.
This film is pure excess that's almost definitely motivated by studio greed, but it's light entertainment that will please fans, and Andy Serkis damn-near runs away with the film during his exemplary third-act appearance as Gollum.
Tolkien's brisk story of intrepid little hobbit Bilbo Baggins is drawn out and diluted by dispensable trimmings better left for DVD extras.
Wild slides into caves, pell-mell chases, absurd cliffhangers and other such "thrill-rides" in 3D give the film a playfulness.
Fulfilling just a fraction of J.R.R. Tolkien's "There and Back Again" subtitle, The Hobbit alternately rewards and abuses auds' appetite for all things Middle-earth.
Where Jackson might occasionally misstep tonally, he takes the reigns from the episodic original and runs with generally fantastic results through several narrative additions, all of which give the characters more agency in their own affairs.
While Jackson hasn't delivered a hit on par with his "Lord of the Rings" movies, "The Hobbit" proves he can still do justice to the tricky blend of fantasy and action that made the earlier entries such enjoyable works of popular entertainment.
There are elements in this new film that are as spectacular as much of the Rings trilogy was, but there is much that is flat-footed and tedious as well, especially in the early going.
Setting aside technological considerations, The Hobbit is nothing short of a joyous homecoming.
An Unexpected Journey may as well be The Phantom Menace and God help us all if the next two movies aren't better than this one.
It's not as bad as you feared, but not as good as you hoped.
Peter Jackson's fourth trip to Middle-earth can't quite recapture the greatness, emotional impact or charm of the LOTR films, but there's still much to enjoy about The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey.
For now, 'The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey' is a good start, but with the expectations resting on the film, is good going to be good enough?
A fresh, free-spirited form of fantasy, Jackson's latest provides a younger generation with a stepping stone to his later films while serving the adult's who want more.
Boasting an appreciably dark tone and a seemingly endless array of visual astonishments, this "Hobbit" suffers from a bit of déjà vu.
Unless your dreams are populated by denizens of Middle Earth, endless footage of them simply talking or walking is a lot less spectacular than Peter Jackson thinks it is.
A briskly engaging adventure shrouded in superfluous detail, though also, yes, admittedly, technical virtuosity, it's an accomplished if unexciting first chapter in the preamble to his Oscar-winning film series.
For its occasional moments of excess and unhurried pace, An Unexpected Journey is proof that Jackson still has a knack for stories in this world.
The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey is more fun than The Fellowship of the Ring, no doubt about it.
Tolkien could invent names and languages, but he couldn't create a plot at gunpoint.
This film stands ably on its own, offering up generous piles of large scale fantasy underscored by genuine emotional heft and boundary-pushing visuals.
The movie itself is a lot of fun. And if you can separate yourself from the visual distraction, you'll find plenty to enjoy.
Vital as they are, Gollum and Bilbo can only do so much to keep us enchanted. Is Jackson able to sustain the magic in two more installments? I peer into Tolkien's Misty Mountains and embrace the journey.

@highlight

Peter Jackson's return to Middle-earth is an earnest, visually resplendent trip, but the film's deliberate pace robs the material of some of its majesty.