Ultimately, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri is a revenge film of a new kind, a hard twist at the subgenre otherwise led by men whose violence spearheads their campaign.
This is a film with seemingly no real concept of what its strongest assets are, preferring buffoonery and irony over intelligence and nuance.
Actions don't have consequences, but that seems unimportant in this slice-of-real town USA drama.
... (not) an example of what should be done but rather what not to do... and how important empathizing with the pain of others can be when it's all that's left.
Three Billboards is as flawed as its central characters. Luckily, it's also just as funny and interesting.
In the end, those three signs outside town are... also, writ large, the tensions - of race, of class, of gender, of religion, and between forgiveness and revenge - that beset and in many ways define contemporary America.
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri is dark comedy at its finest.
Figuring out when to laugh or cry, and why, is what this unforgettable black comedy is all about. You'll do both.
[McDormand's] sorrow, festered into rage, is the emotional epicentre of the film that strives to quake all the American fault lines, moral, racial and political, and she gives a gut-punching performance in a classic feminist register.
It could have been great if it had dared to take itself seriously.
My takeaway from this thesis on anger is that it's okay to be a c-nt but not a dick.
Just as the characters repeatedly reveal new sides to themselves, Martin McDonagh gradually releases new layers of his narrative and skillfully undermines previously constructed expectations. [Full review in Spanish]
Martin McDonagh's best movie to date...
Three Billboards ... is an uncomfortable meditation on the chaos - social, intimate, moral - that causes impunity. Maybe the next McDonagh movie could take place Mexico. [Full review in Spanish]
McDonagh not only destroys the purpose of his own story, he also betrays his main character in an absolutely irresponsible way. [Full Review in Spanish]
The cinematography gives a stark feel to the film and the editing too is taut and crisp, making sure the drama doesn't drag anytime. Leaving everything aside, watch the film for the acting alone and you won't come away disappointed.
Words leave burn marks in Martin McDonagh's savagely potty-mouthed and unexpectedly moving Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri. The pitch-black comedy is bursting with profane eloquence.
It takes a very realistic approach to the depiction of the characters within the small town and their motivations.
Three Billboards not only aspires towards greatness, but confronts it, screams at it, and when it has everyone's attention, revels in it. It's a profane and profound masterpiece that will evolve into a time capsule of sorts, when things get better.
Martin McDonagh is undisputedly one of the finest scriptwriters in contemporary cinema.
Whatever the rationale behind it, the flippancy of McDonagh's compulsive jokes frequently halts the momentum of a film that is about how flippancy is an inadequate response to the horrors of the world.
The dialogues are well managed from the coprolalia of their characters. [Full Review in Spanish]
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri is an unassuming film that surprises you with its provocative subject matter and evocative performances that are hard to forget.
Here is one of the more pointed and thoughtful discoveries of the year.
...a notable dramedy, a film that never takes the easy path, and develops its story in an emotionally honest way... [Full review in Spanish]
McDonagh's admirable shading of ostensible heroes and villains backfires as character inconsistency...Nevertheless, Three Billboards wickedly entertains and provokes...
Director Martin McDonagh injects his signature brand of dark humour into the proceedings to create an absorbing portrait of how ignoble the quest for justice can be and how moral foot-stomping can often signal that something important is being overlooked.
It is a masterful performance but, for me, not enough to make me a fan of the film.
Miss it at your peril of a better understanding as to why revenge for its own sake might turn out to be worse than the original crime.
Much of the success of this film lies in the excellent performances of the ensemble. [Full Review in Spanish]
Sam Rockwell gives his character texture and nuances; this is his best role so far. [Full Review in Spanish]
McDonagh is an exceptional non-derivative storyteller and this follow-up to the violently subversively redemptive film "In Bruges" defies brilliant.
Three Billboards may be marketed as a tragic-comic movie about maternal rage, but it's also a problematic, faux progressive mess.
The story is almost identical to those who inhabit it: furious, unable to contain their words, brutal and honest at every moment. [Full Review in Spanish]
As intelligent as it is disturbing, sustained by a brilliant cast. [Full Review in Spanish]
Is it too early to start talking about how Martin McDonagh is one of the great writer-directors of the past decade?
... wasting an interesting premise and a solid performance by McDormand... [Full review in Spanish]
The simple narrative engine of action and reaction gives rise to an unpredictable script that drives the viewer out of control, dismantling their expectations about the characters and their behavior. [Full Review in Spanish]
... [Frances McDormand's] best role since she won an Oscar for 1997's Fargo... [Full review in Spanish]
Sound too bleak? For some, perhaps. But in McDonagh's careful hands, it's a Cirque du Soleil-like tightrope walk, gracefully balancing the harrowing with the humorous.
Frances McDormand brings life to a character that expresses... through action rather than dialogue. [Full review in Spanish]
[Frances] McDormand fleshes out Mildred's emotions superbly. You really feel her pain, her loss, her rage, her guilt, and her desperation for closure.
As with all of McDonagh's work, Mildred's almost Biblical quest for justice is marked by a dark, blistering wit, and a humanity that belies all the deeply flawed characters, hidden under their irreverent humour and often violent interactions.
The fusion of blistering drama and dark comedy rises to the levels of Martin McDonaugh's first feature film, 2008's In Bruges. There's no denying the intensity brimming from both genres, which injects the picture with a strong dose of anger.
Mixed tones can, and do, work, but a mixed bag is a problem.
Sam Rockwell...[is] without doubt one of the best actors of his generation. [Full Review in Spanish]
With a roster of memorable characters, a cast on universally great form and a script that is frequently capable of wrong-footing its audience, there's really very little to complain about.
McDonagh's cast is superb, though - Harrelson provides the film's moral core while McDormand's controlled fury brings focus to the various plot contraptions.
... combines so many genres that it never ceases to amaze in any moment... [Full review in Spanish]
The result suggests a greeting card spattered with gore. Beneath the little flecks of brain and bone, the Hallmark logo is unmistakable.
The film, however, belongs to McDormand as the wrathful mother, capable of conveying more menace with her steely gaze and set jawline than a dozen thugs waving weapons.
While the film certainly has its fair spray of black comedy, not all of it that amusing, it turns out, to its benefit, to be far more morally layered, unpredictable and thoughtful than its marketing campaign suggests.
The performances are extraordinary. [Full Review in Spanish]
A story of desperation and revenge as darkly funny as it is tragically bleak, Three Billboards expertly undermines expectations, pushing characters far beyond their traditional archetypes.
McDonagh has written a clever, gripping story brilliantly performed by McDormand whose expressive eyes show every thought and capture the depths of her pain.
While McDonagh's dialogue is ripe and chewy, McDormand has the power to speak volumes in silence.
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri may be McDonagh's most satisfying film to date, but the London-born playwright's bard-of-the-Ozarks ventriloquism isn't exact and his construction hasn't shed all traces of the stage.
After a while, the jokes get desperate, but for a long time McDonagh's robust and emotional drama works, and McDormand is superb as the embattled but resourceful Mildred.
McDonagh's film is extremely well executed but it's also long, tangled and any higher purpose is difficult to discern. Sometimes, however, just saying the right things at the right time is enough.
Martin McDonagh has crafted a magnificently rich story filled with complexities and twisting turns - it's an experiential kaleidoscope.
Three Billboards doesn't exactly fall apart, but too many implausible turns and uncomfortable gags impede the hitherto smooth machinery.
... a stoic thriller... [Full review in Spanish]
Three Billboards may be Martin McDonagh's most impressive work behind the camera to date.
Three Billboards is great.
Martin McDonagh's pulsatingly enjoyable film is a thriller, a dissection of small-town America, and a forensic study of what makes ordinary people tick, all in one.
Watching it is like having your funny bone struck repeatedly, expertly and very much too hard by a karate super-black-belt capable of bringing a rhino to its knees with a single punch behind the ear.
It's worthy of every accolade you've read with Frances McDormand's performance of vengeful grief lingering with you for a long time.
... what most separates McDonagh from the Coens is the way in which he constructs a rescue of his characters, at first sight imperceptible, from their violent shifts. [Full review in Spanish]
Sometimes you have the feeling you're watching a solid Netflix TV drama, an impression underscored by the film's ramblingly episodic structure.
The narrative never goes where you think it will go. Instead, it takes your narrative expectations and shreds them before your eyes.
Such is the power of McDonagh's screenplay, that you'll feel as though you've been taken on a journey that's as profound and moving as it is -- at times -- shocking and thought-provoking.
The performances, from start to finish, shimmer with conviction.
As usual, McDonagh is alert to how conflicts are codified into games by opponents who share affinities.
Shocking, provocative and laugh-out-loud funny.
Strong, excitingly unpredictable stuff, this is a fabulously unforgettable genre cocktail from Martin (In Bruges) McDonagh.
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri will make you feel deeply, laugh loudly and think hard, often in the space of one scene. It is a triumph and sees writer and director Martin McDonagh at his absolute best.
Francis McDormand is undeniable as Mildred in "Three Billboards." Her performance as Mildred is the glue that prevents this muddy, Middle American morality tale from navigating McDonagh plot dalliances
... the first must-see of 2018.
Funny, brutal and breathtakingly beautiful. Two exceptionally raw lead performances, supercharged by a bold script from Martin McDonagh, could make Three Billboards this year's Awards-upsetter.
McDormand is an unstoppable force in a fiercely intelligent, profanely poetic movie that shifts tonal gears at breakneck speed.
Give all the awards to McDormand, and then invent a bunch of new ones for her too.
... a modern western starring a woman. [Full review in Spanish]
In true western style it's the small gestures, more than the witty speeches, that really leave a lasting impression
You won't know whether to laugh openly or curl up with horror.
The final stretch relies on too many coincidences, and Sam Rockwell's character remains problematic throughout -- even so, the first two-thirds are pitch-perfect.
Three Billboards feels like a squandered opportunity rather than simply a bad film. Neither Mildred as a character, nor the sensitively treated aspects of the rape narrative, are enough to excuse the rest.
I was propelled from scene to scene during Three Billboards, even as I found each of them to be annoyingly imperfect: blueprints for better versions of themselves, if given another draft or pass, some more time and care.
Funny, sad, wildly unpredictable and shrewdly insightful, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri is a movie that defiantly marches to the beat of its own drum.
... it doesn't take itself too seriously, and for the most part it's just a jolly entertaining romp of a revenge flick.
If Mildred is not a memorable character, the movie isn't being watched correctly.
Martin McDonagh's film style, combining ultra-violence and comedy, isn't a gimmick but pertinent in achieving his thematic goal of addressing complicity.
The local diner, pick-up trucks everywhere, beautiful sunsets on a lonely countryside and you sense that if something wasn't done to stir things up, the town and its secrets would slide into nothingness. If only the billboards could speak.
There is, as you can see, a great deal going on in the film. At the start it feels like the basis for a straightforward thriller. But it's much, much more than that.
It's hands-down the film to beat this year for quality and classic status.
McDonagh has a way with a line that is without compare, and he has put together a cast who knows how to sock it home. Harrelson is excellent with a character who also takes unexpected turns that we aren't prepared for.
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri is like watching a Flannery O'Connor novel. It is about the South, its prejudices, and the quirky people who make up the community, told through episodes of violence, sin, dark humor, and transcendent grace.
It's a portrayal of great power yet moving stillness, and heartfelt humour combined with a ferocious will, as Mildred will not give up and will not stop.
a curious and enjoyable dark comedy, black as night, with legit Oscar aspirations
Rich in detail yet simple in concept, Three Billboards confirms McDonagh as the most interesting maker of dark films outside, say, Scandinavia?
The mood is raw and uncompromising. At times it's savage
McDormand is a swaggering lead who leaves everyone else bloodied and burned (I'm referring to the singeing capacity of her performance, but I also mean it literally too).
...a rattling good yarn with a complex plot and (rarity of rarities in mainstream cinema) a great ending.
... the film rightly belongs to McDormand, who is simply grand; this is perhaps her best role since Fargo...
With these richly drawn out characters, the main cast deliver some of their strongest screen performances to date.
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri, which flickers with a raw, elemental power despite occasional conveniences, heavy-handedness, and a too-savage tone.
Considering the sordid themes running throughout Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri, McDonagh's tone is astonishingly warm. He knows how to poke fun at characters' quirks without demeaning them.
Sam Rockwell plays a violent and racist cop who finds redemption not through owning up to his crimes, but because he's determined to solve the mystery...it's an attempt at emotional manipulation that runs cold and a journey that's played for comedy.
A sufficient collection of eccentrics, but it's not much of a story.
Mildred may be a literal and figurative flame-thrower, but out of senseless violence and righteous revenge emerges an empathy that hints at redemption.
Three Billboards lands somewhere near Coen brothers country, eloquently finding comedy in horror and vice versa.
An instant classic.
"Cathartic or livable" might as well be the Midwestern ethos; it's the land of displacement, or being between two poles, and Three Billboards is a rare movie to so perfectly capture how there's still beauty (and hope) in it.
A good chunk of Three Billboards is about redemption and how people are stubbornly complex, able to be many things at once. A man can be good and noble and still be prideful in ways that deprive children of a father.
Possibly Francis McDormand's best performance leads the way for a spectacular cast and crew to tell a stirring story of grief and redemption.
Three Billboards assumes the aspect of world-weary malcontent but is really just a patronizing scold.
Three Billboards holds you as so few movies do these days. And it does so with the basics: character, dialogue and emotion.
[Frances] McDormand commands the material, instead, by playing Mildred small and close; her volatility-and her pain-are right there in her acute gaze and pursed mouth, but she rarely even has to raise her voice.
Compelling, and richly drawn drama about characters smashing in to one another in a world that doesn't make sense...
It's worth noting that McDormand's performance in the role is one of the best this year; she's raw, grounded, and wickedly funny.
Martin McDonagh's latest and best film to date journeys through familiar territory with no shortcuts or quick exits. [Full review in Spanish]
[Frances] McDormand's performance is breathtaking as she dances between an acidic toughness and a numbing vulnerability that makes Mildred Hayes one of the most fully realized characters of the decade.
A tonal disaster.
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri is Martin McDonagh's most scorching work to date; it's immensely entertaining, engaging, savagely brutal, stingingly written with social relevancy, and layered gracefully with musings on anger
But while that is a rage that's exhilarating to witness, it's a rage that's not available to everyone. Just as not everyone in Ebbing can claim the protection of being considering "good," we still don't live in a world where everyone gets to be angry.
McDonagh is gifted enough to make you feel like you're watching something important and penetrating, rather than just bilious
McDonagh's "In Bruges" is one of the great cinematic works of the new century. "Three Billboards" doesn't come close, even though it traffics in similar crackling dialogue and tremendous performances.
Grim, often hilarious, and consistently thought-provoking... McDormand and Rockwell have never been better.
The movie is one of the angriest films in recent memory. Yet it has moments of unlikely (yet hilarious) comedy and sincere tenderness, along with acts of nearly unwatchable violence
Despite my reservations, Three Billboards Outside of Ebbing, Missouri is certainly memorably clever and boldly conceived. And any film that allows McDormand to strut her to stuff to this degree can't be all bad.
While it won't be for all viewers, those who don't mind the decidedly R-rated material will be treated to a pretty terrific film. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, Sexual Content, etc. - also Available)
One of the best films of the year with its sturdy depiction of the grace that accompanies turning an enemy into a friend.
When it works, it shimmers, but when it doesn't, it yanks you out of the scene completely.
I sing the rage of Frances McDormand... When she is good, she is very, very good, but when she is mad she is better.
McDonagh's characters achieve complexity and depth that most writers don't even know how to imagine, let alone create, and he does it with brilliant thrift.
Like the movie itself, Ebbing is amazingly forgiving of increasingly outlandish outbursts and twists. But then, we loved Mayberry not for its realism but for its dream-like state of off-kilter grace. Here, that grace has an edge. And it cuts.
Look for Frances McDormand to land another Oscar nomination for a superb performance where she convincingly conveys the profound distress of a grief-stricken mother desperate for answers.
Harrelson is at his most benign as the police chief, even if McDonagh is at his roughest when he tries to write tender.
McDormand turns her role into a masterclass on cold, slow-burning anger...
From the lowest-common-denominator, hate-speech shock value of the dialogue to the third-act insertion of a rapist ex machina, Three Billboards ... is genuinely loathsome.
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri tells the story of a woman emulating God's vengeance when she might profit more by emulating his forgiveness, especially toward herself.
This is bravura filmmaking, steeped in rich storytelling and tense moments that I will never forget.
To me, this is a messy, overplotted, disappointing movie, mostly rescued by a cast of very talented actors.
You won't come out unscathed from this rewarding ride, thanks to an outstanding script and some sensational performances. [Full review in Spanish]
McDonagh dives into this pressure cooker of a film and kicks the lid open, letting all the suppressed feelings explode onto the screen. [Full review in Spanish]
... in the hands of writer/director Martin McDonagh, what emerges is a seriously dark and thoughtful comedy.
The small town of Ebbing has been ebbing - losing jobs, hope, citizens and a semblance of small town safety. Yet, beneath the scabs of resentment and violent loss, McDonagh and co. reveal the fresh pink skin of survival and healing: A billboard of hope...
There's a great beauty in Mildred's determination and her ferocious bravery, and in the purity of McDormand's choice of art and truth over glamour and vanity.
Rarely does a film defy both expectation and convention to such powerful, borderline-poetic effect.
It sends its audience sprawling. It swerves past our preconceptions.
McDormand rips into this rich material, a broken woman fighting for all she believes is right, even when it's not. It's one of the year's best performances, in one of the year's best movies.
McDormand stands out in a sea of stellar performances-more than anything else, Three Billboards is a reminder that she should be starring in movies at least as regularly as Meryl Streep.
A study in the crushing effect of tragedy and the importance of empathy, it might be the year's best film.
Frances McDormand is superb, giving an Oscar type of uncompromising performance in a film that is Fargo good.
The film presents justice as a moving target and dares us to actively pursue it en route to a greater good.
A film whose biggest flaw is that it's occasionally too clever? That's yet another surprise in a movie that's overflowing with them.
...another strong effort from the Irish McDonagh, who simply gets it when it comes to grand filmmaking.
The perfect actress to express Mildred's distress is Frances McDormand.
This strikes me as an especially Irish kind of cosmology-one that arose naturally in a country divided by religion and empire for hundreds of years.
A 115-minute cinematic scream of rage. The picture is as weirdly cathartic as it is entertaining.
A foreign director's Lynch-esque/Coen-wannabe POV on a small-town American tragedy, leavened by levity. Vivid and hilarious, it'll encourage you not to take life for granted.
McDonagh works way too hard to inject nearly every scene with his patented solution of acid wit and dark-roast comedy... It's jarringly effective until it starts to feel like shtick, at which point it works only as a numbing agent.
Frances McDormand delivers a formidable, ferociously uncompromising performance in Martin McDonaugh's edgy, unpredictable, morbidly funny film.
In a world where nothing makes sense, the raw nerves of Three Billboards are truly cathartic.
Three Billboards wobbles during its tightrope walk between comedy and drama, but is kept on-course by careful direction and two fiery performances.
Despite McDonagh's cinematic hyperbole, it's the strength of the performances from McDormand, Harrelson and Rockwell that keeps "Three Billboards" sturdily anchored in a compellingly rendered reality.
Three Billboards is yet another shining example of McDonagh's distinguished talent as a filmmaker.
For every genuine emotion that McDonagh evokes, he can't resist undercutting it by showing off.
It always threatens to spin out of control, but McDonagh secures a buzzing atmosphere of threat to the effort, allowing "Three Billboards" to blossom in unexpected ways
McDormand is in fine form as the foul-mouthed Mildred, ready to chew up anyone in her way. In a blink, Rockwell goes from over-the-top to subtle to hateful to sympathetic. Harrelson is also marvelous, hiding any personal pain and fears behind a smirk.
They might not all be the most pleasant people to spend time with in real life, but on screen, it would be hard to do better.
Mildred is easily the most robust character McDormand has been given since "Fargo," and she delivers both the maternal ferocity and the undimmed grief that the role and this intensely satisfying movie require.
McDonagh takes things in directions that defy expectation and gives a refreshing amount of credit to his audience to join in on the ride.
The violence and coarseness of Three Billboards have a purpose. McDonagh is searching for the humanity, the nobility, within his characters, and thankfully, though the journey is brutal, eventually we find it along with him.
The quality of small films currently playing in town is rather extraordinary at this moment. Rejoice that Three Billboards is one of them.
McDonagh's livewire screenplay and true direction make the pic a must-see; two Oscar-worthy performances from Frances McDormand and Sam Rockwell rocket it into the heavens.
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri, is a good movie for anyone into dark humor. But for those of us who grew up in the Appalachians and live far from home, this is one film you must see.
Takes the viewer on a dizzying ride through dark comedy, wrenching tragedy, shocking moments, karmic twists, and redemption.
There are moments of nasty violence that make us turn our heads away, and there's a scene where a character reads a letter that is some of the most beautiful writing you'll hear in a movie this year.
[Martin McDonagh] brings that same keen eye and razor-fine writing to his American cousins in Ebbing, Missouri. He treats them with a similar cruel but deep affection.
"Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri" is entertaining in a way that's practically unheard of these days.
That rarest of cinematic treats, an entertaining and stimulating movie, with a superb script, rich characters and a cracking cast.
In fact, we think we know Mildred as a classic American movie type - a deeply wronged person on a relentless quest for justice. Because she is righteous, and because she is Frances McDormand, we are reflexively with her in this.
Frances Mcdormand delivers a brave, unapologetic performance that commands the screen.
A barn burner, a bracing shot of whiskey downed while spoiling for a fight, a cathartic wail against the zeitgeist of rape culture and state brutality. It's a rallying cry, a right hook to the jaw, and wow, does it ever hurt so good.
"Three Billboards Outside of Ebbing, Missouri," a tragicomic juggling act packed with vivid characters doing bad things at considerable moral cost, plays like a scalpel-sharp game of Catch the Sociopath.
A meticulously shot and sharply written character study, it plays like a blend of the Coen brothers and Quentin Tarantino.
Frances McDormand is undoubtedly a daredevil and unique actress... that could cause a mini storm in the awards season. [Full review in Spanish]
It's the damnedest thing, a bitterly cynical picture filled with hope.
Even for fans of McDonagh-and I am certainly one-Three Billboards is a revelation, and among the very best films of 2017.
Frances McDormand stands tall as angry, grieving mother. Rockwell and Harrelson very strong in support.
This is a darkly funny, deeply moving and always audacious high wire act of a film that, much like its unforgettable heroine, obeys none of the rules or niceties and is all the more memorable and exciting because of it.
Three Billboards takes its cues from McDormand, who infuses Mildred with uncompromising strength, the kind that allows a formidable woman to go toe-to-toe with any man and strike fear into his trembling heart.
Written and directed by Martin McDonagh, and superbly acted by Frances McDormand and a handful of costars, the film is a splendidly mixed tonal cocktail and holiday-season highlight.
One of the most invigorating black comedies Hollywood's come up with in years.
The first half of Three Billboards is one of the best films of 2017, a perfect mix of heartbreak and humor with a mean streak. ... Unfortunately there's a second half.
"Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri" is a powder keg of rage and raw emotion that deftly dances on the line between dark comedy and wrenching drama.
This film is playing a delicate game, offering observations about human nature while it undercuts our expectations about how we watch movies.
The dialogue is stilted, none of the situations seem believable, and most of the jokes are stale.
The film expertly gives the main characters their moments without detracting from the main story, and does so with dialogue that's Hell or High Water-style offbeat and witty.
Three Billboards outside Ebbing, Missouri is an empathetic view of humanity at its best, its worst, and, as is most often the case in this world, everything in between.
McDonagh's genius is evident in the way he tugs and pushes the boundaries of good behaviour, often providing just enough motivation to mess with our sense of what's justified, and when.
McDonagh knows how to get good characters into a story but not always how to get them out of it. This time he's considerably more focused, letting McDormand's ferocious mother-bear of a performance, her best since Fargo, drive the narrative.
This is the best movie I've seen this year.
Rockwell is fearless in exploring this hissable Id-with-a-badge, down to showing us what makes him tick like a time bomb. His performance should be sufficient reason to see Three Billboards.
There has never been a better time for a woman-centric movie, especially one about a smart, angry woman.
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri is a character study, even though the parts never stop moving -- it's wildly violent, brilliantly funny and deeply moving. And so smart.
If McDonagh's dark comedy-drama doesn't quite out-Fargo Fargo, it brilliantly illustrates the chaos a few choice words can cause in the hands of a talented filmmaker.
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri will make you laugh -- and then make you wonder whether you should be laughing. And that's why it's so good. There are no easy answers.
"Three Billboards" raises the stakes as it goes.
McDonagh's movie is a four-course meal, with writing so sharp and performances so bold and sly that it's tough to leave the theater unmoved.
[McDonagh's] third film finds him back in form with a pitch black, if not quite pitch perfect, comedy brought to life by an outstanding cast.
But McDonagh's vision and style is something of its own, and it operates on its own bloody terms.
A genuine anti-heroine, she has infinite humanity.
Three Billboards is a momentous achievement, presenting us with a remarkable female character and topical plot about the conspiracy of silence that pervades our culture.
I didn't like Three Billboards, but I respect McDonagh for taking his lewd, vulgar screwballs in directions without a compass and leaving viewers wondering where in the world the film will go next.
It constantly keeps us off balance, even as it never loses its own.
"Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri" is just the bitter pill the times call for, offered with a loving cup to make it go down just a bit easier.
Like the best movies often do, "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri" leaves audiences with a complex set of emotions, and with a hard-to-define hint of the profound.
In a career full of fascinating performances, this may be McDormand's most-fascinating yet.
A darkly comic Jeremiad whose time has come
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri is quite a show and the best evidence yet that someone, somewhere, should erect a statue of Frances McDormand
The flick is riddled with first-rate actors mouthing provocative dialogue in a unique story.
Cunning and surprisingly moving...may be burdened with an unwieldy title, but it advertises one of the year's most compelling films.
McDormand, carrying the movie on blue-denimed shoulders, is a wonder.
That's the problem that Three Billboards warns us about. As our horror fades into complacency when faced with an overwhelming problem, who will be there to remind us? Who will put up our billboards?
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri is the dark comedy that Suburbicon wanted to be.
...illuminates the multifarious despicable ways that humans treat each other...
Three Billboards may be a film chiefly concerned with rage, and pain, but it's also one of the best dark comedies of recent vintage, and one of the better dramas as well.
This exhilarating mix of biting dark comedy and taut crime drama showcases some terrific performances and a sharp-tongued script packed with incisive sociopolitical subtext.
There's some memorable one-liners, well drawn characters, and an ending that'll have folks debating what truly happened after the screen has gone dark.
The film offers one of the most indelible performances of the year: Sandy Martin, playing the frog-throated and chain-smoking Mama Dixon as a beer-swillin' coach potato Machiavelli.
The filmmaker and his cast masterfully capture... the unspoken thoughts and feelings that complicate our understanding of why they carry themselves the way that they do.
McDonagh uses advertising as a metaphor for aggravated communication, as apparent in our media and social relations, but, regrettably, it's also a foreigner's careless simplification of America's current unease.
Scene by scene, the movie is compelling, but the scenes don't fit together especially well.
So sharply written that it cuts, the third movie from award-winning playwright Martin McDonagh is a dramedy that starts with cleverness and wit, then opens up into something truthfully human.
A challenging portrait of grace in a funny, dark package.
Francis McDormand anchors an excellent drama about flawed folks dealing in futile ways good and bad with understandable anger.
McDonagh has created a comic tragedy that ducks and feints, defying expectations with many admirable and some less convincing results.
You never know what to expect from Martin McDonough, and that's one reason this film is so striking. He offers a consistently off-kilter view of human behavior, brought to life by a first-rate ensemble cast
The movie is, by turns-and sometimes simultaneously-darkly comic, blazingly profane, flat-out hilarious and shockingly violent, not to mention flippant, tender, poetic and profound.
In some ways, watching this film is like reading those alt-right fashion profiles of Richard Spencer that insisted we overlook his campaign of quiet terror and find common ground with him. Nope.
With his rubbery frame, deep-set eyes, and sun-baked California drawl, the actor's wiry energy dominates any scene he's in. Wherever [Sam] Rockwell's placed, he's perfect.
... "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri" really sings because of Frances McDormand, who is so utterly majestic, hilarious, heartfelt, dominant, and effective that not even those superlatives really do her justice.
It's the first of McDonagh's movies to match the maturity of his plays, and the first time he's pushed past writing about hitmen and screenwriters to make something that feels like it could be about your neighbors.
But [Frances] McDormand, at age 60 one of our most gifted and least calculating actresses, fearlessly challenges us to love her character anyway.
A savage film, even a dangerous one, the blackest take-no-prisoners farce in quite some time.
For all that, there is a great deal of comedy here, and a lot of great acting...
This is all razor-blade candy for writer-director Martin McDonagh, who walked the line between dark farce and pathos so brilliantly in 2008's great In Bruges.
A movie that starts strong and just builds, always pushing forward yet still finding time for interesting detours.
McDormand commands the screen and plays her audience like a fiddle, stroking our outrage, tugging at our heartstrings, and coaxing screams of reckless laughter.
Everything fits together too neatly in "Three Billboards," even when chaos descends, but the performers add enough rough texture so that it doesn't always feel so worked.
Perhaps it's a result of all the other roles we've seen this uniquely fearless actress play, on stage and screen, wrapped into one. But you look at her face and you think: This person has a moral compass. Her side is the right one. We will be safe there.
The problem with most redemption narratives, besides the fact their emotional range seems calculated to win awards, is that they bask in the seeming paradoxes of their premise.
The film gradually gets bored with its own grandstanding and winds up saying not much of anything.
This is a very funny movie, but its final moments give off a chilly unease.
Three Billboards says a lot about how we treat women who demand answers.
There's a pounding heartbeat throughout the film; every character has superbly-defined desires and pains.
In the end, it's all about McDormand, who's great at playing ordinary women in extraordinary circumstances.
Frances McDormand is phenomenal in this surefire awards contender from Martin McDonagh-it's a renegade masterpiece that will get you good.
Frances McDormand is in Fargo-like high form.
As a snapshot of middle American impotency on an epic scale, it's a bizarre and intimate vision conjured here.
Martin McDonagh's tragi-comedy turns out to be the most humane of movies: a non-sentimental but intimate look at people under the greatest of stresses but also a remarkable testament to the healing, or at least coping, powers of empathy.
The narrative builds in admirably inventive and surprising ways. You'll have to see it twice just to appreciate it.
McDonagh (In Bruges) crafts an expertly structured, brutal, yet surprisingly rousing narrative around a woman who's ready to torch her entire life if it means catching a killer.
Frances McDormand delivers a witty and compelling performance as a mother out for justice in this ingenious mix of drama and dark comedy from Martin McDonagh.
I was riveted for a long time by [Frances] McDormand's stricken but determined face, by how Mildred keeps dragging herself into confrontations when every cell in her body seems weary.
Not since "Fargo" (1996) has [McDormand] found a character of such fibre. She doesn't pitch it to us, still less try to make it palatable; she seems to state Mildred, presenting her as a given fact, like someone unrolling a map.
McDormand is a powerhouse. She should be on the short list for a Best Actress nomination.
I imagine the story speaks to untold numbers of families who have suffered --- and continue to suffer --- from unsolved tragedies involving loved ones.
Three Billboards takes turns that most filmmakers wouldn't even attempt, much less sustain. But watching McDonagh pull this off is, in its own way, thrilling; it's one of those movies that makes you marvel at everything one film can be.
... while McDonagh's film doesn't lack for gallows humor and pitch-dark stuff, it's in the department of truth that it comes up short.
[Martin] McDonagh hasn't created a movie about murder. It's about about reclaiming a sense of justice when the world seems senseless and cold.
The drama is in seeing what happens when these characters interact.Since it's not a formula, it's the essence of drama to force confrontations between these characters.The important thing is you understand why every character is doing what they're doing.
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri is a funny, shocking, oddly sobering reminder that people should inform the process, not the other way around.
What's so special about Three Billboards is that it has genuine, sincere empathy for its characters, across the board
McDonagh has, once again, entrusted some of the best actors working today with delivering his words. But while everyone in the film deserves their fair share of praise, it's Sam Rockwell and Frances McDormand who shine brightest.
Three Billboards is one of those films that comes along only once every decade or so.
McDonagh encompasses equal parts of engagement, humor, and enlightenment. It's the gold standard of a terrific script paired with even better storytelling.
Sam Rockwell is in a league of his own.
Somehow McDonagh manages to weave in a little bit of hopefulness in this story when it seems like there should be none.
Three Billboards is a wonderfully tragic comedy that gifts McDormand with an incredible character.
It is Frances McDormand who seals the deal, pulling the humour, rage and heart of this compelling - if at times difficult-to-watch - drama together.
Be prepared for one of the best endings of any movie this decade
McDonagh lets the guilt flow freely and in unexpected places, not so much tearing our sympathies as folding them in on themselves until we realise that simple answers are unlikely in the presence of complex humans.
It's all about McDormand - truly a performer you can build a whole film around, and one who can whisk a scene away from even her most seasoned peers.
Three Billboards is stunningly calibrated, capable of erupting with force and then retracting to silent rumination within seconds, the shifts composed like a filmic symphony.
The ways in which the writer/director keeps repositioning these people, and letting them motivate each other's *better* nature, is a welcome oasis of warmth in what could've easily been a sneer-fest.
Frances McDormand and Martin McDonagh offer career-best work in this profoundly moving film.
The film's alchemy, which mixes brutal cynicism and tender emotion, is unlike anything I've seen before.
Martin McDonagh channels Flannery O'Connor's humor and sensibility in a film that looks at the absurd world and laughs.
A darkly comic masterpiece, with towering performances from Frances McDormand and Sam Rockwell.
Three Billboards has anger, violence, tragedy, forgiveness, and revenge of Hellenic proportions, and all because a woman asks a question of a man.
A rural, podunk masterpiece.
Where this brilliant production thrives most predominantly, is in the striking combination of comedy and drama, which has been seamlessly woven together.
Keep your eye on Sam Rockwell as Harrelson's nastiest deputy. You'll think you've seen him do this before, but trust me: he's a goddamn revelation.
The film is the finest balance yet of Martin McDonagh's bleak sense of humor and offbeat moral sincerity.
One of those truly rare films that feels both profound and grounded; inspirational without ever manipulatively trying to be so.
This rural drama is the best yet from playwright and filmmaker Martin McDonagh, and one of Frances McDormand's greatest performances.
Don't overlook McDormand in Martin McDonagh's dark, often hilarious Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri.
It's a remarkably powerful film and yet another reminder that the talent on board are some of the very best cinema has to offer.
McDormand is righteous fury personified, and her performance-the best she's delivered since Fargo, maybe-is heartbreaking, but also wildly, profanely entertaining.
Film critics wake up every morning praying their day will include a movie like this.
McDonagh's latest work is simply exceptional; a film rich with narrative fluidity, profane laughs, standout performances and complex character studies.
It's Rockwell who's the real revelation here, winning the sympathy that only the best of Calibans capture with a performance of an astonishing range of awkwardnesses. I loved it.
Another piercing performance from [Frances] McDormand.
It's refreshing to see a director capable of portraying the evils of contemporary America without falling into sociological study or political pamphlet. [Full review in Spanish]
Frances McDormand dazzles in the most sour, dark and cornered comedy that can give a year as sour, dark and desperate as this. [Full review in Spanish]
... Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri is a multi-layered piece with such swathes of great dialogue that it will no doubt reward - if not demand - multiple viewings.
Sour and funny, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri is the film that the Coen brothers must somehow just have forgotten to make, when they were at their height.
No film since Fargo has made so much use of [Frances McDormand's] potent talents.
[Three Billboards] makes for soaringly satisfying viewing, yet the satisfaction comes from blistering performances and virtuosic screenwriting.
There are times in Three Billboards when the themes and events are so dark and ugly that the humor is stopped dead in tracks and the laughs get caught in your throat.
The pinnacle of McDonagh's directorial career so far.
Though "Three Billboards Outside of Ebbing, Missouri" pursues a number of narrative strains, it's really about lost characters doing whatever they can to scheme their way out of a rut.
McDonagh's most satisfying movie, a very juicy and resonant treat.
[Three Billboards] is a startling piece of work: a perverse, comic and tragic revenge story in which all the characters defy our often very low expectations of them.
Three Billboards plays like a country ballad that's full of improvised riffs on old themes: Its verses head off in different directions, some violent and swearing, others reflective or funny.
McDormand kicks against convention and expectation, with an out-of-the-box performance that delivers what one would hope for, and so much more.
With McDormand as the Greek Chorus for the left side of hatred and Rockwell the bumbling bumper sticker for the right side of hatred, it's unfortunate that Harrelson's Sheriff is eventually reduced to a deus ex machina character.
Punchy sequences bounce off each other as McDonagh's well-written pages often struggle to slot together. When it's funny, though, Ebbing really scores, and many viewers will find the laughter carries them over its problems.
It's far from a masterpiece, yet it holds you, it adds up, and it's something to see.
A corrosively humorous drama of festering injustice, Shakespearean rage, grave reckoning and imperfect redemption, which unfolds with the epic dimensions of a classic Western showdown.
What is most impressive about McDonagh's movie is its freewheeling nature, its bottle-rocket sensibility; its awareness that people can turn 180 degrees on a dime.
Martin McDonagh has choreographed an almost impossible feat of a brutally dark comedy that, thanks to both Sam Rockwell and Frances McDormand, elicits an emotional response you simply don't see coming.

@highlight

Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri deftly balances black comedy against searing drama -- and draws unforgettable performances from its veteran cast along the way.