Cycling drama doesn't quite race to the finish.
Business-as-usual for a sports movie.
It's an underdog story with teeth.
Competently made and reasonably interesting, but The Flying Scotsman lacks the kind of exhilaration that inspirational true-life sport films generally need to carry them to cinematic gold
It is a straightforward biography but it treads so gingerly around his mental troubles that you feel something is missing.
Why pay to see someone cycling when they do it on the pavement for nothing?
It moves, but it never flies.
It's stirring stuff from start to finish which will make our friends from north of the border proud to be Scottish. Go See.
The underdog plot has been done umpteen times before, of course, but there's something Miller brings to the screen that transcends the familiarity.
A paucity of pedal power and an abundance of cliché make this Jock-on-a-bike yarn an uphill climb from false start to weak finish. Miller's brooding hero may well be Flying, but the film never gets off the ground.
Still, there's useful support from Brian Cox as a pep-talking priest, and Gavin Finney's long-take velodrome cinematography is frequently rather excellent.
The sinking Scotsman is more like it.
What cripples the film's success as a sporting movie is the fact that its director, Douglas Mackinnon, struggles to find a way of making the climactic cycle races interesting.
An engaging mix of sports movie and psychological drama that rises above the routine enough times to excuse some of its more predictable moments.
A typically engaging performance from Johnny Lee Miller takes this slightly above the usual underdog movie cliche.
Engaging, impressively directed and superbly acted drama that succeeds as both an inspirational sports flick and a darkly observed study of mental illness.
There's much to admire here, even if you're not into cycling. Douglas Mackinnon's made a fine fist of a great little underdog story.
Fails to get under the character's skin.
Never quite manages to whip its disparate story elements into an emotionally moving whole.
Manages to be both an unsatisfying human drama and a confusing sports movie at the same time. Fans of both genres will be disappointed.
...a real gem of an inspirational sports movie.
If you like sports films, this is worth the bucks.
Besides, rousing sports stories with even a smidgen of talent behind them always seem to choke me up (if only a little bit) and this one definitely does that and then some.
...the film is too specialized in subject and too ordinary in execution to attract much attention outside the cycling circuit.
A true-life inspirational tale of about a young man who defies all odds, "The Flying Scotsman" is disappointingly devoid of emotion with a script that never manages to fully convey the personal demons floating about.
Graeme Obree was a champion bicycler who, by all accounts, rarely took the easy way out. Too bad this movie version of his life doesn't follow suit.
It's a story that practically begs to be made into a film, albeit preferably one less pat than The Flying Scotsman.
... Even if The Flying Scotsman doesn't really ever depart from a pretty standard-issue inspirational sports-flick template, as it's subject Graeme Obree proved, you can still do impressive and mighty things on a fixed track.
A classic tale of the heroic little guy that goes beyond the sport of cycling, told with elegant restraint in this sensitive and beautifully rendered film.
While he tries not to lapse into the formula that has reduced sports films to white-hat/black-hat certitudes, the evenhandedness doesn't offset the film's fundamental dullness.
For all its dramatic manipulation, The Flying Scotsman succeeds, in a modest way, because it's true.
[The] cinematography provides a unique perspective on a racing cyclist's view as Obree goes round and round, monotonously, on a slanted track. But an equally compelling look from the inside of Obree's illness offers the film's most stunning moment.
Obree's psychology is fascinating and, even though the competitive scenes mostly involve him racing against himself in a spectator-free indoor track, the movie manages to give its audience a suitable adrenaline rush here and there.
The filmmaking is unremarkable, but the obsessiveness of the lead character is infectious enough to make this drama passable entertainment.
Fairly dull. Better to spend your money on that other Flying Scotsman -- Obree's autobiography.
Tells a tale both fast and moving. And when Miller as Obree takes his whirls around the track, it gets your heart pumping and your blood up.
Even for audiences who normally would not be interested in cycling, The Flying Scotsman is a good choice, because this film is about so much more. Miller has given us an appealing, if unusual, protagonist who leads us to cheer him on in life.
Slow-moving 2006 biopic about Scottish cyclist Graeme Obree.
If you ride for pleasure or for sport -- or just to get from one place to another -- Scotsman is worth seeing.
Compressing Obree's story into an hour and a half makes it seem less astonishing than it actually is -- the triumphs seem too easily won, and the problems too quickly resolved.
The movie's treatment of Mr. Obree's mental illness is so perfunctory that it might have been better not to address the subject at all.
How a movie based on a figure so fascinating and inspiring fails to achieve either of those qualities is perplexing.
This modest mix of inspiration, humor, and near tragedy manages to be suspenseful, even though we pretty much know the outcome.
Never really reveals what makes this cyclist's wheels turn.
For bike racing enthusiasts there is much meat here, but the film may ultimately fail to fully engage and inspire a more general audience.
Obree is clearly a great man, but you wouldn't know it from this uncomplicated evocation of his life and successes.
Despite some over-egged cinematic touches, this true story of ambition and obsession is so powerfully engaging that it really deserves a wide audience.
Scotsman not only lacks vision, a true sense of how to mesh Obree's sporting triumphs and personal setbacks, but it also lacks passion. What it needs, as strange and tacky as it may sound, is a bit more madness.
The film imparts a feel-good glow about the triumph of the underdog in adversity. And the training scenes against scenic backdrops should please tourist authority Visit Scotland.
Has a terminal case of the cutes crossed with the labored earnestness of a disease-of-the-week melodrama.





@highlight

The Flying Scotsman's too-brisk pacing reduces the scale of cyclist Graham Obree's accomplishments while not uncovering what makes him tick.