Even if, in form, "Traffik" is little more than a crowd-pleasing B-movie with ultra-slick production values, it is an undeniably arresting one with a deeper purpose beyond its polished surface.
Grabs you and refuses to let you go through this intense, gruelling, and powerful tale... Paula Patton is absolutely phenomenal.
'Traffik' is a serviceable thriller.
There's little doubt that Traffik gets off to a decidedly (and palpably) underwhelming start...
It's too bad how basic and misguided Traffik is, considering that Dante Spinotti's cinematography is genuinely haunting and claustrophobic at times.
If this movie demonstrates anything, it's that this capable actress [Paula Patton] deserves better than just being known as the ex-Mrs. Robin Thicke.
Melodramatic, cliched, but at least they got their glossy, their barely-clad Paula Patton shots in.
Though it may have had good intentions, this movie is ultimately ineffectual, unpleasant, and borderline offensive; it's a vicious thriller that fails in its attempts to convey serious messages.
While Patton almost single-handedly makes you want to take the film a little more seriously than is in any way warranted, it's impossible to do so on any level...
An effective weekend-from-hell thriller with a vital message, a terrific lead performance by Paula Patton and some unexpectedly dimensional storytelling from writer-director Deon Taylor.
Traffik is junc.
Watching Traffik is a bit like being stuck in rush hour congestion. You're bored; you begin to question the decisions that led you there; and you're just waiting to get through it.
Traffik is a feature that will probably gets its widest audience on VOD but would be fun to see in a theater. You can just imagine the people screaming "Kill them!" en masse.
There isn't an honest moment in all 96 minutes of Traffik.
A watchable semi-terrible exploitation picture...
Attempts to marry cheap genre thrills with an unflinching depiction of the horrors of international sex trafficking, only to cheapen the latter and cast a grimy pall over the former.
1970s exploitation lives in this lean, mean tale of vacationing city folk who accidentally run afoul of rural human traffickers.
It is possible to make a thoughtful movie about human sex trafficking, and in spite of Traffik having the best of intentions, it doesn't fully accomplish that goal.
Taylor mostly just invents ways for Patton to parade around in skimpy clothes, confusing the tone of the movie, which uses exploitation to eventually condemn exploitation.
Deon Taylor seems uncomfortable with the escalating relentlessness of a siege film, eventually splitting Traffik off into a variety of other tangents and genres, diluting the potent subtext at the film's center.
Every scene takes about twice as long as it feels like it should, and the characters far too often make an escalating series of implausible and/or stupid decisions.
Traffik is a thriller that takes its sweet time getting to the thrills...
...there's a nifty, nasty little grindhouse pic at the heart of Traffik (it could use a new title that's more on point, like, say, Racists Ruined My Proposal!)

@highlight

Traffik highlights Paula Patton's impressive dramatic chops -- and smothers them in a thoroughly underwhelming exploitation thriller.