The tension is non-stop and the dialogue, fiendishly good.
The Wolf Creek series hits the wall with this hopelessly ineffective and mostly tedious entry...
Starts out strong and unpredictable -- and then slowly (very slowly) runs out of steam.
Wolf Creek 2 both deconstructs and perpetuates the myth of boorishly ugly hospitality Down Under, creating a monster who is a distorted yet recognisable part of the Australian character (especially in the current political climate).
A brutal and admirably grueling serial-killer thriller, this Australian import is also repetitive and ultimately a little dull.
Its grindhouse appeal will be enough for some audiences, but I sometimes require more of a statement to be made other than "It hurts when outback psychopaths stab you a bunch."
Jarratt's outward Outback schtick is designed to entrap, but even without the soft sell approach, the genius of Mclean's creation is that he's part and parcel of the brutal landscape.
While the politics and film as a whole are not entirely successful, there is much to admire in Wolf Creek 2, not the least if which is director Greg McLean's chutzpah.
If you can stomach it, another great, lupine performance as Outback psycho-killer by Aussie actor John Jarratt.
John Jarratt is as magnificent as ever as the disgustingly gruesome Mick Taylor, but Wolf Creek 2 is mostly very predictable and a disappointing sequel to what was otherwise an incredibly daring original film.
"Wolf Creek 2" isn't much different than "Wolf Creek," but it is markedly worse.
Sooner or later, you have to serve up something more compelling than an abattoir. For Wolf Creek 2, that's the only purpose of the exercise.
"Wolf Creek 2" is gory, disturbing, inventive, twisted and rather well made.
A fast-moving, lean killing machine that will delight genre fans.
As well made as it is, it would be great to see what McLean could do if he were free from genre conventions and could put his many talents to use in a movie not built around beheadings and dismemberments.
Mick has been reimagined as a chortling, xenophobic butcher who enjoys a singalong of "Tie Me Kangaroo Down, Sport" and dismembers his victims with the help of Patsy Cline's "I Fall to Pieces."
a tonally confusing, half-baked idea of a slasher film that is just as forgettable as its slasher
Ultimately the sequel's raisons d'être seem to be emulating superior movies, from "Deliverance" to "Joy Ride" to "Saw."
Offers little in the way of new thrills.
While Creek has some notable frights reminiscent of the 2005 original, this version tries too hard to create a franchise-able serial killer from Down Under, a Mad Max with a machete.
This Creek has run dry.
Wolf Creek 2 merely offers more of the same casual brutality. The only shocking (and depressing) part is how inured to it moviegoers have become.
There are cheap shocks in the film, but there are also terrifying moments that poetically command our empathy.
A tired, unwanted sequel that should have been left Down Under.
A did-anyone-ask-for-this? sequel that manages to improve on its predecessor, but I'm not entirely sure that could be classified as a positive reaction.
Wolf Creek ramped up to that relentless third act; Wolf Creek 2 begins at that third act and remains as relentless as ever.
Wolf Creek 2 does all it can to paper over the fact that it shouldn't exist, but the film severely diminishes the integrity of the first Wolf Creek by turning Mick into a cartoon icon, more Outback legend than man.
With apologies to Nicole Kidman and Crocodile Dundee, Australia's new No. 1 export is Mick Taylor, the ruddy-faced psycho with the muttonchops and maniacal snort-laugh.
A 106-minute game of cat and mouse where no one is safe, Greg McLean's second installment is fearless in the depths it plunders, very, very nearly matching the original in terms of its disturbing vitality and ultimate prolonged urgency.
This film turns its satire on the loveable serial killing rogue archetype, something that it seems some genre fans find harder to swallow.
I didn't think it was possible, but Greg McLean has managed to create a sequel to "Wolf Creek" that's even more despicable than the first.
Wolf Creek 2 is the ferocious kick in the ass that the slasher genre needs right now - bloody, brutal, and lead by a slasher icon in Mick Taylor that rivals the most memorable horror villains produced in the last decade.
'Wolf Creek 2' is an insanely fun, yet dirty, grimy and vicious slasher massacre.
It's entertaining enough if all you require is a dash of gore and a few one liners, but this wolf has lost its bite.
WOLF CREEK 2 is just the crazy ride one hopes for in this ever affective horror genre but it's the pervasive satire that you absorb in this vulnerable state that leaves an indelible mark.
Wolf Creek 2 is never anything less than entertaining, but those looking for the gnawing tension of the original might be disappointed by lack of any real character development and a pantomime-inspired Mick Taylor.
This critic's eyebrows were raised more for the inclusion of Rolf Harris' Tie Me Kangaroo Down Sport than for any would-be chills, which bizarrely fail to materialise.
A killer film and very satisfying, Wolf Creek 2 is also, hopefully, a sign of a healthy film industry, one buoyant enough to produce crowd-pleasing sequels from crowd-pleasing originals. No shame in that.
Trades the raw, taboo-shattering violence of its predecessor for a cheaper, more predictable yet somehow nastier kind of carnage.
Mclean remains true to genre expectations with Wolf Creek 2, though he departs from the norm by actually turning out a strong, bone-grinding follow up that doesn't smear the legend of the first film.
Mclean injects the grimmest of grim humour into the mix (including a bizarre reference to the Rolf Harris classic Tie Me Kangaroo Down, Sport), and I imagine Quentin Tarantino is one of the movie's biggest fans. But the end result is manipulative and ugly.
With very little plot to worry about, audiences can revel in the guaranteed mayhem, the slurping stabbings and the boneheaded goofiness of our invincible, redneck sociopath ...
This is the most notable home-grown fiction feature to hit cinemas since P.J. Hogan's Mental.
The film works as sheer spectacle, trying for something of a Hitcher vibe, and while the car stuff isn't exactly up there with the Mad Max films, at least for a while it doesn't matter that Paul is a cypher.
Mclean has made a lean and mean genre film that cranks the dial to eleven.
Like its vile central character, outback psychopath Mick Taylor, Greg McLean's sequel exists only to indulge in its own pointless sadism.
After this cruddy display, all the bonus points Jarratt has racked up from Quentin Tarantino's misplaced man-crush on him are gone.
If it weren't for some misjudged - and extended - sequences that simply don't work, Wolf Creek 2 would have been a stronger propellant for No 3
An ugly shock-filled, torture porn fest filled with depravity
Wolf Creek lived [to be reviled]. I'm pleased to report Wolf Creek 2 is even more loathsome; detestable and disgusting in all the right ways.

@highlight

After a strong start, Wolf Creek 2 devolves into an unnecessary -- and disappointingly predictable -- sequel.