The filmmaking on 12 O'Clock Boys is masterfully even-handed and fastidiously detailed.
This defiance of the law, combined with the skill, speed and excitement, is part of the romance that draws Pug and other kids into the biker life. It is like the wild west.
The result is evocative and compelling, even if it doesn't offer much context or socioeconomic insight into its broader subject.
There's no balance of perspective, but what the feature lacks in fullness it makes up for in pure energy, extracting a sense of life in motion as its influence by a false sense of security.
A short, pungent, ambiguous portrait of the poorer sections of Baltimore and the young men who get their kicks riding dirt bikes through the streets en masse, popping wheelies and dodging the police.
For a first-time filmmaker, Nathan achieves a remarkable balance, presenting each side with very little bias.
Documentary filmmaker Lotfy Nathan explores the outlaw appeal of an inner-city Baltimore dirt-bike gang through the eyes of a 13-year-old wannabe member named Pug.
One of the more unique looks at the Other America to come down the line in recent years
It's the rare film that gets deep into low income inner city life and zeroes in on what motivates those whom society tends to forget.
An arresting nonfiction look at a subculture of young African-American dirt-bike enthusiasts who view their hobby as a ride-or-die proposition -- a dangerous way to act out proxy battles with authority.
Well-edited and often thrilling, but leaves you with more questions than answers and feels incomplete.
An exciting, beautifully shot look at a subculture through the eyes of one of its most devoted admirers.
It's important to remember that not every day is a joy ride. 12 O'Clock Boys is also a portrait of a family.
12 O'Clock Boys shows the culture for what it is: thrilling, compelling and more than a little dangerous.
This slice-of-life effort presents a complicated picture when it comes to the world of urban dirt biking, acknowledging the dangers involved while celebrating its utility as an outlet for the pent-up emotions of a people left behind by society.
Lotfy Nathan's hand-held camerawork, combined with a snappy hip-hop soundtrack, gives the documentary a sense of immediacy.
It's positive, it's inspiring, it's beautiful.
That Nathan is able to cover so much ground in a mere 76 minutes makes 12 O'Clock Boys all the more remarkable and essential.
It could have romanticized its subjects, portraying them as outlaws and folk heroes. Or it could have gone the way of moral panic. To its credit, [it] does neither of these things - or, rather, it does both, in the most subtle and insightful way possible.
Take a closer look, as Lofty Nathan does in his freewheeling debut feature... and bike gangs like the 12 O'Clock Boys start to differentiate as more than just a dangerous nuisance.
[Pug is] a fiercely individual child, but, inevitably, his predicament also symbolizes how poverty can warp a good boy's nature.
[It] spectacularizes black criminality for white middle-class viewers, the primary audience for the festivals and art houses where this film will have its career.
"12 O'Clock Boys" packs more life into its 72 minutes than many longer documentaries do.
In this transfixing documentary about a Baltimore boy striving to join illegal urban dirt bikers, first-time filmmaker Lofty Nathan conjures a unique journalistic excitement.
The young filmmaker rarely digs beneath the harsh environment's many fraught surfaces. He simply lets his cameras be his guide.
The film's implication, that the rides need to be curtailed, seems obvious; and I can't help thinking that Nathan realizes this, but stops short.
Nathan's film defies easy categorization; he's interested in neither telling a fairy tale nor painting issues in broad strokes.
As reticent as Nathan is to cast explicit judgment, the film shows the tragic impasse between a street culture that's reckless and provocative, and a police force that exacerbates the problem with heavy-handed tactics.
With so many advocacy documentaries on screens of late, Nathan's unwillingness to take a side is refreshing.
Vibrantly filmed documentary about a young boy trying to fit in with notorious Baltimore dirt-bike riders fairly throbs with pent-up passions, but runs out of story fast.
Nathan wisely avoids explicit commentary. He doesn't need it: Coco's angry frustration, Pug's bruised confusion, and the police helicopters constantly hovering above the defiant bikers say enough.
Its rhythm is the jagged rhythm of everyday life, and its primary asset is its unemphatic authenticity, offering a window into a very specific time and place.
This visually stunning, thematically complex documentary will stir up a wide range of reactions.
Engrossing if slightly slapdash.
It's easy to see how the combination of Zen-like grace and adrenalized thrills might allow someone stuck in a miserable urban hellhole to forget their everyday troubles, if only for a few seconds at a time.
Not only does it work nicely as a slice-of-life narrative, but it also serves as a subtle study of the endemic hopelessness in America's inner cities.
In slow-motion shots, Nathan captures the riders' pride in mastery and thrill in adventure.
It constantly divides itself between fulfilling the conventions of the informational talking-heads documentary and aiming for a more poetically impressionistic quality.
A brisk documentary happily without talking heads about bikers in an inner-city Baltimore 'hood.
The film itself is a little too rough around the edges to fully engage. Fascinating subject, though.
Using Baltimore's dirt-bike groups as its entry point, the film offers a remarkable grassroots look at how the system is broken at the inner-city level.
Nathan's gorgeous slow-motion shots of the 12 O'Clock Boys riding for the camera shows the glory to which Pug aspires; in the rest of the movie we see the life that's really awaiting him.
An urban Western with ball caps and bikes in place of cowboy hats and horses.
Set to a lively soundtrack, 12 O'Clock Boys expresses the paradox of the sport -- its surface coolness and inherent recklessness -- as a single, troublesome package.
A captivating and nail-bitingly tense documentary that provides a stellar account of Baltimore's urban dirt-bike gang ...
12 O'Clock Boys is one of those rare, unforgettable films, so tightly constructed and beautifully executed that it's hard not to want to watch it again immediately.
Nathan's approach is observational and reminds me of the way Steve James constructed Hoop Dreams, following the emerging story while creating context by including footage of Pug and his mother, Coco, at home...

@highlight

Visually striking and grippingly fast-paced, 12 O'Clock Boys asks thought-provoking questions with admirable subtlety and restraint.