If the secret police ever want to get anything out of me, all they have to do is sit me down in front of this film. I'd tell them I was the third man on the grassy knoll just to make them switch it off.
In the face of this film something adolescent in me surged to the surface and I mean that as a great compliment: adolescence is a state I hold in high regard.
V for Vendetta, based on a graphic novel, is sabotaged by its second half, which is more like V for vacuous. By the end, it's 1984 meets The Phantom of the Opera.
By leaping into fantasy and heading for its own version of a happy ending with all guns blazing, however, it blows the competition - not to mention the Houses of Parliament - out of the water.
Moore wrote the novel as a commentary on Thatcher's England and the film retains the London setting, but it only takes a few key phrases to echo the post-9/11 era and the rhetoric of the current American administration.
Speaking of love, things go blooey instead of gooey whenever heroine and hero come close enough to touch; far from being sensual, let alone erotic, the movie proves to be not much fun at all.
This is just darkness played bright, a disposable object but hardly objectionable.
The dark and stylized V for Vendetta is visually exhilarating, provocative and disturbing.
Just when we were ready to give up mainstream movies as braindead,along comes the controversial and gleefully subversive V for Vendetta, a piece of corporate-sponsored art that will have audiences rooting for a bomb-throwing anarchist.
Whether you're mindless or Mensa, you'll find stuff here to challenge and trouble you, the way a good piece of speculative fiction should.
In its ambition to weld a political message onto a comic-book movie it falls rather pitifully between two stools.
In adapting Moore's sprawling narrative into a workable screenplay, the Wachowski Brothers have come up with a balance of thoughtful philosophy and all-out action that feels more natural and organic than it did in their Matrix films.
Alan Moore may be greatest victim of Hollywood's comic book adaptation craze.
Daredevil in agitator garb
A brutally intelligent political thriller...
Moore and Lloyd posed this paradigm in a Cold War era and it never came to pass. Leave it to the Wachowski Brothers to update it for the War on Terror, or rather its aftermath.
Better than the original comic. Seriously.
V for Vendetta is a milestone. Maybe not a big marker, but a milestone nonetheless.It is anti-establishment redux.
Forget the faux accent, it's the raw emotion [Portman] displays, especially in the film's latter stages, that's positively Streep-like and most captivating.
By the movie's midpoint, the Wachowski brothers' screenplay has gotten so bogged down in back story that it takes 40 minutes for director James McTiegue to get back to the explosions that his 16-year-old target audience assumes will solve everything.
Contentious, pretentious but with a great last 20 minutes.
The details of V's beef with society are hazy, but the film has a certain purity of spirit.
Major studio pictures can certainly be more creative, but they're rarely as bold as this.
blends modern-day politics with good old-fashioned derring-do to explore the grey areas (in a very grey-looking London) between freedom, justice, dissidence and retribution.
When the script sticks close to Alan Moore, it works best. Which, sadly, is seldom.
Every time Mr. Weaving is on screen the spirit of Mr. Moore's character comes alive. Those moments, at least, are worth fighting for.
... manages to succeed as both great entertainment and a thoughtful reflection on current politics.
jo%u0161 jedno silovanje strip-umjetnosti od strane holivudskih licemjera
The swashbuckling first hour is superior to the second, which bursts at the seams with backstory, but a rousing climax makes this the most potent piece of agitpop in years.
It's viciously, vibrantly, vigorously, very, very good.
A movie that has been made in the Wachowski style but lacks their distinctive visual flair.
Forget the Ides of March, beware the 5th of November.
I know it sounds a little strange to be recommending a movie about a revolutionary at this time, but I thoroughly enjoyed this motion picture and, if taken for its fantasy alone, it provides great escapist entertainment.
Turgid, overinflated, pseudo-philosophical, bogus radicalism from the Wachowski brothers.
I'm thinking the message is that there's a little V in everyone. Unfortunately,on screen there's only a lot of Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz.
...a somewhat old-fashioned adventure flick, filled with action, humor, romance, politics, and the kind of swashbuckling that audiences hadn't seen in movies for many years.
Revenge is liberty. I can't recall hearing that particular idea from Tolstoy, Gandhi, Martin Luther King, Vaclav Havel, Nelson Mandela, the Dalai Lama or the makers of Batman Begins. But as the Wachowski brothers would say, that's another paradigm.
Much to admire and enjoy, but what could have been a meaningful parable about individual freedoms comes off as heavy-handed politicizing that doesn't quite add up.
Feels far too starched and clean to do its source material justice.
it's not Sin City, but it's probably the most acomplished blovkbuster we'll see all summer
A futuristic London where the government uses fear to elicit cooperation from the people is smashed by a man in a mask. V for Vendetta is an allegory of modern America.
The less you think, the more you like it. Which isn't always a bad thing.
For all its anti-establishment esprit, it's more a case of Z for Zzzz.
V for still Victorious.
Don't believe the hype. All this muddled movie has to offer is more numbly regurgitated, willfully cartoonish pop political commentary.
A welcome blast of pop subversion.
Though the dystopian elements here are pretty standard, V for Vendetta provocatively captures a society at the tipping point of rebellion.
They're working within a style that depends on exaggeration, sure -- I get that. However, aside from lacking the granularity that would make V a more intriguing and complex figure, he is by even his own admission little more than a reaction.
With its delightful mix of action and thinking, V for Vendetta is in one sense escapism but on the other, depressing as hell.
Un film incómodo y desafiante sobre cuestiones plenamente vigentes en el mundo de hoy, que dejará insatisfechos a quienes busquen sólo entretenimiento.
A mild triumph of Hollywood filmmaking in that the film garners its thrills not from mindless action and special effects but from ideas.
A smarter-than-usual action film.
V For Vendetta should be seen less for the conspiracy theories discussion it inspires and more for its vicious storytelling
De certa forma, é possível que V de Vingança seja um dos filmes mais corajosos realizados por Hollywood depois dos atentados de 11 de Setembro.
The settings are moody and evocative, the script is well crafted and thought-provoking and there are really cool action sequences with guns, knives and roses... U for unexpectedly good.
'V' screams loudly and long, with visceral, kinetic fury and with style to burn. It's so brazen, it's kind of brilliant.
V for Vendetta's strength beyond its substantial movie-movie value is not in how it pitches its ideas, but to whom.
Deliberately blurs the line between heroism and terrorism.
An unbearably talkative affair with virtually nothing sane to say.
Lo que realmente sacude y hace reflexionar, radica en el paralelismo de este supuesto mundo alternativo con los gobiernos actuales. Buen ejercicio de los Wachowski.
The cleverest aspect of the film is the way it turns a terrorist into a crusading hero while remaining politically correct. What it doesn't manage is to create a credible future or avoid pomposity.
Violence can be used for various purposes, good, ill, and incoherent. This would be the primary observation made by V for Vendetta.
Yes, the movie is too long, and given to repetition, but who cares? It's exciting, unpredictable, and an inversion of the language of the powerful.
I'll let others debate all the political ramifications in V For Vendetta; my problem is that as a movie it fails to engage
f the fanboys out there take umbrage with something in it, I'm sorry, I loved it, but we've disagreed on comic adaptations before. I saw it twice opening weekend, if that's any indication.
solidly anchored by a masked Hugo Weaving and a few stunning action sequences. If only there had been more of them . . .
Not unlike "Gattaca" and "Dark City," V for Vendetta" will assuredly bomb its way into a thinking man's cult film status.
At last, there's a movie that's not afraid to look Big Brother in the eye and declare that fascism is totally uncool...V for Vendetta is dumb with a capital D.
What it has for certain, and what it has in spades, are some very real ideas. And, to paraphrase this V fellow, ideas are box-office-proof.
...an astonishingly pertinent and thoroughly engaging piece of work.
A poorly paced and spectacularly disjointed rehash of Orwellian themes. It has a high production value and looks great, but suffers from a lack of narrative exposition that leads to sizable holes in the plot.
V for Vendetta is visually stunning, marvellously rich and possibly the first great Alan Moore adaptation.
Explosively imaginative and colorfully conveyed, this velocity-driven vehicle dabbles in the right combination of cynicism and surrealism...a sprawling thriller.
This film is a funhouse of political ideas, some of them intentionally repugnant. You may not entirely agree with the politics, but the film is darkly colorful and fun.
The cautionary new thriller 'V for Vendetta,' finds director James McTeigue envisioning some rather difficult times ahead for the year 2020.
[Hugo] Weaving finds the right balance of flamboyant flourish and quietly subtle, effective mannerisms. In this actor's hands, even the smallest **** of the head says so much.
T for Terrible
Alan Moore, director James McTeigue and the Wachowski Bros. may be using the equivalent of bombs to slam home the point, but occasionally it takes a loud noise to wake us up.
Never lags for a second
Silly ... V is not George Washington, Henry V or even Patrick Henry. He's the ghost of the Phantom of the Opera accessorized with Ginsu knives and kung fu.
It all unfolds to an apex of the triumph of the best of humanity that could even change the real world.
It is worth the time and money if you're looking for something a little different and edgy.
'V for Vendetta' is an exciting, highly ambitious, and well-written cerebral thriller that I found hugely satisfying.
Même si l'effort manque diablement de subtilité on ne pourra réfuter l'extraordinaire doigté caractérisant le scénario des frères Wachowski et la réalisation de James McTeigue
Admittedly, some of the allusions skewer more toward the Nazi regime than the Republican Party (though many will persuasively argue that they're one and the same).
It's meant to be a rallying cry -- not to revolution, but simply to shake oneself out of cynicism and malaise
Under the guise of comic book entertainment, the movie asks ambitious questions and raises provocative issues. The end result is uniquely cool.
It's a sign of our times that fictional fluff like this has now taken the plunge into raging rhetoric -- a sign that entertainment may be becoming the new forum for a conversation that has no other place in today's partisan political landscape.
I relish a good politically charged action thriller (PCAT), and on one level V for Vendetta can claim fame as a non-PC example of a PCAT (central character a terrorist?), but like a black hole, it sucks up anything else in its path.
To put it Wachowski style: Saying it shouldn't be read as a political film is to say that it doesn't exist at all.
Recycled Orwellian nightmares are NOT relevant, but Portman and Weaving are worth the price of admission.
'M' is for mediocre
Its ultimate message is that no one should be afraid of big-budget movies, no matter how daring they might seem.
I just put "V for Vendetta" on my "A" list.
The political anger of V for Vendetta, like that of 1984, is timeless.
Là où les 2 derniers volets de La Matrice étaient prétentieux, souvent ridicules et généralement ennuyants, V pour Vendetta est tout le contraire.
This is a bold movie with a strong story and script and absolutely outstanding direction.
...provocative and engrossing, and may be one of the most important 'entertainments' released this year.
'V for Vendetta' stimulates by providing an idealistically profound political message accented by beauty-and-beast romanticism.
V is not for Vendetta. It's a prison cell in a dystopian future civilization where experiments are conducted on live humans.
... what better way to promote an idea than to disguise it as entertainment, hmm?
Osama must be smiling in his cave!
This is pure post-9/11 Orwell, a great, angry screed against scapegoating and fearmongering in the seemingly endless war on terrorism.
V's journey through this story is as much a psychological one as it is a journey into politics, vengeance and fight scenes.
Imprisoned, Natalie finds a hidden diary of a jailed lesbian filmmaker. What is this, the Rosie O'Slammer?
Important plot points are treated in a rushed, perfunctory manner and what could have been a fascinating parable about tyranny, terrorism, and the sheer charisma of violence becomes just another series of bloody fight scenes.
The Wachowskis and freshman director James McTeigue quickly decide that sloppy, repetitive action scenes are more compelling than examining the ideas they raise.
The fascist angle doesn't inspire any righteous indignation, and the terrorist angle is not the fiery revolutionary rhetoric it thinks it is.
This isn't the "Matrix" by any means, although it is worth the bucks for a ticket.
With yet another bloated and self-important mythos under their belts, the hope of a quality screenplay penned from the Wachowski brothers continues to fade.
Brutally gorgeous and seething with incendiary images, the Wachowski brothers' monumental call to revolution, based on Alan Moore's gloomy graphic novel about a masked madman who restores anarchy to the U.K., is a vivid but muddled pulp political parable.
Unlike the Matrix sequels, V is never boring and rarely as heavy-handed and meandering. It is tightly woven with a very pointed aim.
This is not the movie, and these are not the times, for sophisticated arguments.
V won't win the Subtlety in Film Award, but fans of '70s movies especially will recognize that it's hardly out of line with the tradition of speculative fiction during times of strife.
Richly satisfying entertainment the way movies are at their best, when they prod you to think.
Nothing can upgrade pulp like a bunch of plush British accents.
A cracking good comic-book tale.
V for Vendetta is undeniably engrossing, and it offers a scattergun of satire that takes in all sorts of oppressive government behavior.
V for Vendetta is ultimately worth seeing, if only for its adamant refusal to play it safe and the passionate commitment that Weaving and Portman bring to their roles.
It becomes just another taste of every comic-book movie that isn't Sin City or A History of Violence. Vapid.
Unlike The Matrix, V for Vendetta puts its ideological intent first, and happens to provide smashing entertainment only as a vehicle for delivering its message.
Movie fans may be surprised to find [certain] questions being raised in a sci-fi movie. They should, instead, be appalled that it took a sci-fi movie to raise them.
[An] enjoyable -- if occasionally irresponsible -- comic-book thriller.
The real thrills in V for Vendetta come in its dense and vividly detailed plot.
V for Vendetta is that rare popcorn headbanger that can make you question your complacent notions of right and wrong, of enemy and defender.
As an action movie V for Vendetta is a dud -- far too long at nearly two and a half hours, with flat, grungy visuals, choppy editing and no sense of urgency.
In the end V for Vendetta is as cold and unsympathetic as the regime it criticizes.
V For Vendetta is massive popcorn entertainment, a blockbusterish undertaking with a great cast and even a few ideas (!) wedged into the exhilarating action sequences.
It's not about ideas or insights but about cleverly calculated thrills, stunning camera work, a magnificent musical score and haunting atmospheric lighting.
As manifestoes go, this one's a beauty: draped like a funeral, smart as a whip and full of black-hearted romantic monologues and dramatically slit necks.
For all their lofty philosophizing, at least the Wachowskis don't get bogged down in the metaphysical mumbo-jumbo that made their Matrix sequels such pompous bores.
V for Vendetta has something going for it that's rare in mainstream films: It has ideas. It has questions. And even when it pretends to have answers, it also raises questions about those answers.
There's no denying the value of Vendetta as an argument starter, even if the basic argument -- when is terrorism justified? -- is something less than novel.
V for Vendetta is a thought-provoking, suspenseful thriller set in the near future, as the American empire is in ruins and sees a fascist version of England as the new world leader.
V manages to unsettle and fascinate, riding to its conclusion on waves of unmasked outrage.
Fear is just one of the powerful themes in the ka-pow, ka-boom pleasure that is V for Vendetta.
At this point, 'V for Vendetta' seems more fashionable than radical.
A daring and imaginative view of Britain as a fascist state in the 2020s.
...it's all here except for a contested plan to give control of Britain's ports to Dubai.
A political and symbolic thinking person's action movie.
Aside from a handful of fight scenes (only one of which evokes any serious eye-rolling), the Wachowskis actually seem to have given serious effort to telling a story
It's safe to say that V may be the most political movie released by a major studio since JFK (which was also distributed by Warner Brothers).
[V's] scenes with Evey, played with strength and sensitivity by Portman, give surprising heart to this dark parable.
After being burned in effigy for 400 years, you'd think Guy Fawkes would appreciate a little rehabilitation, but he could hardly approve of the way the Wachowskis have done it.
A sharp mix of substance and entertainment.
The idea of a terrorist-as-hero is bound to stir controversy and debate. For, as we have learned ... one man's terrorist is another's freedom fighter.
tedious, boring and ill-conceived... Rather than being anti-fascist, V for Vendetta comes off as being pro-terrorist
Good, but not worth the $20 popcorn and cokes at the theater unless you know who Alan Moore is.
Remember, Remember, the 5th of November...Whether you love it or hate it, you can't keep your eyes off of it, V for Vendetta grabs you and holds you. Portman is mesmerizing, while Weaving bores.
V for Vendetta is a confounding exercise that has no trouble getting people to think, but it's far less successful at getting them to feel.
Based on a cult graphic novel (R-rated comic book) of the same name, the movie is surprisingly thought provoking, and predictably violent.
A refreshing piece of Hollywood entertainment that is more interested in ideas than in just being 'cool'.
The Wachowskis are back and Rush Limbaugh will not be amused.
This future-shock story about a masked avenger at war with a totalitarian British regime sags when it should zip.
Awesome! Easily the best movie to come out so far this year...
It may go a little overboard in its desire to convince us of both its coolness and its insightfulness, but it's fast-paced and smart enough to keep us onboard anyway.
The hero/antihero of Vendetta,... is -- thrillingly -- Batman and the Joker all at once; he's Luke Skywalker and Darth Vader.
V for Vendetta speaks in loud mainstream tones, yet sports an ideology that remains at odds with the current mainstream American ideal.
It's as paranoid and pompous a piece of brazen looniness as you'll see this year.
Has no concerns of following any normal conventions of entertaining its audience and seems more occupied with the loftier goals of getting viewers to consider its ideas.
If they made a movie about overthrowing a government and didn't load it with political commentary, I'd be disappointed... Jon Stewart would be proud. The Benny Hill spoof is hilarious and Catholics will be offended too.
Brilliant and angry.
A world, that may look like the future, smell like the future, even call itself the future, but isn't the future at all.
The film's screenplay is more compelling and coherent than the graphic novel.
V For Vendetta is a mesmerizing, action filled movie that appeals to the revolutionary in each of us
The persuasive ideas found in the script prevail over the unavoidable comic-book clichés and the director's minimal learning curve
The strongest, most exciting and most intelligent thrill ride since The Matrix.
Director James McTeigue finds moments of pure brilliance amid a story that stumbles from one questionable choice to another.
Keeps the source's gnarly moral issues, amps up the explosions and thins out the subplots to delight audiences looking for two-plus hours of solid entertainment and willing to do some mental work to get there.
...an endlessly ballsy comic book adaptation that is sly and smart -- something that more and more comic book films are becoming these days.
It is neither persuasive filmmaking nor political commentary.
The movie's a handsome piece of work, dramatically powerful even when it backs into silliness.
Portman reminds one less of Falconetti and more of a Paris Hilton-esque socialite who accidentally wandered into Supercuts.
For anyone looking for something totally different in this most overworked of Hollywood genres (comic-book superheroes), this is it.
As Vendetta winds up, the movie gets a little lazy, and a little wacky (it shows some of the lack of discipline that troubled the Matrix sequels).
V for Vendetta engages in lots of speechifying about the importance of ideas and the freedom to question them. Ironically, though, the movie doesn't really seem to have any ideas of its own.
What makes Vendetta truly remarkable is that it refuses to back away from its strong convictions.
When it chooses to be, V for Vendetta is a gangbusters and incisive indictment of the scary direction this big blue ball is headed in.
Volatile and vehement as a timely cautionary tale, it emerges as the first exciting, significant and, potentially, the most controversial film of 2006.
... The first must-see movie of 2006.
It works beautifully.
First-time director James McTeigue's big, bold imagery, with slashing reds and blacks, is a close approximation of the novel's look and feel.
V for Vendetta wants to be a thoughtful political allegory, a chaste love story and a high-powered thriller all at the same time. It winds up being a big snooze.
V for Vendetta is a piece of pulp claptrap; it has no insights whatsoever into totalitarian psychology and always settles for the cheesiest kinds of demagoguery and harangue as its emblems of evil.
The film is an intriguing thriller that asks questions likely to have a powerful effect on conscripts in the current war on terror.
A killer action film with flaming political implications.
Gripping, intelligent and innovative.
V for Vendetta is not a movie of ideas so much as it is an idea mall. By the time you've gotten through it, you feel spent, loaded down and more than a little disoriented.
V for Vendetta is provocative, exciting, funny, beautiful, disturbing, moving and stylish. In fact, I can't think of too many things the movies can do that V for Vendetta doesn't.
In a post-9-11 world, with the Patriot Act and battles raging over civil liberties, V for Vendetta absolutely resonates -- but it's an empty echo. The movie has nothing new or vital to impart.
The movie is a lot of dark, Orwellian fun.
While many visions of the future cooked up in the 1980s are now easy to laugh off -- remember 'Red Dawn,' or the once-controversial ABC miniseries 'Amerika'? -- 'V' seems chillingly relevant...
This futuristic nightmare grasps at the same visceral uneasiness that juiced Matrix's cult before its impact was dulled by bloated sequels.
Only here and there do you find the spark and kinetic zap delivered by the first Matrix picture.
The movie undercuts itself with its garishly adolescent tone.
Visually striking but ponderous and self-important...the serious issues it tries to raise are cheapened by its combination of pretentious preaching and comic-book derring-do.
A divided domestic electorate will take [it] either as a kick-***, future-punk primal scream of political frustration or as an irresponsible, literally and figuratively incendiary attack on our...approval-deficient leaders.
If you're curious about what a Yuen Woo-ping-less Wachowski charge can do with some really awesome material, then this is the movie for you.
V for visuals, W for Weaving and S for supporting cast only go so far to rise above the B for belabored points.
Does not show enough of the fascist government's oppression to get the audience riled up on the vigilante's side.
This film couldn't have come at a more opportune time.
V is a quick-paced, dazzling film of social rebellion, but unfortunately leaves some interesting ideas out to die, topping the amount of intense thought with pyrotechnics.
A visually sumptuous concoction that combines political allegory, bloody action, and a few stunning cinematic moments into a solid piece of entertainment.
Enjoyable, smartly designed and superbly acted thriller that actually gives you something to think about while you're watching stuff get blown up.
Provocation demands constant nurturing, which proves beyond the capabilities of this long, dialogue-heavy and frequently static film.
The final scenes, meant to be more inspirational than Moore would likely embrace, try too hard.
If you don't know the source, the movie may strike you as a radical studio film. See it before you read the comic, because if you do it the other way, there's no going back.
May be the ballsiest, angriest picture of the current administration.
While the action is happening, this movie works, but there's just not enough of it.
V for Vendetta has a playful-demon vitality, but it's designed to let political adolescents of every age congratulate themselves. It's rage against the machine by the machine.
"V" is a gay Shakespeare-soliloquy spurting blowhard with a creepy, but well-groomed, hairdo. He's also a dancing knife-wielding karate killer.
Viewers who take the titular V as a literal ideal will be frustrated by his superficial positioning as a terrorist. It's hard to be figurative in the land of the blind.
Only when the script and visuals stray too far from the source does the film lose its way, getting bogged down in the mechanics of big-budget action filmmaking and ponderous dialogue as it works toward a way-too-tidy, sentimental finale.
Unlike political thrillers that are content to wallow in their dissatisfaction with the state of the world, V demands that we take personal responsibility for it...
Once you've seen this every event movie from May to September will seem that little bit duller.
Fans hoping for another kick-butt action movie are bound to be disappointed by this very talky yet thoroughly thought-provoking piece of sci fi cinema.
A fierce rival to any comparable fan followship.
Absorbing even in its incoherence, V for Vendetta manages to make an old popular mythology new.
Writing in the same babbling, humorless fashion as their woebegotten Matrix sequels, the Wachowskis again mistake leaden exposition for drama. Think Fight Club, only without the irony.
An absolutely incendiary work.
When all the buzz about a movie is about how it is produced and directed and all the production values and the costumes and such, you can figure that it's not much of a story or script.
Flat and pretentious, V for Vendetta plays like a comic book version of an al-Qaeda recruiting video.
You won't want to think about it, the ideas in this film are too dangerous, but you'll have to.
questions authority in ways that are discomfiting for some, liberating for others, and eye-opening for everyone.
Spills blood more political than corporeal, potentially endangering its box office yet certifying its future as the most talked-about film thus far in 2006.
...a lackluster comic-book movie that thinks terrorist is a synonym for revolutionary.
V for Vendetta lands somewhere between the neo-noir freshness of the original The Matrix and the indecipherable bombast of the two sequels.
The quarter-century-old disgruntled fantasies of two English comic-book artists, amplified by a powerful movie company, and ambushed by history, wind up yielding a disastrous muddle.
V For Vendetta is a glorious piece of pop culture subversive cinema that operates on manifold levels.
There are some great, brilliant action scenes, but this is more thoughtful and darker and more in the vein of Batman Begins. And that's a very good thing.
V for Vendetta, directed by James McTeigue, almost always has something going on that is actually interesting, inviting us to decode the character and plot and apply the message where we will.
There are a lot of ideas here - and two impressive set-pieces - but while it may provoke thought, it rarely thrills or engages as a story.
Setting out more to challenge us with its ideas than make us whoop at the action, Vendetta can be clumsy, but there are enough impressive flourishes to make up for its stumblings.
V packs an urgent filmmaking energy that pins you to your seat.
The most avowedly political movie in ages!
So gorgeously visual and thematically resonant that we don't really mind if the characters are a bit shallow.
The most faithful and literal adaptation of an Alan Moore graphic novel...a potent combination of action, emotion and wry political commentary.
Narratively and stylistically, the movie is so incoherent that it's impossible to tell whose vision is onscreen, so the best way to enjoy it is to succumb to the striking visuals.
Although often visually striking and undercoated by a compelling sci-fi concept, graphic-novel adaptation V for Vendetta feels flat as a storyboard.
It's an amazing movie. Not in exactly the way The Matrix was (how tired would that be?), but in a new way. It's a fascinating picture, dark and exciting, and it will almost certainly be an enormous hit.
We have here something that we rarely see in SF films these days... a movie about ideas over action, character over special effects, and emotion over action.
Entertaining and solidly crafted.
A visual feast for the eyes and an intelligent treat for the brain.


@highlight

Visually stunning and thought-provoking, V For Vendetta 's political pronouncements may rile some, but its story and impressive set pieces will nevertheless entertain.