The result is part legal thriller, part five-hankie melodrama.
The filmmakers leave massive and sometimes reactionary holes in a film that could easily have pled a more accommodating and sophisticated yet equally airtight case.
In a continent where despotic rule is not uncommon, there is little argument that Mugabe is the most monstrous of rulers.
The final hearing is the most extraordinary scene in the film.
Bailey and Thompson managed to create a remarkably vivid portrait of a land and its people, while bringing us two unforgettable heroes in Campbell and Freeth.
Mugabe and the White African is cinema-as-journalism at its most aesthetically confident and humanely satisfying.
This portrait of a strident white farmer and his family in Zimbabwe is interesting for its close-up view of life there, but it skips too many details and ends up being morally ambiguous.
This extraordinary profile in courage starkly bears passionate and brave witness as two flinty farmers stand up for their rights in a good vs. evil fight.
Compelling true-life story of the legal battle between a white farmer and the repressive Zimbabwean regime.
Many viewers will leave "Mugabe and the White African" thinking that they have seen few, if any, documentaries as wrenching, sad and infuriating, and those feelings will be justified.
The film clandestinely captures marauders in action while embedding itself in the imperiled home of aging farmer Michael Campbell.
Not highlighting the colonized history of Zimbabwe is a huge error for the one-sided doc that at times depicts the Black Zimbabweans as emotionless and racist savages. That said, it's a fearless film but do your own research to be fully informed.
Tthis incendiary documentary showcases Mugabe's corrupt use of land reform to further polarize a fragile nation already divided along racial lines.
Outrage powers documentary on Zimbabwean injustice
The film serves as a testimony on behalf of all of Mugabe's victims.
[A] gripping documentary.
It excels as a courtroom drama, a tense thriller, a ringing call to arms, and, most of all, as a humbling portrait of the unflappable, indefatigable farmers and their families.
Shot more like a thriller, this powerful documentary follows a white Zimbabwean family as they take on one of the most ruthless dictators in human history. It's both riveting and wrenching, and needs to be seen as far and wide as possible.
This is one of those documentaries that stays with you for years. The injustice infuriates and the story, simply and deftly told, breaks your heart.
The film's strength lies in its fearless reportage.
Your lasting emotions are of respect for the two farmers, mixed with a lingering, helpless sadness.
This film is an unmissable portrait of courage under fire.
If you lack empathy with them at the start, you won't by the end.
Andrew Thompson and Lucy Bailey's elegant film - much of it shot illicitly to avoid government thuggery - is a humbling chronicle of a good man squaring up against evil, for evil is what Mugabe's regime is.
Splendidly and often lyrically shot, with a marvellously sympathetic, dread-inducing score by Jonny Pilcher, this is one of the most powerful documentaries I have ever seen.
A sensational and very moving documentary shot undercover in Zimbabwe. The result deserves to be seen by everyone.
Harrowing, unsparing, incensing and often, as an example of courage beyond the call, inspiring.
The film, most of it shot covertly at great personal risk, takes an openly one-sided view of the struggle.
Mugabe And The White African is an outstanding documentary offering eye-opening testimony to the plight of one family who seem symbolic of so much that has gone wrong with the country.
The vexed topic of whether you can be white and African is currently nowhere more starkly being played out than in Robert Mugabe's Zimbabwe, as this powerful documentary shows with painful clarity.
A riveting film which, were it fiction, might be disbelieved as melodrama.
Thought-provoking and extremely harrowing.
Moral complexity courses through Mugabe and the White African, adding extra dimensions to a story that unfurls with much more heart-in-mouth tension than your average thriller.
One family's catastrophe, filmed covertly to avoid a press ban, reflects a whole nation brought to its knees by a self-serving despot and his thuggish enforcers.

@highlight

As much legal thriller as objective documentary, this account of a farmer's battle with Zimbabwe's regime serves as a powerful and emotional attack upon President Mugabe.