Ice Cube's do-it-yourself sequel is too formulaic.
We're finished.
passable but far from inspired
Let's just hope the kids find burping raccoons and crumbling ceilings hilarious.
Basically, the title says it all and if you're unlucky enough to end up seeing this, you'll be repeating that title for the entire 96 minutes. Avoid.
The only thing in Steve Carr's fatuous movie that earns a few giggles is John C McGinley's silliness as a new-age builder.
As unfortunate titles for cynically commercial sequels go, this one's a doozy
Oh, I do hope so. Why Ice Cube thought his wretched family outing Are We There Yet? deserved a sequel is baffling, since all it revealed was his complete ineptitude as a light comedian.
Dull at best, painfully unfunny at worst, let's hope the answer to Are We Done Yet? is in the affirmative.
Avoid at all costs.
McGinley, as it happens, is the film's only trump card, his madcap multi-tasker stealing every scene he's in and leaving the movie's nominal star for dead.
US audiences ate it up and there are just enough laughs to appease those whose tastes run to utterly undemanding kiddie slapstick and life lessons.
Even John C McGinley (Dr. Cox from Scrubs) can't save this lamest of comedies.
An acknowledged remake of the old Cary Grant movie Mr. Blandings Builds His Dream House. As far as I could tell, that's because everyone involved was inspired by the syllable "Bland" in the title.
The slapstick isn't sadistic. But that doesn't make this sequel's propensity of scenes where animals attack Nick, and moments where he learns the difference between a house and a home, more than inoffensive.
There's no attempt at even a plot, short of the all too predictable ending where it all turns out fine
Nothing is very funny in this movie, and everything is predictable.
Well, it's not as mean-spirited as its predecessor.
Director Steve Carr is apparently the go-to guy for African-American comedy actors looking to destroy any last vestiges of already waning credibility.
The real question is whether or not Ice Cube's career is done yet.
Dull and forgettable, relentlessly extending this family comedy franchise.
It's just awful. It's beyond awful.
As much a broken-down wreck as the house at the center of the plot.
Yeah, we're done.
There's lots of falling down, sloppy food messes and animals taunting the heroes. Cube does a good job mugging it up in his pratfalls. He shows he doesn't have to take himself seriously but can commit to the ridiculous with joy.
It isn't gangsta, but it's winning all the same.
Even though the cinematic foundation of this cheap prefab fluff is a message of family togetherness, the building materials -- boneheaded behavior, overwrought conflict, treacly sentiment -- have classic dry rot.
Amid all the episodic muddle and din of Are We Done Yet?, you can feel assured of one thing: no one here is your guy.
They ought to take a bulldozer to this witless slapstick concoction.
...ostensibly based on the old Cary Grant classic Mr. Blandings Builds His Dream House, but you'd never guess it.
Ostensibly, the message...is the difference between an expensive house and a priceless home, but since the message is taught by a greedy psychopath, it rings a bit hollow.
the cringe to laugh ratio is about 60/40 cringe.
In answer to the cinematic question Are We Done Yet? one can only answer, 'Let's hope so.'
Despite his trademark scowl, Cube can't keep himself from looking sheepish. That's where the title comes in.
I've never even seen the old Cary Grant version, and yet I know that even if it was the worst film of 1948, it's still 10,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 times better than Are We Done Yet?
Starved for a laugh, the film drags on until finally the predictable life lesson is taught and the credits roll.
Fans of the first film can rest assured that a change in the director's chair -- Dr. Dolittle 2 auteur Steve Carr taking over for the presumably indisposed Brian Levant -- has done little to curb the overall tone of slapstick desperation.
It's not as funny as it could be, but it's laudable that Ice Cube is making family-friendly movies.
We were done in the first five minutes.
Are We Done Yet? One can only hope. (Sorry, but when a critic dislikes a film, and is handed a title like Are We Done Yet? he has to answer the call.)
Puerile prop gags slapped in without development, an inane score, dud reactions, Steve Carr's dismal direction, a Magic Johnson phone-in cameo -- it adds up to the question that keeps arising, which is (yep) the title.
Following up on his execrable 2005 semi-hit Are We There Yet?, Ice Cube once again turns the world off with a scowl in Are We Done Yet?
the most mechanical kind of moviemaking... Every time you think 'Done' has gone as low as it can go, it manages to sink a little bit further into the septic tank...
Atrocious.
Director Steve Carr continues his streak of numbingly mediocre family comedies.
So are we done yet with his snarl for self-deprecating giggles? Sadly, this is one bad rap session that shouldn't be featured on a future Ice Cube-inspired CD.
Is it over yet?
The new movie is good-natured and sometimes funny. It also doesn't make a lick of sense.
The film desperately needs a stronger script; one with a few funny jokes would be nice. Instead what we get is an incessant score that punctuates every pratfall and clues the audience in to what's meant to be funny.
Don't expect classic screwball charm from this by-the-numbers family gagfest.
Let me, a UW alumnus, assure you that no one would have Husky purple and Cougar crimson in the same closet. The fact that Nick wears both shows how top-to-bottom brainless this movie is.
The actors are all likable, the film moves at a brisk pace and there are even one or two jokes that appear to be original.
If you've seen the brilliantly edited trailer, you've seen just about every single laugh in the movie.
If only someone had thought to fix the script.
Are We Done Yet? may be remarkable only for the fact that its star was ever once actually considered a threat to civic stability. If movies came any safer than this, they'd be given honourary police citations for keeping the peace.
There is something almost revolutionary about the way it and a couple of other recent movies (including this week's Firehouse Dog) are attempting to bring back the sort of live-action family films that Disney used to churn out in the '70s.
Ice Cube, here's a message for you. Henceforth, until you make a better movie than Are We Done Yet?, we're resorting to calling you Lukewarm Cube.
It's enjoyable for what it is, but without McGinley, it would've needed major remodeling.
In most films, a bathroom-related joke would represent the lowest form of humor. In this one, it's a highlight.
There's not a whiff of freshness in all of Are We Done Yet?, which goes for the very lowest common denominator in terms of laughs -- and still misses that broad mark 99 3/4 percent of its seemingly interminable running time.
For all his scowling bluster, Ice Cube long ago turned into a bit of a teddy bear. (Is this really the guy who rapped on N.W.A.'s 'Straight Outta Compton'?)
Carr tries to put one over on us by tacking on a sentimental ending. But as any homeowner could have told him, you can't disguise a weak foundation with a cheap finish.
No cleverness was exerted on this one.
As for the rhetorical question imposed in the title... nah, too easy.
Are We Done Yet? isn't much more than a middling middle-class fantasy, but it has a few sweet admonitions nestled amid the tomfoolery.
Careers are funny, unpredictable things, and Ice Cube wouldn't be the first charismatic, threatening entertainer to don a chastity belt for a safe ride in Hollywood. Think Elvis Presley or Eddie Murphy.
'I can fix that,' Nick says each time a new problem arises in the house. How are we supposed to believe that when the filmmakers couldn't fix this poorly constructed sequel from its prefab origins?
The problem with the new film is that Ice Cube is too cool for the plot's nonsense. The faulty house and McGinley's behavior never inspire him to blow his top.
[A]n utter disaster of filmmaking as even the most rudimentary kind of brainless entertainment...
The plot follows an inevitable path of life lessons and forgiving hugs...
An excuse for indifferently executed slapstick involving Ice Cube, who contributes little more than a series of snarls and scowls to the proceedings.
It lies there like the housewarming gifts of dead sturgeon that are another lame attempt at humor in the film, smelling slightly fishy but not yet starting to stink.
Call it habitat for stupidity.
The rapper Ice Cube returns to the multiplex with Are We Done Yet? a feeble fable of better parenting through home improvement.
This fixer-upper family comedy is still a notable improvement over the previous Ice Cube outing.
An animated Ice Cube greets the audience in the opening credit sequence, but that's the last time you will see an energetic and engaging Ice Cube for the rest of the movie
Done is a softer picture aimed more at home repair guffaws and comic anxiety rather than a soul-sucking endurance test of misery. The upgrade is appreciated if not completely enjoyed.
No one will mistake Ice Cube's comic timing for Cary Grant's, but this remake of the 1948 RKO comedy Mr. Blandings Builds His Dream House is a moderately amusing family film, if not a terribly inspired one.
Although Ice Cube is still happy to haul out his old snarl when it serves his purposes, he's clearly trying to reinvent himself as a family entertainer. But the milder he gets, the less confident he seems. What's a reformed gangsta rapper to do?
This is the kind of movie that gives family films a bad name.
The kids come off like little spokesmodels, or aliens, and if not for Long's implausibly patient but good-natured Suzanne, there wouldn't be a recognizably human character in the film.
Like its predecessor, Are We Done Yet? is amiable enough, but not enough to make it compelling.
It's alternately mean-spirited and dumb, and it features few if any laughs.
Calling a sequel Are We Done Yet? is like calling it Enough Already.
Are We Done Yet? isn't funny or original enough to recommend. But it's amusing to watch Ice play straight-man to McGinley's perky, needy, too-helpful Chuck.
Mediocre from foundation to roof, this sequel to 2005's tepid road trip farce Are We There Yet? is the movie equivalent of a tear-down.
Grammatically incorrect though it is, Are We Done Yet? is precisely what audiences will be pleading by the ten-minute mark.
The script could be generated with a few dozen lines of Java code.
A soulless cinematic travesty that leaves only loathing in its wake.
What makes Are We Done Yet? so shoddy isn't its likeable star's now-familiar cuddly-bear persona, but the fact that the film could easily pass for another entry in the Cheaper by the Dozen franchise.
Played for laughs but sadly lacking, Are We Done Yet manages to take a funny premise and squeeze it dry of every teensy morsel of humour.



@highlight

Are We Done Yet? plays it way too safe with generic slapstick and uninspired domestic foibles.