The film is often very funny. The acting is first-class, especially Gosling, who never patronises his character.
For a premise with such lurid possibilities, Lars and the Real Girl is actually a sweet little comedy of romantic delusion and communal affection...
Lars And The Real Girl is a film without compare, about as far removed from conventional comedy as it's possible to be.
Sweet, sad and funny...an entertaining fable about the phenomenon of socially crippled singles. [Blu-ray]
Nancy Oliver's sincere, graceful script about working through grief with the help of tolerance and patience deftly avoids introducing artificial drama. And, as Lars, the reliably terrific Ryan Gosling gives a warm, earnest performance.
A delusional but sweet psychological drama about a young man treated for a bizarre delusional disorder with unconditional love.
Overall, an imperfect gem. In its successful attempt to go for the heart, "Lars and the Real Girl" stumbles a bit. I would have cast Michael Cera in the lead role.
No es una gran película, pero sí una historia original que logra llegar a buen puerto y hasta conmovernos. Estupenda labor de Ryan Gosling.
This script by Nancy Oliver (Six Feet Under) is a delicate, bittersweet, and often sad story of a lost, fragile man and the people who love him.
A plea for compassion and understanding; its lack of the negative side of human nature almost makes it seem desperate in that regard, but overall it's deft at achieving its goal.
It's a movie driving in neutral. It never really gets as clever, as emotional or as funny as I wanted it too.
The story may sound intolerably precious, but 'Lars and the Real Girl' is disarmingly sweet and quietly affecting.
Lars and the Real Girl proves love is blind - and it can be inanimate as well.
A charmingly improbable and delicately emotionally nuanced Capraesque fable about the healing power of love.
a strange flick
A kind of Invasion Of The Silicone Body Snatchers, this weirdly affecting tall tale is about a loony guy and his entire delusional small town falling in PG love with a certainly not politically correct but irrefutably anatomically correct, well, sex doll.
This charmer of a film is one that you will never forget. It's funny, overtly moving and uplifting. I want to see it again
A strangely affecting romance with real heart - and another sign that Gosling is one of the best young actors around.
Sweet and honest, but not much more.
while without question funny at times (and sad at others), [it is] never mocking, degrading or lewd - a true miracle for a film about one man's relationship with a sex doll
Don't let the movie's premise turn you off to what is one of the most affirming, gratifying films you'll see this year.
While the film pulls a few punches, its off-kilter sweetness is as inoffensive and likable as a tepid cup of cocoa.
The speech Gus gives his pregnant wife, Karin, about letting Lars live in the garage and become what he is deserves more recognition than many of the performances up for Academy Awards.
As sweet a portrait of small town life as you are ever likely to see.
Weird on paper, strangely and sweetly affecting onscreen. See it. You won't regret it.
Cynics might find it precious, but open-hearted audiences will love it.
One of the best films of the year about the love, kindness, and hospitality of a Christian community for a lost and lonely soul.
A delightful and heartwarming cinematic treat.
What an original idea - and what a direction to take it. The movie captures the feeling of a small town while the story captures your heart.
Under Mr. Gillespie's admirably directed seriousness of tone, the performers, particularly Mr. Gosling, Ms. Mortimer, Mr. Schneider, Ms. Clarkson, Ms. Gardner and Mr. Reid, never miss a beat.
Lars and the Real Girl could have felt overly precious, like a cheap stunt or joke, but the emotional depth and warmth make this quirky regional character study anything but plastic.
[A] perfect movie in all ways: it's far more inventive and adventurous than most movies dare, it's perfectly realized in all its many small details...
Lars recognizes what few films do, that in the heart of America there remain places where neighborliness is a cardinal virtue.
...we're surprised to find that it's possible to feel a real emotional attachment to an anatomically correct girl made of quality plastic.
Lars and the Real Girl remains suspended somewhere between perversity and pap, with only Gosling hinting at the mingling that might have been.
The clever, ultimately moving script overall delicate, sweet tone, and uniformly fine performances lift the movie above what could have been a creepy premise.
A sweet little fable about how a delusional man-child is helped by the loving ministrations of his family and community, the kind of throwback flick where human nature is seen as inherently good -- a notion so quaint that it feels damn near buoyant.
An often clumsy fable about the sting of loneliness and the welcome balm of selfless intervention.
The truth is that it works more often than it doesn't -- thanks in no small part to the central performances of Gosling, Mortimer, Schneider, Clarkson and Garner.
The wonderful performances are the crux of the movie, and its primary success; for there are significant problems with the story as a story.
Even under his own established guidelines, Gillespie pushes his fantasy past the point of possibility.
Who would think that the story of a reclusive man and his mail-order sex doll would make a remarkably sensitive, tender, PG-13 romantic comedy?
Full of gentle humor and down-home sensitivity, Lars and the Real Girl draws you in and holds your interest.
The only time the film finds the right tone is in the scenes with Patricia Clarkson. She displays the delicate balance necessary to pull this kind of thing off.
Quietly moving.
Surprisingly touching and humane, thanks to its restrained direction and strong performances and sweet-hearted script.
Initially sounds perverted but ends up being just the opposite.
It's the script by Nancy Oliver, the very idea of the thing, that steals your heart. Kink has never felt so sweet and decent.
The most poignant, well-acted and weirdly funny movie you'll see this year.
Both hilarious and poignant, with a Capraesque humanity that caught me completely off guard.
This movie's premise is high concept and would be easy to dismiss were the film not so flawlessly executed.
This film is heart-warming and lovely, but it's also deeply sad and tragic, and somehow Gosling captures both sides of this tale, touching both the deep sorrows and gladnesses that give the story it's texture and depth.
One of the strangest, funniest and most romantic movies you're likely to see.
...director Craig Gillespie (Mr. Woodcock) bobbles it...
The film encourages us to look beyond the surface when we are dealing with people, and it just might be one of the more heart-warming and redemptive movies this year.
...a one-joke idea that quickly wears out its welcome...
The most bizarre thing about "Lars and the Real Girl" is how it takes such an outlandish premise and rescues it from John Waters-esque camp.
Avoiding cliche while exploiting the obvious comic possibilities of a man's obsession with a 'anatomically correct' love doll, Lars and the Real Girl is a satiric, sentimental jewel.
Gosling is a flannelled laundry pile with a porn star moustache, overdosing on uncut gravitas to such a foolish degree he takes himself right out of the movie's fantastical ambiance.
Manages to be — yes — sweet and sincere without ever tipping over either into saccharine schmaltz on the one hand or grossout territory on the other.
Lars and the Real Girl shares the optimism and sense of community of gems like The Station Agent, You Can Count on Me and Junebug.
There are a million ways this film could go wrong, and it succumbs to none of them.
Every scene that could be played for pathos uncorks great laughs, while those that could turn crass or silly are compassionate. On every level, this is a labor of love.
Sweet, moving and heartfelt aren't necessarily the first words that come to mind when describing the tender tale of a young man and his sex doll, yet all three apply to Lars and the Real Girl.
Director Gillespie and screenwriter Nancy Oliver keep the tone pretty light for about the first two-thirds of the film, though it does take a rather dramatic turn toward the end. And for the most part, it works.
While occasional moments are as sweet as they're meant to be, most of the movie is as fake and awkward as Bianca herself.
Tender, thoughtful and distinctive.
Often howlingly funny, and the actors are a treat.
The movie is convinced that its man-loves-mannequin premise is uplifting, when actually it's just kinda gross.
There are some pretty nice moments here -- it's good to see Gosling take a role that doesn't ask him to be a genius or a maniac, and that gives him a different look.
Great for a few laughs, but a little to drawn out.
Gosling has deservedly won big buzz for his sensitive and humane portrayal of Lars, never playing him with the slightest wink and hence making his journey all the more affecting.
The snowy, bleakish start of Lars and the Real Girl doesn't quite prepare you for the strained winsomeness and warmth that follow.
Gosling's performance is a small miracle, not only because he's so completely open as a man who's essentially shut off, but because he changes and grows so imperceptibly before our eyes.
Almost impossibly sweet, a tale of love and kindness that's funny without being snarky.
It's a premise as fanciful as Jimmy Stewart's Harvey, and yet the movie has a sweetness that manages to be pixilated and plausible at the same time.
One could be led to expect something arch and knowing, but the film is anything but that. It's an emotionally invested movie about loneliness and the lingering scars of early trauma.
Only after the movie is over do you realize what a balancing act it was, what risks it took, what rewards it contains.
Lars and the Real Girl is poised on the line between earnestness and farce.
It's nothing less than a miracle that the director, Craig Gillespie, and the writer, Nancy Oliver, have been able to make such an endearing, intelligent and tender comedy from a premise that, in other hands, might sustain a five-minute sketch on TV.
...somehow finds just the right tone - two parts empathy, one part goofiness and not a trace of derision.
The central gimmick of the film remains just that -- a gimmick -- as genuine emotion gives way to shaggy-dog shtick.
It may well be the finest, strangest and most emotional romantic comedy-drama to come along since "Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind."
... a sweet little comedy, as easygoing and warmly innocuous as the benign irony of the title
You'll pardon me if I feeling like urping just a tiny bit at screenwriter Nancy Oliver's blend of pathos and heartland condescension.
Even [Gosling] canâ(TM)t guide us to the pulse within this pat material, and you have to keep reminding yourself which of the title characters is the plastic one.
Erupting with compassion and humanity.
I didn't connect with it.
There are so many ways this movie could have gone wrong that it's a minor miracle it never flies off the rails...sweetly quirky, warmly funny and even touching.
Thanks to grounded performances from its top-notch cast, Lars overcomes an ultra-quirky premise and develops into a thoughtful, albeit unusual, romance.
This movie is either a cautionary tale or my potential future biography. I'm just kidding, I'll never be able to afford one of those dolls.
There's nothing particularly 'real' about Lars And The Real Girl, just a couple layers of quirk several stops removed from the world as we know it.
...There's something fundamentally hollow about a film whose main character is entirely defined by his dysfunction and whose supporting characters exist only to enable it.
Comic and moving (without being overly sentimental) and completely unique, Lars and the Real Girl is one of the best times anyone will have at the movies this year.
Directed with patient, low-key sensitivity, it never goes for a cheap laugh at its protagonist's expense.
Lars is played by the endlessly fascinating Ryan Gosling, who perhaps has too much of a taste for damaged characters, but manages the tricky task of both playing Lars' feelings and hinting at their motivations.
The script by Six Feet Under writer Nancy Oliver eschews cheap laughs for character-driven humanist comedy.
Working with a doll can't be easy, but Gosling actually makes it feel emotionally real.
This is a film whose daring and delicate blend of apparent irreconcilables will sweep you off your feet if you're not careful.
It's a crazy situation and utterly unbelievable, yet no movie I've seen in ages has inspired me more to want to do the right thing.
It's the real deal. A whimsical, funny, moving film. Gosling is no less than astounding in the surprise movie comedy treat of the year.
Pretty touching and kindhearted...for a movie about a guy in love with a sex doll.
It helps immensely that Oliver's script is a minor revelation. The author refuses to take the easy way out but, just as importantly, she also refuses to treat her characters as anything other than real flesh and blood human beings.
... emotionally richer and more tasteful than one could imagine, given the tawdriness of the concept. It's an impressive triumph over yechhh.
Lars and the Real Girl is part comedy, part tragedy and 100 percent pure calculation.
What's interesting is the way that what begins as a joke -- the denizens of Lars' sleepy northern town being forced to treat Bianca as a human being -- ends up at the heart of the film.
The final moment of the film is a shining light of hope that most romantic comedies would kill to craft a fantasy around.
Never hits the emotional marks it needs to.
Lars and the Real Girl is a tenderly observed and affecting Capra-esque fable that is well-acted and gently funny.
Lars and the Real Girl is a true original. It has drama, marvelous humor and its characters show genuine care for their delusional native son.
...bilious, ludicrous, and irresponsible.
Before you recoil in horror at the apparent grossness of yet another Hollywood high concept, you need to know that Lars and the Real Girl is anything but an exploitation film.
The cast of Gosling, Schneider, Mortimer and Patricia Clarkson as Lars' doctor is more perfect than anything you can order on the Internet.
How painful to watch Ryan Gosling, one of the most elastic actors of his generation, smirk and gawp and grimace his way through Craig Gillespie's smarmy little number.
What's remarkable about Lars and the Real Girl is the tightrope that [screenwriter Nancy] Oliver finesses, aided by her director and winning cast, between improbability and reality, edgy absurdist humor and melting tenderness. It's a tonic.
Lars and the Real Girl is an SNL sketch reconfigured as quirky-corny Sundance pap.
Will no one talk to Lars honestly about the pitfalls of dating a golem?
Gillespie's sophomore outing seems destined to be perceived as his true emergence as an artist.
The idea is original, the story is sweet, but repetition sets in making it difficult to bond with Ryan Gosling's bland, introverted character for long.
Through small gestures and bold choices, [Gosling's] created a character you begin feeling sorry for and end up rooting for and almost envying, simply because he's found something (someone?) that makes him feel whole and alive.
Lars and the Real Girl is an example of how even the most ridiculous premise can be used to construct a smart, touching motion picture.
What could have been cloying or absurd is instead endearing, even if the film is somewhat too long for its conceit.
It goes from really quite amusing to a film that starts moving towards a simple grace that touches greatness.
A timely reminder that love stories don't have to be crass or contrived to succeed, even if one of the star-crossed lovers is entirely artificial.
Happily devoid of humor based on ridicule, it achieves almost excruciating concern and sympathy in an entirely stand-alone expression of romantic comedy.
A sweet film brought to life by excellent performers, Lars and the Real Girl makes for a very soothing time at the movies.
One of the year's pleasant surprises, an offbeat lyrical fable about the coming of age of a painfully shy guy, splendidly played by Gosling; it's shocking to realize that this gentle dramedy is helmed by Gillespie, who helmed the dreadful Mr. Woodcock.
Lars might at first sound like a movie you wouldn't want your kids to see, but it has a heart of gold.
A truly warm and wonderful film that work by using simpler storytelling to explore very deep human emotions.
Gosling once again shows his range and ability to pick quality projects in this sweet little script from Six Feet Under scribe Nancy Oliver.
Tenderly depicting his characters' human foibles with low-key visual humor, Gillespie never condescends or goes for an easy joke.
...the viewer can't help but feel sorry for Lars...






@highlight

Lars and the Real Girl could've so easily been a one-joke movie. But the talented cast, a great script, and direction never condescends to its character or the audience.