Disney is continuing its winning streak.
Frozen is a tour de force, not because of exceptional performances by the actors, but rather the outstanding directing of Adam Green, who also wrote the script. The script gave Green a limited area within which to work, and he carried it off superbly.
Overall, it's a one note premise, where the characters, stuck up on a lift, have nowhere to go and quite fittingly the movie in turn, goes nowhere.
You'll definitely recall this freezing flick the next time you go skiing. For the next 15 years or so.
Reinterpretation of The Snow Queen, Hans Christian Andersen's classic fairytale as an animated, female empowerment musical.
Energy thaws kid-friendly Frozen
Green avoids Hatchet's corny clichés and totally redeems himself with a harrowing portrait of humans at the mercy of the great outdoors.
Characters possess serious lack of thinking ability and survival skills. Even when it comes to stuff like zipping up their coats all the way.
Adam Green's fun 2006 horror film Hatchet revelled in the art of self-aware pastiche, but it is in his second major work that he has found a legitimately great concept out of which to wring more nuanced thrills.
The parts of the film that work are flat-out fantastic. There just aren't enough of them.
Like Jack London's 'To Build a Fire,' this is an exercise in extracting suspense from the circumstances of a harsh wintry environment and a bad situation rather than imposing danger in the form of an outside (and potentially vanquishable) foe.
Green?s nifty framing, dawning-dread pacing, and fixation on corporeal deterioration proves sturdy.
The characters, situation, and dialogue are stretched a bit thin.
While making the occasional narrative misstep, this is effective low-budget filmmaking, and undoubtedly a notch better than what usually passes as suspense these days.
The movie has a good flow, and it understands how to generate thrills, but the characters, situation and dialogue are stretched a bit thin.
Green orchestrates all this with some skill but not too much gore. A minor tour de force.
However much fun it is to watch, it's a lot more fun to pull it apart afterwards.
Sustains interest and tension with some inventive plotting and gratuitous misfortune, aided by a cast convincingly scared witless, even if their characters left me, well, rather cold.
Armed with an appealingly pared-down premise, Frozen effectively establishes itself as one of the best horror films of its kind to come around since Open Water.
Impressively directed and genuinely suspenseful, this is a hugely entertaining thriller with a superb script and terrific performances from its three leads.
This minimalist thriller offers the same endurance-test nightmare as Open Water, only here the imperilled characters are marooned on a mountain, and wolves substitute for the sharks.
Fiendish, sweaty and tense as hell. One to watch through the fingers.
With believable characters, a real sense of terror and that terrific whatwould-you-do? plot, Frozen works on every level. A proper chiller.
The taut set-up is enjoyable all by itself, but it's the rising tide of three-way recriminations and despair that gives this film emotional clout.
It's a stunt film that only just overcomes the challenge it's set itself.
Three teenagers stranded on a ski lift doesn't sound like the most enthralling concept for a thriller, but writer/director Adam Green (Hatchet) takes the idea to nail-chomping heights.
Green choreographs the dangling trio from a multitude of intriguing angles, showing a keen eye for moody menace and compelling gruesomeness.
Taut and tense, it's an effective suspence-horror.
Adam Green's taut, toe-curling survival thriller is better than it should be: the concept and the characters' behaviour are mostly plausible, the script is dark and funny, the acting is adequate, and the wildlife scenes are convincing.
With a better-than-average script and performances, there are a couple of startling moments and good use of just one location.
The amount of preposterous coincidences that lead to the precarious predicament of the three muppets and their continued suffering also robs Frozen of any remote credibility.
What would you do, suspended 40 feet above hard-packed snow, with only the wolves for company if you dare to jump?
Characters are expertly manoeuvred to their various fates with an emotional wallop that offsets the flashes of blood and gore the director allows.
A film that's nearly a masterpiece and one that will not send you off with a giggle or a grin believing in the power of the human spirit...
Considerando a premissa limitada, o diretor Adam Green merece aplausos por manter certo ritmo na narrativa apesar da falta de inteligência de seus personagens.
Perfect movie to enjoy with friends, not because it's too frightening to see solo, but because it evokes a WTF/OMG reaction that's awkward to share that with a stranger.
It takes an extraordinary amount of patience to tolerate this picture, and an even greater suppression of basic survival logic to enjoy it.
There's not enough here for 90 minutes.
Both the audience and the characters are stuck in their chairs waiting and waiting and waiting and...
"Frozen" is a suspense thriller that's better than it deserves to be, but still not as good as it should be.
Preposterous by the end, but Green provides enough formal polish to the film to make it at least partially engaging.
February or not, Frozen already has a reserved spot as one of the year's best pictures.
Frozen proves you don't need serial killers or supernatural shocks to keep us entertained. Man vs. Mother Nature will suffice.
Frozen is good for five minutes of "What would you do if?" games. Then it's just stiff as a board.
A stuck chairlift just doesn't exert the same primal terror as a roiling sea, and to make up the difference, Green would need a better cast and sharper dialogue than he has here.
Most popsicles have more layers than the characters in Frozen.
In those moments when we (and the characters) are paralyzed between bad decisions, we're as stiff with tension as an icicle.
Another date movie-horror flick designed to scare tentative couples into each other's arms.
Tthe script is clunky, the acting strained. Too bad. Underlying the life-and-death thriller are notions about the ways coupledom changes and challenges friendships.
It is a simple story but one that director Green handles well for the bulk of the film, only falling flat in the finale.
Allows one to hold out hope for what Green does next. Perhaps next time he'll make it up the mountain instead of getting halfway there.
Frozen features a persuasive performance by Shawn Ashmore as one of the bratty skiers and plenty of evidence that, in the long term, trying to skip out on lift tickets is not a good plan.
The performances and what passes for dialogue -- mostly extended bickering and screaming -- are so lackluster that it's hard to care about the fate of this trio for long.
Green ably creates the tension of expected and inevitable consequences...forcing the audience to imagine how difficult it would be to survive.
Taking a dramatic turn from the slasher hilarity of his breakthrough feature Hatchet, writer/director Green plays it straight with a script that has the virtue of simplicity.
Adam Green's Frozen explores a tiny idea exhaustively, and I mean exhaustively.
A nifty little chiller that balances its cold terrain with an unexpectedly warm heart.
The threesome's constant conversation amid the building unease helps establish them as characters with which the audience can identify.
Will Adam Green make a great, iconic movie eventually? In time, perhaps. I don't think we do him any favors to claim he already has...but I will say that FROZEN is a step in the right direction.
don't plan on taking any ski trips afterwards
The brain is far more afraid of the possible than the impossible, and Green knows this
Green's minimalist setting and conflict put everything under a microscope. The contrivances, while minor in a different situation, are relatively huge here.
It wants to be a real chiller, but comes out curiously lukewarm.
I'd be more up in arms about the lapses in logic if I felt the film were more deserving of my passions.
The film moves along, in its paradoxically static way, at a pretty fair clip. I look forward to Green's follow-up.
The excess of conversation never succeeds at humor, but it does make us hate the characters, whose speech seems to have just two modes: bickering and whining.
What makes Frozen really work is the way that the characters react to their predicament.
An entertaining, suspense-filled, sometimes wonderfully grotesque little scarefest.
I seriously doubt I will cavalierly take to a ski lift ever again.
All three of the leads are very good.
Green also has some excellent ideas about how to torment his characters.
I love the straightforward gall of Frozen. Here's a horror film that's confident enough to abandon superficial scares in favor of a far more insidious, intellectual concept
starts off really well, but just as the characters' first action to save themselves is abrupt, so too is the ending, which does little but repeat what has come before and tack on yet another horror ending cliche.
Where are the flying Saint Bernards when you really need them?
Most of the movie consists of petty bickering between the characters. And screenwriter/director Adam Green's dialogue in these scenes in awful.
Frozen has its work cut out for it, since the main characters are so annoying you initially pray for an avalanche to just get it over with.
Green definitely knows his way around a suspense sequence, but he needs to find a way to work those sequences into a movie that has its own organic life, and isn't so... well, please refer back to the title.
An unremarkable addition to the 'Jeez, hope that doesn't happen to me' genre.
This chilly thriller from Adam Green (Hatchet) starts with a nifty premise and goes nowhere from there.
Perhaps it's because the wind chill as I write is minus-11 degrees, but this just isn't entertainment I can warm up to.
Calm and jaded as I am, I was left so paralyzed with terror by this movie that I chewed a whole pencil in half watching it.
Green also can't maintain the suspension of disbelief necessary as we watch three charmlessly written characters bicker and attempt inane ideas.
These three are so dull the story might have had more spark and tension had Green stranded three strangers aloft on a frozen chairlift.
Since the plot literally has nowhere to go, Frozen is basically a waiting game.
Frozen is horrifying and brutal at times but without ever losing sight of important things like creating characters you really care about whether they live or die.
With a different set of shivers sent up and down collective audience spines, you're there in that chairlift with those doomed humans whether you like it or not, dying every inch of the way with them.
McKoen shows an evocative, emotional style with her first feature, which grows from an internalised, psychological drama into a thriller without ever kicking into a higher gear.
It's the audience which may be left feeing stranded by the film's wobbly characterizations and drawn-out drama.
Frozen delivers enough thrills and gory chills to satisfy the horror film crowd, but is not written, directed or acted well enough to be a first-rate thriller.
Writer-director Adam Green effectively blends the acrophobic setup with the attendant psychological dimensions and the actors give credible performances.
Frozen is quite simply terrifying. It will do for skiing what Jaws did for swimming.
[Writer/director Adam] Green has crafted a potent combination of absolute terror and compelling human drama that will stick with you long after you've left the theatre or turned off the DVD.


@highlight

Writer/director Adam Green has the beginnings of an inventive, frightening yarn in Frozen , but neither the script nor the cast are quite strong enough to truly do it justice.