Mills, a former music video director, writes and directs with subtle clarity, bringing a refreshing sensibility to the archetypical tale in which a displaced teen comes of age in a confusing and banal environment.
Many films portray teens as Frankenstein monsters bolted together by peer pressure and prescription drugs. "Thumbsucker" bests most of them by avoiding fingers wagged in caution and addressing the opportunity costs of adolescence and adulthood.
So unexciting that it almost made me want to suck my thumb or whatever to get over sitting through such a heavy going and dull film.
Everything. Came. Together. Beautifully.
Here, adolescence is a pandemic condition, a metaphor for the endless human struggle to become comfortable in one's own skin, blemishes and all.
Bonus points are awarded for the soundtrack by Tim Delaughter and many of his compatriots from the Polyphonic Spree.
The result is sensitive, intelligent and deeply affecting.
Unlike so many movies in which a character changes in order to propel the plot forward, this one stops to follow up on the consequences of those changes.
Mills delivers here a rather original first feature, even though it follows the steps of other tales of teenage alienation.
Picking pages from a novel and expecting the selection to make up an engaging and involving screenplay is highly optimistic. It is possibly exciting for actors and the director, but it doesn't work for the audience.
Like Justin, Mills struggles to make his point, but even so, this is a tender portrait of teenhood.
[Pucci] has an extremely unusual face, which, in addition to bearing a strong resemblance to Tilda Swinton, allows him to carry off both deadpan comedy and serious moments with equal aplomb.
Its great strength lies in its characters, all of whom are constantly surprising the viewer by not being what they seem.
The way Mills gives every character the chance to surprise us turns what could have been just another tale of teen suburban angst into something special.
Thumbsucker has something to say, and (Mike) Mills is tough enough and skilled enough to articulate the raw emotions of troubled youth.
Finding Your Own Inner Animal
Thumbsucker has plenty of bite.
Odd and tedious
How many breakthrough films like this can there be? And why do they all preach that being different is OK while being so derivative of one another?
In its own sneaky way, the film cleverly manages to examine the meaning of loneliness while looking at dysfunctional-family dynamics, but without becoming too overwhelming or too heavy-handed.
A tender but glib coming-of-age journey.
Thumbsucker is a minor-key but satisfying dramedy about a high school misfit who takes solace in his, well, thumb.
Thumbs down.
'Quirky' doesn't begin to describe this eccentric and funny dip into the bizarro-world psyche of adolescence, marked by neck-breaking turns of character in teenagers and adults alike.
It's hardly a profound insight, but the film is well-executed and well-acted and therefore recommended, thumbs and all.
So no one would argue that Thumbsucker sucks. But the thing does seem just so indie-movie familiar.
Given a little less angst and little more insight by director Mike Mills, Thumbsucker would warrant a thumbs up.
Mike Mills applies a candy-colored viewpoint to Walter Kirn's novel of teen angst.
Another of the sensitive adolescent males who infest recent American independent cinema like so many epicene dust mites...
A slow, deliberative but interesting trip into our overstimulated and overmedicated society through the eyes of a teenage slacker who can't stop sucking his thumb.
...displays a light hand and great taste in music
Thumbsucker proves to be less about breaking new ground than about telling an oft-told story well.
By keeping his ambitions in check, Mills may not have reached something profound, but he's done one better: He's reached something real.
It's a great title. It screams "Look at me! I'm quirky!" But the movie has no substance.
Fittingly, each character has, if not a story to tell, then a story arc, and with it a chance to change, to heal and to come of age.
Has all the structure and focus of a study-hall notebook-paper doodle.
Thumbsucker continues the tiresome trend of medicated-teen, clueless-adults dramas that are currently flooding the market.
One thing's for sure, of all the things a person can think to say about this movie one they certainly can't, title to the contrary, is that it sucks.
As it stands, the film is perhaps a tad low-key to catch the eye, but it's carefully enough made and, especially, acted, to keep a hold on the brain and heart long after it's over.
Mills, who hails from the world of music videos and TV commercials, has surrounded Pucci with a superlative group of actors, all of whom are in tune with his quiet, low-key approach to humor.
Brave, funny leap into the abyss of adolescence.
Mills makes his debut in impressive fashion, which means he finds a nice tone with which to take us on this familiar but ultimately rewarding ride.
A gently stirring symphony about emotional transition filled with lovely musical passages and softly nuanced performances.
Quiet, quirky gem.
The actors, under the detail-oriented direction of Mike Mills, give vivid performances.
The transformation from slacker to overachiever to something else is sort of like a train wreck. Horrible, but you can't take your eyes off it.
This is a well-acted and reasonably intelligent stab at the genre that scores its points by given viewers something to think about instead of simply parroting tired cliches.
Mills can compose and hold an image, has a gift for sly pacing and mood seepage, and seems a hipster aware of how melancholy and absurdity correspond.
Although often amusing, Thumbsucker lacks the necessary bite.
Mills, working from a novel by Walter Kirn, brings some unusual touches to a film that could easily have become a standard indie coming-of-age tale.
...never fully crosses over into a teen drama from the adults' point of view, but its few variations are rewarding enough.
As Thumbsucker settles down into a parable about drug use and finally a standard-issue coming-of-age tale, this same contemplative tempo turns into a dreary trudge.
Pucci communicates both the physical and intellectual awkwardness of a perceptive teenager who has difficulty communicating his ideas and feelings to others.
A smart, funny, sometimes lovely little film.
I have focused on Justin, but really the movie is equally about the adult characters, who all seem to have lacked adequate parenting themselves. We talk about the tragedy of children giving birth to children; maybe that can happen at any age.
[O]ne of the funniest, most melancholy, and ultimately touching films I've seen recently.
The film itself could stand an extra dose or two of something special; what it achieves falls far short of what it aims for.
There simply isn't much heart left in this pursuit, this punching of holes into the fa?e of planned communities and their plastic citizenry.
The captivating matter of the opposable digit is lost among a plethora of intriguing plot points without resolution.
The movie never reaches much of a dramatic climax, but there are many surprises on the way to nowhere, and Mills's refusal to rush brings out the humor and the hidden tensions in material.
[Vaughn is] playing a different role here and I thought it was a really strong performance.
Suggests...maybe there is something terribly wrong in our nation where everyone ends up needing to be addicted to something.
It makes you feel better about any peculiar habits you might be hanging onto from childhood, and it entertains you at the same time.
Mike Mills' completely absorbing and unique film Thumbsucker is one of the best films I saw at Sundance this year.
[A]chingly poignant and pointedly hilarious...
Mike Mills shows an inventive vision and a talent for creating an eclectic mix of comedy and drama.
Thumbsucker works, in part due to the strength of Lou Pucci's superb lead performance.
The film's underlying notion, that imperfection is the essence of humanity and the pursuit of bland flawlessness a kind of soul-killing drug, is far more compelling than its story of clichéd teen angst.
Thumbsucker is not always comfortable, but it is terrific, a phenomenal debut.
While it isn't a pioneering piece of filmmaking, Thumbsucker travels a familiar path in an engaging way, bolstered by a heady cast and smart, unsparing writing.
Respectful performances are given by all, with Pucci the standout. But the actors can't escape the confines of the warmed-over, coming-of-age-in-suburbia script.
A quirky coming-of-age tale where just about every character is going through some sort of change.
The quintessential misadapted head-scratcher.
The story lets the viewers down by suggesting that Justin's success is somehow tainted because he is taking his prescribed medication.
Kirn's sharp-tongued novel would suggest an Alexander Payne film rife with arch satire, but Mills ultimately goes for a more deeply affecting emotional study.
We're totally sucked in.
The cast renders the silly human, and the script is sad, and funny, and real without being real.
With a brilliant script, sure direction and amazing performances, indie comedy Thumbsucker is one of the year's top 10.
these skills and cast would have been better served in a story of just slightly more import
Thumbsucker aims high but swerves too frequently between the engaging and the credibility-defying to be satisfying.
Mike Mills's feature-film debut manages to show how calamitous and out of control (and also how thrilling) growing up odd and ordinary can be.
In adapting Walter Kirn's novel, Mills has made a thoughtful study of our collective search for magic pills and other panaceas.
'Thumbsucker' sidesteps the gritty reality of dependency and pharmaceuticals.
Thumbsucker boasts a strong character arc, some nice performances, and an understated message about the overprescribing of drugs to American youths.
The film isn't nearly as witty as its source.
Comes across like a Lifetime movie with attitude--and a much better cast than that network's usual list of TV has-beens.
Endearing and well-acted.
A quirky coming-of-age film about a confused adolescent and his parents who are experiencing their own mid-life crisis.
This is a thoughtful, entertaining "Catcher in the Rye" type movie with an exceptional cast, good script, and lousy title.
Pucci is an actor to watch: He rides this spellbinder without softening the truths that plague the thumbsucker in all of us.
One can see the sequel now: Bed Wetter.
...emphasizes quirkiness to an almost infuriating extent.
On the precipice of credibility, the film isn't helped by an actor who is as low wattage as Pucci.
It suffers from the same shortcomings as Chumscrubber, where realism seems to come second to zingers.
Indulges in the notion that those living outside the big city are socially and psychologically maladjusted morons.
Other than moments here and there, drama is sorely lacking.
Film critics can breathe easy. This fine pic with a first-time director and unknown lead posits that it's OK to be weird.
An impressive debut for Mills, who knows exactly what to do with his extremely strong cast.
A welcome take on the timeless tale of growing up.
A worthy addition to the growing subgenre of seventies-influenced coming of age films. Linus van Pelt would approve.
What at first looks like a standard if well-crafted tour through familiar coming-of-age territory takes some interesting detours.
If it sometimes overdoes its indie-film quirkiness, it ultimately makes up for it with real depth and laugh-out-loud comedy.
Has the gentle off-kilter charm of early Cameron Crowe; Pucci's performance evokes early River Phoenix or Leo DiCaprio. Polyphonic Spree's harmonies are like choral hydrate.
Thumbsucker is accomplished in almost every respect...The direction is taut and inventive, while the script manages that rare trick of being both intelligent and funny.
Thumbsucker is much more than a poignant coming-of-age tale, it addresses the existential fears and emotional doubts of both parents and children.











@highlight

Though quirky coming-of-age themes are common in indie films, this one boasts a smart script and a great cast.