For those interested in crime procedurals, Whitey offers a compelling - and admirably comprehensive - look at the fraught dynamics within and between federal agencies.
Dense thickets of information, told via rostrum-shot photos and documents plus angry mob's worth of witnesses, become a grind after a while, as does the trite guitar-led mystery music.
A thematic companion to Berlinger's 'Paradise Lost' trilogy, 'Whitey' is less a portrait of the 'hands-on killer who ran amok in the city of Boston for almost 30 years' than an expose of the misdeeds of law enforcement...
With minimal conspiratorial bluster, Berlinger unmasks the compliant faces of evil.
A hard-hitting and for the most part crisply told crime exposé documentary on the legendary ruthless South Boston mob boss Whitey Bulger.
To produce a documentary about a trial in which there are no cameras in the courtroom, and there's zero access to the man on trial, is quite a challenge. Challenge accepted- this is a standout doc.
This documentary film is a real eye-opener. It turns out that corruption in all three branches of the federal government, legislative, administrative and judicial, is far worse than I thought it was.
Whitey: United States of America vs. James J. Bulger would have been a more engrossing film had it picked one angle and pursued it.
Within the confines of an under-two-hours running time ... Berlinger does an impressive job of keeping the film coherent and often fascinating.
It's a fascinating, and troubling, two hours.
In this movie, corruption is rife on both sides of the blue line.
With a large cast of wise guys, reporters, ex-cops, victims and lawyers, lawyers, lawyers, it's like five seasons of The Wire distilled into one epic episode.
Joe Berlinger's documentary 'Whitey' is so hard-hitting and compelling, you can't take your eyes off the screen.
Joe Berlinger's densely detailed new documentary about the legendary Boston mobster is disturbing on so many levels it's hard not to wonder why Bulger was the only one on trial.
"Whitey: United States of America v. James J. Bulger" takes all of our accumulated experience of places like "Southie" and makes it real. Terrifyingly, frustratingly real.
Whitey: United States of America vs. James J. Bulger is the equivalent of a gripping true-crime "read."
Soberly shifts emphasis to collateral damage and police corruption even as colorful characters with rich Boston accents and their crimes almost overwhelm the larger story.
It's a complex case and Berlinger isn't always successful in keeping the story clear.
Even for those familiar with Bulger's story, Berlinger offers some new angles amid his thorough yet straightforward approach.
Complicated beyond imagining, and, in the end, a genuine shocker.
Berlinger knows his stuff, and that understanding is reflected in the film, but the filmmaker ultimately dilutes his personal pursuit of justice for the FBI's transgressions by inviting us to feel bad for Boston's most notorious boogeyman.
An informative yet unfocused study of murder and corruption...'Whitey' never quite coheres or fully expresses what exactly it wants to illuminate about any of these subjects.
At times 'Whitey' plays like David Fincher's 'Zodiac': a mass of dead ends and bureaucratic incompetence that makes you wonder how justice is ever achieved, if at all.
[A] fascinating, expertly crafted film ...
[It] leaves us wanting more - more on Bulger's childhood, more on the Irish gangs, more on the awful crimes themselves.
"Whitey" emerges as yet another of Berlinger's gripping, irony-laced snapshots of the American criminal justice system ...
...it's as if Joe Berlinger was sidetracked from delving into Whitey Bulger's crimes for a greater goal, offering up only a distracted and stretched-thin story in its place.
Gripping and troubling ...
While "Whitey" will have direct appeal to us in the Boston area, it is a documentary of importance to the rest of the country, too.
Every subject in the doc has a stake in the case and they each yell their truth to the sky, with the certitude of somebody whose next meal depends on being heard the loudest.
Berlinger's work has revealed the warped wheels of the American justice system before, garnering a groundswell of support for the West Memphis Three. With "Whitey," he's casting an ever wider net.
Bulger remains frustratingly opaque.
In every frame of the film, Berlinger's heart goes out to the victims and their survivors.
By the end of the film, it can't help but read as another of Bulger's self-mythologizing claims that once made him a false Robin Hood for Southie.
Fascinating and frightening.
The journalism is comprehensive, the scope admirably large. Those who can keep up will learn plenty about how a major, high-profile case proceeds.
It seems too enamored with the seductive notion of an honorable criminal, too ready to take Bulger's justifications as actual indications of his relative innocence.
As this dense and ultimately frustrating documentary shows, Bulger is not only unrepentant, but claims he did not have a fair trial due to widespread government corruption.
Berlinger needs to give his heavy-metal backdrop music a rest, but this is still one of his most ambitious films, vibrating with the same municipal unease as Chinatown.
Bulger himself doesn't appear, of course; at age 84, he's currently serving two consecutive life terms, plus five years. Somehow, it just doesn't seem long enough.
Berlinger may be our premier true-crime documentarian (though he has many other arrows in his quiver)...a crisp (if dense) examination of a shameful and tragic story.
It's a compelling story. Trouble is, it isn't a terribly visual story, and this documentary doesn't serve it nearly as well as a book or lengthy article would.
Compelling, if understandably confusing plunge into the murky, slippery circumstances surrounding the criminal case of Boston's most infamous mobster
Joe Berlinger covers all the angles quite well in Whitey: United States of America v. James J. Bulger, a straight-forward court case documentary.
If the best crime documentary is meant to be more provocative than polemical, if it is to be a film that articulates rather than advocates, than Berlinger's Whitey just may be one of the best.
...what makes Joe Berlinger's riveting new true crime doc Whitey such an eye-opener is that it isn't just about a bad guy who did bad things, but the layers of corruption and moral ambiguity that stacked up on both side of the law.

@highlight

An admirable yet incomplete effort to cover a sprawling subject, Whitey: United States of America v. James J. Bulger will leave viewers wanting more -- in good ways as well as bad.