It's cliched, boring, and anticlimactic.
So generic, so lazy, and so forgettable they may as well have "we're not even trying" plastered across the bottom of the screen.
It replaces the fascinating context of Freddie Krueger's existence with a seemingly endless exercise in violence and unrelenting pain.
The real nightmare is the tragic lack of creativity in this new look of one of the genre's greatest characters.
I still like the characters from the first film, and these kids were cardboard shadows of them.
This Elm Street reeks of a rushed cash-grab, as even the most reliable of clichéd shocks fail to register on the fright-o-meter.
This flimsy remake is a nightmare and unworthy of your time.
Many people have already made the mistake of holding this film up to the original, expecting it to be just as good, but it just isn't. However, taken on its own, it's still an entertaining horror film and an interesting take on the material.
An homage to Craven's vision that is believably earnest in execution and completely faithful in spirit.
Mara and Gallner make an attractive couple on the lam and Haley, as Freddy Krueger, hams it up to an almost alarming degree.
Haley offers a darker, meaner take on the iconic character.
I did jump a few times, and I liked Haley's dour malevolence, but overall, the new Nightmare on Elm Street is a by-the-numbers bad dream.
There's really no reason to see this dreadful picture; better to rent the 1984 feature.
Freddy's back -- and he's slicker and more sinister than ever.
For fans of the Nightmare franchise, and slasher films in general, the new version does exactly what you want and not much more.
This is even less inspired and imaginative than the Friday The 13th reboot and makes Rob Zombie's Halloween films feel like the work of an auteur.
For a film about the dangers of falling asleep it tried damn hard to make the audience nod off.
Like many horror fans, I approached viewing the recent remake of the post-slasher classic with extremely low expectations. Not low enough, though!
Freddy can never really die, even if Hollywood beats him like a dead horse.
...it has nothing new to say and works with an original that didn't need remaking.
Ultimately, the remake plays out more like the parade of increasingly daft sequels that milked the last drop of blood out of the Krueger franchise.
full review at Movies for the Masses
Haley just ain't no Englund, no matter how much he tries.
In this outing, however, Wesley Strick and Eric Heisserer's screenplay pulls no punches about Freddy's vicious sadism and paedophilia and, seriously, there's no fun in that.
Lo%u0161e odra%u0111ena indigo-kopija originala, od strane ne ba%u0161 iskusnog videospota%u0161a Samuela Bayera
An expectedly worthless horror-movie remake from Michael Bay's production company...
Compared to the flamboyance of Robert Englund in the 1980s, Jackie Earle Haley as the crazed Freddy Krueger is more lumbering man-child than demonic daddy.
This trip to Elm Street will give you nightmares, but not the kind they anticipated.
This is the worst yet from Michael Bay's horror production company Platinum Dunes, which also brought you rubbish re-makes of Halloween and Friday the 13th.
Only a NIGHTMARE for fans of the franchise.
Is there any movie franchise that cries out less for revisiting than A Nightmare on Elm Street?
It's not a good film, but if you're feeling jaded and just want to watch a demonic killer pound his fist through the chest of some hapless, cardboard teenager, then this might just scratch that itch.
Do not, let me repeat that, DO NOT, watch the new A Nightmare on Elm Street.
After giving a great performance in "Watchmen," what was Jackie Earle Haley doing in this film, besides making a buck or two? Extremely disappointing remake and creepier than the original, but not in a good way. Paul Chambers, CNN.
It's the Bay touch you feel in the way actors register as body count, characters go undeveloped, and sensation trumps feeling. A nightmare, indeed.
its primary effect is to leave you less thrilled than simply asking what's the point in remaking something if you can't improve on the original?
To call the film patterned to fit would be a blazing understatement.
A recurring Nightmare.
A bland, unncessary return to Freddyland
It's all efficiently done and gory but director Samuel Bayer adds so little to the old familiar scare story that you wonder why they didn't just save a bob or two and reissue the Robert Englund original.
Though no worse than the raft of terrible Elm Street sequels, this remake misses some of the surreal and anarchic low-budget energy Craven brought to his film (not to mention Johnny Depp).
The nightmare on Elm Street is not how scary (or not) the film is, but how it destroys the franchise.
Photocopies much of Wes Craven's original 1984 classic, but makes senseless changes that destroy the story's night-terror integrity.
A film that shows they're not even attempting creativity because with horror fans lowering their standards more and more, why should they even try?
Caso existisse, Freddy Krueger poderia usar este filme como um ótimo recurso para levar suas vítimas ao sono.
The bottom line is that it isn't just Elm Street that's affected; you'll find a nightmare on any street that's housing a theater with the misfortune to be playing this monstrosity.
We watch a bunch of twentysomething catalog-model types with last names for first names impersonate high schoolers who keep getting slashed up in their dreams.
The idea that repressed or concealed knowledge of child abuse can emerge years later to traumatize victims and family members has rarely had more currency, but this slack remake is neither persuasive nor scary.
Does it matter that the plot is little more than a cynical, machine-tooled retread of the 1984 original? Debut director Samuel Bayer was not hired to dismantle the franchise but to shoot it afresh.
Complete lack of imagination.
Unadventurous, devoid of personality and completely lacking any semblance of imagination, Samuel Bayer's new Nightmare is a textbook exercise straight out of generic horror remakes 101.
As the various teenagers fight to stay awake, you may find yourself doing exactly the same.
He's survived six sequels, a grudge match with Jason Voorhees and a terrible TV spin-off, but this remake may finally finish Freddy Krueger once and for all.
Freddy Kruger deserves better and so do we.
Where the original was joltingly inventive and disturbing, this is just second-hand fright.
The real problem with A Nightmare on Elm Street 2010 is: it's really unbelievably dull.
This is the worst yet from Michael Bay's horror production company Platinum Dunes, which also brought you rubbish re-makes of Halloween and Friday the 13th.
While Haley makes for a decent Freddy, other members of the cast kill the party.
The remake of A Nightmare On Elm Street only serves to tarnish the legacy of the original franchise, substituting any creative flair with bogstandard writing and direction.
Surely the point of any remake is to find something new in the material that brings it to a new audience. But all these filmmakers have done is rehash the groundbreaking original into another lifeless, cliche-filled slog.
It's well-made and rattles along at a fair old pace, predictably leaving the way open for another 130-odd deaths in the inevitable glut of sequels.
Whereas Wes Craven's '84 original kept you unsure as to whether you were witnessing dreams or reality, director Samuel Bayer's remake color-codes the transitions. How helpful!
Bayer's Nightmare is 95 minutes of non-stop crap dialogue, crapper acting and the crappest expositional nonsense I've seen since The Lovely Bones.
Eye-glazingly pointless and totally underwhelming.
As pointless remakes go, this is by no means the worst of them, thanks to a decent cast and a liberal use of shock and gore, though the 2010 Freddy is significantly less scary than the original.
Jackie Earle Haley's Krueger is a blast, but the child-molester twist is more depressingly clinical than dream-logic harrowing.
Let's start by naming a few things scarier than the new "A Nightmare on Elm Street" %u2013 golden retriever puppies, rainbows, chocolate chip cookies, "Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs," and flower gardens.
At least they gave Freddy a back story - that's a good thing. That it made no sense - that's a bad thing.
Haley does what's required of him--which mainly consists of growling and grimacing beneath layers of make up--but there's nothing at all memorable about his performance
The remake is a better movie than most of the later entries in the powerhouse franchise, but it's not a patch on Wes Craven's 1984 original.
Memo to Freddy: How can we miss you if you won't stay away?
What we are left with is a higher body count and a faster pace, but no tension. ...Welcome to the low-impact world of modern franchise horror pictures.
The set pieces are well created and Jackie Earle Haley does a fine job (don't forget, he's not only dealing with the character but with the knowledge that Robert Englund will always be associated with the role).
Drab leads and a lack of any sort of fevered investigative pop make this Nightmare come across like a boring, gory junior detective procedural.
The vintage teen-scream thrills, once so fresh, now seem stale.
Somewhere, Wes Craven is laughing up his sleeve, and Robert Englund is grinning. It's nice to know that you're irreplaceable.
Never has the lure of the recognizable been more obvious than in this familiar yet forgettable reboot of Wes Craven's 1980s horror franchise.
The movie takes itself way too seriously, like a Medieval Times waiter acting scared of a cell phone.
Nice try, but they probably should have just left the original Nightmare on Elm Street as is.
When producers Michael Bay, Andrew Form and Bradley Fuller go to sleep tonight, it's a safe bet that their dreams will be tormented by Wes Craven and Robert Englund sporting gloves with bladed fingers.
Haley is a solid replacement for Englund as the murderous Freddy. He is particularly effective in the scenes of Freddy's earlier life. Although his talent was put to better use in "Watchmen" this role should give him employment for years to come.
Save yourself the ticket price and buy the original on DVD and see what a true fright is.
Those who are old enough to have fond memories of the original are probably too old for this Nightmare.
This is what happens when Gossip Girl has a character with a blemish problem and a stripe-savvy fashion sense
No, it isn't necessary. But in this remake, Jackie Earle Haley does a nice job as our favorite knife-fingered terror in "A Nightmare on Elm Street."
We all know Freddy Krueger (whether we've seen this franchise or not) so we're miles ahead of these static teenage characters, and just waited for them to catch up.
On film or DVD, Freddy is terrifying for about 15 minutes %u2014 one reel tops. After the first couple of appearances and a kill or two, he is ho-hum.
Scarred by bad makeup, subpar acting and overall inept storytelling, A Nightmare on Elm Street is a bad dream for fans of the original 1984 movie or anyone who enjoys well made horror films.
It doesn't get any worser than this.
Entirely devoid of personality, music video director Samuel Bayer is unable to handle the flow of a feature film, stuttering from dream sequence to dream sequence without cohesion.
Freddy's back, in all his gory glory, but revisiting him...is less likely to inspire an attack of night terrors than to elicit a bored yawn, followed by a restful sleep...
...an unintelligible mess, as if this remake of the slasher-genre favorite is its own dismembered victim.
Mindlessly entertaining, slick and stylishly creepy albeit deficient in real surprises and visceral scares. It's a cut above the recent slew of horror remakes.
The Nightmare on Elm Street reboot has more in common with the later, lame-o sequels than with the one it is technically remaking.
Incredibly bland and unimaginative. It's slow, tedious, and kind of pretentious. Fails to answer the existential question - why do I exist?
If not for its title, and the memories it conjures up... the film wouldn't have enough of an impact to last through the end of the credits.
a Nightmare just like the ones we've seen before, which is probably why it feels more tiresome than terrifying.
To summarize this angry rant: boring, cliché, too serious and a waste of an icon.
Jackie Earle Haley is an excellent successor to the original's Robert Englund. Freddy Krueger isn't just scary again, he's the most disturbing he's ever been.
In six months' time, no one will remember this movie. When it's shuffled off to DVD, most of the copies will end up in a landfill.
Haley's Krueger doesn't just look like a deeply unhinged burn victim out for gruesome revenge, he is a complete embodiment of evil. And it's terrifying.
This is just Nightmare 9 and you can believe this is the real backstory they never told you before, not that nonsense about the three flying heads.
A Nightmare on Elm Street is a movie about people trying not to doze off. Having just watched it, I know how they feel.
Samuel Bayer's remake of Wes Craven's A Nightmare on Elm Street may be about repressed memories coming back in horrific ways, but it ironically ends up one of the least memorable films of 2010 to date.
You'd think Jackie Earle Haley as pedophile Freddy would kill. Oh, hardly.
Dream killer Freddy Krueger made a generation of moviegoers scared to fall asleep. Too bad his return to the big screen is such a snooze.
Look at it this way: At least you won't fall asleep.
Where Craven's film was campy, Bayer's movie is just plain dark.
The result of the new Nightmare is, at best, a kind of stand-off between predictability and competent execution.
Far more disturbing than entertaining.
While it's visually appealing, the new Elm Street fails to sustain momentum or create much genuine tension.
A Nightmare on Elm Street may be the most unneeded movie of the year. And that's saying something.
Traffics in overly familiar scare tactics, setting up predictable false alarms and telegraphing in advance just when Freddy will pop into the frame and utter one of his labored witticisms.
The jump scares, given a little extra oomph by the ever-looming possibility of a double wake-up, do what they're supposed to do. They make you jump.
By focusing on the monster instead of teen iniquities and daring to move past innuendo into fact, this Nightmare surpasses its predecessors to out-menace them all.
Simply put, it's not very scary, and its efforts to do right by the material forget the most basic reason for going to see films like this.
This would-be franchise reboot seems haunted by its reliance on genre conventions.
The film does have positives including a strong performance from Jackie Earle Haley but ultimately fails in delivering tension and scares.
The production isn't nearly as creepy as the original and the new invention of Freddy's secret cave is an opportunity for psychological horror squandered.
All we can think of is how much we miss the Robert Englund Freddy. Man, that guy knew how to have a killer good time.
To the audience suckered into paying to see this, here's why your generation sucks.
New Freddy, no new scares in this tepid reboot of the Nightmare on Elm Street franchise.
The not-very new Nightmare is indebted to the illogic of dreams, but determinedly dumb about using it.
This moody, lifeless movie rips off lines, scenes, dream sequences and character kills from Craven's film ... while draining them of energy, suspense and meaning.
People have dreams and either get their guts ripped out or don't get their gets ripped out. And then, after 90 or so minutes are used up, the movie finds some weak pretext for ending.
Lacks imagination, story, good acting and a reason for being.
The new Nightmare is a straight, shiny, honorable remake.
There are a lot of things wrong with this remake of A Nightmare on Elm Street, not least of which is that it was made at all.
The A Nightmare on Elm Street remake is intelligent, well-acted and great-looking. But if you want to be scared, you're out of luck.
The remake has dumbed-down its source to a genre it always transcended: the slice-and-dice, snip-and-quip gore film.
Thanks to the film's re-imagining of Freddy as accused child molester, an uncomfortable veneer of ickiness looms that makes it hard to truly enjoy...
The solid performances, stunning cinematography and visuals, and revamped and brutal Freddy make this A Nightmare on Elm Street worth checking out
The basic feeling you get out of this thing is 'been there-done that'.
One dreary jump scare after another, without a moment to breathe, show something revealing about one of its doomed teens, or deliver a single line of dialogue that isn't dully and directly on-point.
As is the case with most remakes, this one is pretty pointless.
As streamlined and as bare bones as much of this new narrative is, ironically as quickly paced as it is I found myself almost falling asleep about halfway through.
Ol' Cusinart Hand is back in A Nightmare on Elm Street, a pointless, unimaginative "re-imagining" of Wes Craven's cleverly conceived slasher movie.
For all his calculated bumps in the night and shots of creepy-looking preschoolers moping around a boiler room, Bayer misses the little things that made the original so hard to forget. Craven was right to keep his distance from this one.
After the incompetence exuded by Samuel Bayer here, I feel confident in saying it is time to put his feature film career to sleep for good.
The bastard film of 100 idiots.
Parental Content Review
Fails to mimic or update with any competence.
ANOES doesn't reinvent the wheel, but there's a solid story with striking death scenes, and that should please the more pragmatic fans on both sides of the demographic.
Welcome to 2010, Freddy Krueger. You were scarier in 1984.
It's the moments when Bayer goes off-book that are most effective, using modern special effects to augment the dreams in ways that weren't possibly back in the day, on a budget.
Perfectly symbolic of the laziness and lack of ingenuity inherent with much of today's plastic Hollywood moviemaking.
Haley's a fine actor, but he was far scarier in the suburban drama Little Children. And Englund's unpredictable presence is definitely missed.
As an exercise in "re-imagining," to use Hollywood's favorite rehash euphemism, this Nightmare is mostly stale goods.
Like a cover band with more stagecraft than talent, A Nightmare on Elm Street looks good recycling "greatest hits" moments but fails to capture the excitement of the original.
This new Nightmare is almost completely redundant, but Freddy's blades remain sharp enough to guarantee Haley's job security for at least a few years.
2010's Nightmare isn't just flawed, but without any merit whatsoever, amongst the worst of Platinum Dunes' cinematic abortions and as bad, if not worse, than Freddy's Revenge and Freddy's Dead.
If there's anything new to be added, the new Nightmare does not do it.
The so-called "re-imagining" of A Nightmare on Elm Street isn't a nightmare so much as it is a series of missed opportunities.
Never quite answers the most essential question for any remake: Is this really necessary?
Stylish remake isn't as good as the original, but it has enough genuine scares to merit a mild recommendation.
I don't hate the new A Nightmare on Elm Street on principle. I hate the new A Nightmare on Elm Street because it sucks.
A Nightmare On Elm Street will give me bad dreams of studio executives counting up their filthy lucre made off of a generation willing to accept this sort of spoon-fed garbage and not of the monster they've so completely neutered by this point.
A tightly wound experience that gets even more tense as it builds toward its shattering finale.
While the 1984 film has aged, its now-familiar jolts still pack more punch than this pic's recycled ones, which sometimes register so tepidly as to cause snickers.
A flat, lifeless remake that's totally unnecessary, except of course to the studio executives who want to extract still more profit from the property.
The film cops virtually every memorable image from the original, but loses the depth that gave them power and the sense of place that grounded them.
Bayer's stylish visual direction does little to detract from the fact this is essentially the same movie with far too many visual nods and little to differentiate it or set it apart from the original.
Good luck staying awake.
... Like watching a brilliant garage band's sparse, smart singles turned into loud, expensive, overproduced karaoke sing-along versions with the same notes and lyrics but none of the passion and power.
The novelty has long since worn off, and cheap, generic scares are all that are left.
I stared at A Nightmare on Elm Street with weary resignation. The movie consists of a series of teenagers who are introduced, haunted by nightmares and then slashed to death by Freddy. So what?
Using blasts of shrill, high-decibel noise in place of actual scares has become a common horror-movie tactic, the cinematic equivalent of botox, silicone, and penile-enhancement surgery.
Freddy's 2010 makeover made him look like a burn victim meets a Na'vi creature from 'Avatar.' Also, for a movie that is about its characters fighting sleep to survive, it's a shame 'Elm Street' induces a few REM-driven naps.
Nancy who? Freddy did what? What's the razor glove about? These kids have parents? Bayer's more interested in the lighting design than he is winding a dazzling tale of mental invasion and teen paranoia.
There hasn't been this unnecessary of a back story since Ron Howard felt the need to dramatize the childhood of one Mr. Grinch.
It's a movie that starts slowly, and only starts moving us to the edge of our seat in the third act, adequate for a horror picture, but no more.
I've seen far worse horror remakes, but let's not grade on too much of a curve: This Nightmare offers dutifully grinding thrills of a routine sort.
Too many more remakes as dull and bland as A Nightmare on Elm Street could kill off horror movies for good.
In a way, Freddy finally makes sense in this version of Elm Street, but Robert Englund's original Freddy is still preferable to Haley's pervy Groundskeeper Willy.

@highlight

Visually faithful but lacking the depth and subversive twists that made the original so memorable, the Nightmare on Elm Street remake lives up to its title in the worst possible way.