It's a brutally disappointing and unfunny movie for such a hilarious woman.
Silverman's full-on approach works because she unflinchingly examines these themes with a disarming sweetness.
Her comic persona is that of a clueless and politically incorrect hipster who says terrible things without being aware of their shock value. Sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't.
By the end you'll feel like a bored parent trapped in the front row of the school play.
Ultimately, it's difficult to resist...especially when she comes out with lines like: "I don't care if you think I'm racist - I just want you to think I'm thin."
Skip this one and check Sarah Silverman out on stage for real.
Her high-wire stage performance is unmissable all the same, particularly when she's taking aim at such untouchable sacred cows as Martin Luther King. "They only mention the good stuff! He was a litterbug."
Bad-taste material, delivered with an insouciance that looks easy until you see lesser comics trying it, is what she does best: killer gags about seven-year-old lesbians and Jews killing Jesus.
Hit'n'miss gags that target 9/11, rape, the Holocaust and Aids ("If God gives you Aids, I say, 'Make Lemon-Aids'!") prove that Silverman is a gifted performer but that sometimes busting taboos isn't enough in itself.
It's uneven and the relationship between your sense of taste and your sense of humour will determine whether you enjoy it, but at its best, Jesus Is Magic doesn't look out of place alongside the best stand-up concert movies.
Not to everyone's taste but her legions of internet fans won't be disappointed. Anyone who can come up with a line like 'I don't care if you think I'm a racist, I just want you to think I'm thin,' is okay in our books.
The wit, the smile, the rape and holocaust jokes, they all tie together in a lovely, compelling little package called Sarah.
There is a healthy release to be had in this address of our shared, so-often-facile Hallmark-card reverence. Humor can be the best weapon after all.
Silverman fails at what she does not because she says dirty things, but because that's all she says, and she's not very good at it.
Silverman's raunchy pretend comedy act can't sustain its energy and humor.
A montagem é caótica e as seqüências extra-palco são, em sua maioria, fraquíssimas. Ainda assim, a forma aparentemente inocente com que Silverman interpreta seu texto politicamente incorreto compensam estas falhas.
Here, in her own vehicle, Silverman veers from the faux-naive mockery of minorities into an oncoming collision with white liberal guilt and condescension . . . stand-up [that] makes you sit and think.
Whether you think it's awesome or awful, there's no denying that 'Jesus is Magic' is sheer Silverman, a portrait of the artist as a young maniac.
Silverman is clearly in the line of such fearless comedy forebears as Lenny Bruce and Richard Pryor. As she says at the end of this mostly hilarious movie, 'I don't care if you think I'm racist. I just want you to think I'm thin.'
... her jokes ... are often obliteratingly funny in themselves, they are compounded and deepened by the disconnect between the blackness of their substance and the pretty mouth that utters them
If "'Jesus is Magic" then God is, without a doubt, a Woman: Sarah Silverman.
(Silverman) finds what's funny about an uncomfortable situation, then plunges past the point of good taste to end on shocking instead of entertaining.
Sarah Silverman is the third rail of American comedy.
Jesus Is Magic is full-scale offensive; don't say you weren't warned.
She's like a child who's discovered that adults can be disturbed by dirty words and runs through her repertoire at Mommy's cocktail party.
Barely 70 minutes, but any more of her routine might drive audiences either to the showers or to church.
I wouldn't take my mother, but this stand-up movie is pretty funny.
As expected, whether you find any of this funny depends on your tolerance for outrageously and politically incorrect humor.
It's [Silverman's] hysterically wrongheaded standup persona, showcased in the one-woman show Jesus Is Magic, that's been twisting politically correct writers into descriptive knots.
Silverman comes across as a racist, callous diva in Sarah Silverman: Jesus Is Magic.
As a concert film, Jesus Is Magic proves totally lacking in electricity, and for me, even the funnier lines produced only chuckles.
Jesus Is Magic is the second part of the title of comic Sarah Silverman's very funny, very wrong movie, which weaves wacky musical numbers and odd backstage moments with an L.A. performance of her one-woman show.
The [film's] different strands cancel each other out, never letting Silverman's brand of subversive comedy flower.
It's all in the timing and Silverman has it %u2014 she's in total control on the stage, keeping audiences off-balance with jokes so outrageous there's barely time to recover before the next one lands.
Every time Silverman gets going on a promising tack, the movie pauses for a momentum-killing diversion.
Silverman doesn't step on toes; she stomps on them with sharpened stiletto heels. She doesn't tip sacred cows, she runs them over with a Volkswagen.
An HBO special dragged kicking and screaming to (barely) feature length, it's a riot... but probably shouldn't be in theaters.
Sarah Silverman is a lot of things -- young, pretty, thin, tasteless. But funny is not one of them.
Silverman's abrasive material is funny because her approach is friendly.
Once you become accustomed to her material and begin to anticipate it, some of the shine comes off the act.
The big screen isn't the best venue for her "ain't I cute?" shtick and shock tactics... but Silverman is funny and, more often than not, so is the film.
Sarah is sometimes very funny, sometimes flat, but definitely not for the easily offended.
Lame.
Jesus Is Magic may be a bit too much for anyone but the most hardcore Silverman fan.
If you can stand the profanity, the crudeness, and the merciless strafing of all things noble and sacrosanct, then you'll find yourself huddled over in a painful ball of nonstop guffaws.
Jesus Is Magic manages to push hot buttons with a deceptively tender caress.
[A] polluted oasis for refugees from 'positive,' heartwarming, family-friendly entertainment.
There are a number of wonderfully wicked lines, but overall the movie feels slack and self-indulgent, more of a decent HBO special that's being asked to do more than it can.
Yes, it's sick. Yes, it's funny.
"Jesus is Magic" is of a caliber that would have been better left for an hour-long HBO comedy special.
What she can do is make you laugh your tonsils out. The fact that she shouldn't be saying those things and you shouldn't be laughing at them makes it even more deliciously painful.
Her material is funny, original, occasionally poignant and almost all of it too dirty to repeat in a newspaper.
A quotable compendium of offensive remarks
The movie lures us into that forbidden garden where the funniest things are precisely the things we're not supposed to laugh at, only to yank us out of that paradise and draw our attention to the things it desperately wants us to laugh at.
For the most part she gets away with it, but a lot of her jokes fall flat. I guess you have to be there in the audience of a real performance to really get into it.
Forget your inner censor and dig her non-PC, non-cautious, network-unfriendly diatribe that twists and turns and sends up stand-up comedians' oldest clichés.
Sarah Silverman is a brilliant comic.
a feature film presents the opportunity for something more freewheeling and creative than a succession of funny lines; ...dips in a few toes when it should be walking on water
Silverman's onstage persona might be limited, but it's endlessly resonant.
While she does have her funny moments, her insensitive persona is simply not interesting enough to warrant a feature film.
It's comedy as taboo-breaking cud-chewing. Those easily offended need not apply.
Her material asks us to ask ourselves a few basic questions about comedy.
Silverman rarely reveals herself. She just reveals, often coquettishly, those naughty statements many people think but never say aloud. They certainly would never, ever say them as hilariously as she does.
In the realm of confrontational comedy, Silverman is queen bee.
The comedian and her director, Liam Lynch, have framed about an hour's worth of concert footage with bogus backstage scenes to pad this out to feature length.
For her first concert film, comedian Sarah Silverman trots out about 40 minutes' worth of her best stand-up material and pads the rest with an assortment of ill-conceived and unfunny skits and musical numbers.
It's easy to get angry at a lot of the things she says. But it's hard to stay mad at her for very long.
Those musical interludes interrupt the flow of Silverman's carefully pitched act just as distractingly as the heckling of a drunken patron.
We're staying on her good side: This movie is great!
Silverman is bright, appealing, funny, and can tell dirty jokes with style. But she does not have enough style to make it without the dirty jokes.
A movie that filled me with an urgent desire to see Sarah Silverman in a different movie.
She makes fun of bigotry by pretending to be a bigot; hypocrisy by pretending to be a hypocrite; and stupidity by pretending to be dumb.
Sarah Silverman is a skilled performer, and Jesus Is Magic is occasionally very funny, but don't be fooled: naughty as she may seem, she's playing it safe.
The magic is mostly missing from this Sarah show.
More like a play than a stand-up act, the material is woven together so skillfully, it's not until you get to the end that you realize it all had a progression and a theme.
Silverman throws her carefully crafted persona a proper, and hilarious, coming-out party.
The key to her delivery is about sly surprise, a 'did-she-really-say-what-I-think-she just-said' technique.
After a while, the outrageousness becomes the norm and the punch lines, all revolving around sex and race, seem to repeat.
It's a full-throttle assault on sacred cows and social propriety, issued from a slyly molded persona of white-girl privilege and cocksure ignorance.
When she's on, Silverman, with her willingness to say anything, can be liberating a bomb-tossing jester in the blasphemous-and-proud-of-it tradition of Lenny Bruce and Howard Stern.
Silverman is everything Margaret Cho used to be (and thinks she still is): socially observant, wickedly funny, and genuinely unafraid of being politically incorrect.
The language and the points of view are disgusting. This is a film that is in such poor taste that it's almost impossible to endure.
I admire her cunning wit, her sensual appeal, her satiric creativity, her canny technique, her sensual appeal, and her courage. I'd watch her sit-com anyday.
Magic is an uproarious, profoundly obscene, inventively twisted performance film that, in a just world, should make a star out of this ferociously talented comic.
Sarah Silverman's cartoon bunny rabbit smile could make her the poster child for orthodontia, but it's her timing that's the real thing of beauty.
Silverman's comedy is "adult" in the usual sense - actually meaning juvenile - but it's also adult in its thoughtful, self-aware impiety, its disgust with hypocrisy.
Sarah Silverman is the most outrageously funny woman alive.
Fails to work (for me) not because it's outrageous, but quite the opposite. Lenny Bruce would not work in the 21st century either.
...unless one is already a follower of Silverman's work, Jesus is Magic isn't going to come off as anything other than a very long 72 minutes.
If only "Jesus Is Magic" had stuck with the jokes...she should leave the musical comedy to fellow New Hampshirite Adam Sandler
Not quite as raunchy, but twice as offensive, as The Aristocrats.
Very, very funny, and very, very wrong.
Even if the only place "Jesus is Magic" ever shows up is on HBO, it's worth your time to check the flick out.









@highlight

Silverman's brand of humor is dirty, offensive, and, judging from this film, very, very funny.