If there were ever a need for artificial intelligence, this is it. E.T., phone your agent.
There are exciting moments but it's all a little too earnest and forgettable.
It's not just Avatar that Aristomenis Tsirbas' film suffers in comparison to - even Planet 51 looks good beside it.
This preachy animation parable remains resolutely dull and lifeless.
Despite the déjà vu there's plenty to enjoy, and not just for kids, from an earnest environmental message to animation that comes alive when seen in 3D.
A stodgy, earnest tale.
The animation has an almost filigree quality that contrasts favourably with all but the best of its competitors.
With its suspiciously similar plot and cheapo production values, a name change to Chav-atar is all but a formality.
This original, vividly designed sci-fi animation makes an astute commentary on current issues.
It's the ASDA-price Avatar.
This 3D computer animation is more otherworldly than most sci-fi films, and its environmentally conscious theme couldn't be more timely.
The green issues -- not to mention an Iraq bombing reference -- are laboured and presented through huge amounts of exposition.
As it stands, Battle for Terra is a cinematic seesaw - up one moment, dragged down by derivative facets the next.
That the film has a fair amount on its mind and expresses its concerns in an effectively restrained manner is just gravy on top of a true visual feast.
When the title has the first two syllables of the word 'terrible' in it, there are opportunities to take pot shots. Battle For Terra is a flawed film, but it is not a failure.
In making animation that isn't dark enough for older fans and is too message-centric for kids, Team Terra has created a film that will probably satisfy no one.
an intriguing and frequently exciting experiment in using 3-D computer-generated animation for serious-minded entertainment
Bold and challenging and endlessly exciting.
Despite its noble anti-war, enviornmental message, it's cliched and formulaic. Unless the kids are clamoring, wait for the dvd.
A forgettable animated movie that will do better on DVD than in the competitive movie arena
It's everything you wanted: A great science-fiction yarn, fascinating aliens, terrific battle scenes and moral dilemmas. I'm talking, of course, about 'Battle for Terra,' and not the upcoming 'Star Trek' flick.
It did not work as [well] as many of the recent animated movies that we've had in the earlier part of this year or last year.
I don't think younger or older audiences will be interested.
Maybe aliens have an age group that will enjoy this, but humans don't.
It's a pretentious snoozefest.
The spaceships - and the film's ideological bent - jump out at you during the new 3-D film Battle for Terra
Though young kids are as wowed as their parents by three-dimensional effects, neither age group has an attention span long enough to sit through this yawner.
Although well-meaning, Battle for Terra is too tame to capture the active imagination of adventurous tots as a mediocre-driven meteorite looking to impact young minds with its slow-footed pacing and puffy-minded pathos.
Science-fiction geeks will be in paradise watching this animated adventure where...
takes the traditional CG film and elevates it to a higher level dealing with ugly issues of our own world using realistic logic in fantastic situations
Like in many sci-fi movies, the script vastly underestimates the size of actual planets -- couldn't the humans settle on a different continent or something?
Aggressively ugly and intergalactically boring, the dismal sci-fi kiddie cartoon Battle for Terra is too weak to be shown anywhere except maybe on the next flight to Saturn.
A film that will delight anyone under 6, and almost no one else.
An earnest 3-D eco-sermon.
A cheap and tiresome outer space cartoon aimed at restless children, desperate parents and people who'll watch anything in 3-D.
In spite of the good intentions and colorful visuals, there's a flatness to the proceedings.
A simplistic message movie boasting computer animation well below the industry standard.
A tiresome, didactic and, once the novelty of the graphics has worn off, charmless film.
Battle for Terra turns an overly familiar sci-fi cliche on its head.
Battle for Terra makes a visually sophisticated break from the usual kid-fare, but the filmmakers have neglected to up the ante in any other respect.
Battle for Terra is a CG-animated sci-fi film with amazing 3-D effects, but the clichéd plot is only 1-D.
Animated space adventure tackles war, complex themes.
Has visual style to burn, but its politically correct tale of rapacious invaders and noble natives is less interesting than the world in which the story is set.
What it lacks visually, Battle for Terra makes up for with fine voice acting, a lovely score and solid story-telling.
Look past the movie's procreative protagonists and you'll find a thoughtful but muddled tale of clashing cultures, studded with battle scenes so explosion-filled that parents should think twice about bringing small children.
Doe-eyed earnestness dulls every edge, and Eden-like naïveté reigns supreme.
...a wonderful environmental fable tricked out as a 3-D computer animated science fiction actioner.
Parental Content Review
The movie's messages are delivered with a heavy hand, but some of the scenes are eye-popping, especially -- sorry, peace-loving Terrians -- the battle sequences.
The movie is divertingly different, distinctive - somewhere between Pacific Rim animation and cuddly creature Disney, with a niche for itself somewhere in the middle.
The creators of the 3-D animation film Battle for Terra have developed such an entirely new world inside the movie theater, it's hard not to think they just pushed the film-viewing experience forward 10 years.
An earnest animated tale of war and peace in outer space, augmented by captivating 3-D images.
A bad combination of simple-minded and heavy-handed. And the 3D animation feels practically coagulated in comparison to the fluid, smooth, energetic work in Monsters vs. Aliens.
A lovingly crafted 3-D animated sci-fi film that cleverly reverses War of the Worlds.
The technical quality would have been terrific 10 years ago but looks cheap now, and while the basic story has potential, the execution is mediocre.
A thrilling, action-packed sci-fi adventure that lifts 3D animation to a whole new level of excitement. Mind blowing entertainment.
It is an interplanetary parable that fits perfectly inside our modern political discourse, the film offering up both ecological and philosophical talking points without letting them overwhelm the exhilarating adventure surrounding them.
The animation may be three-dimensional but the story is one-dimensional in this dull saga of humans invading an alien planet -- from the perspective of the aliens.
Sanctimonious claptrap—a 'can't-we-all-just-get-along' plea wrapped in futuristic warfare, dirty dishwater animation, and dreary plotting.
An atmospheric sci-fi saga that may lack major studio marketing heft, but deserves a chance to win over toon-tested audiences.
Naive but ambitious, it comes across as a Battlestar Galactica vetted by pacifists, Clone Wars neutered for Saturday morning kids' TV.
A dystopian view of future interplanetary relations, and a real bummer of a picture of humankind's future, Battle for Terra is a solid, though not sugarcoated, animated film for the whole family.
Battle for Terra shows that you need more than computer-generated graphics to make a quality animated movie these days.
Why is the film almost good, which is to say, not bad but not more? Largely, I think, it's because screenwriter Evan Spiliotopoulos invents a lot of narrative complication of minimal interest to stretch out a short film to feature length.
The 3-D animated alien-invasion flick Battle for Terra upends well-worn conventions of the genre and packages them in a compelling story.
If you find the plot predictable, as a distraction we present an arsenal of 3-D visuals.
In this day and age, you simply cannot produce unsophisticated animation like the kind on display in the campy Battle for Terra and hope to compete.
A sci-fi computer animated film about some nasty invaders and a resourceful teenage girl.
You can't fault Battle for Terra for its intentions, but sadly, you can on almost every other front.
For a movie with a on-the-cheap CGI and a wisecracking R2-D2/C-3PO clone, it's still awfully heady.
A middling movie, an admirable effort that looks much better than Star Wars: The Clone Wars but won't incite similar battles, pro or con.
Battle for Terra boasts impressively executed battle sequences that, frankly, are light-years beyond anything found in the recent Star Wars animated add-ons.
The script, by Evan Spiliotopoulos, borders on the heavy-handed, but director Aristomenis Tsirbas creates an intensity that may raise even grown-up neck hairs.
It can't bring its unique elements online with sufficient skill to offset its flaws.
A bewitchingly animated story about an invasion from outer space, by aliens who threaten to destroy all life on the planet so they can claim it as their own.
A pretty pallid, pedestrian affair, a very mild outer-space adventure with an ecological message that, in the age of Pixar, is unlikely to keep kids, or their parents, rooted to their seats.
It may not possess the budget to overtake animation titans Pixar and Dreamworks, but Terra has a rich sense of purpose and intelligence, carried out by talented filmmakers and their clear adoration for the medium.
It sounds rather novel until one recalls that The Twilight Zone tackled this notion in one third the amount of time.
I have to give this movie points for guts and originality.
Earthlings who have fled their unsustainable environment are the belligerent, culturally insensitive visitors, and aliens with big, moist eyes out of a sad-clown painting are the home team in this gentle, dreamy animated sci-fi tale.
[A] tad overearnest and just a wee bit preachy... But the heartfelt authenticity ... cannot be denied, and it more than overcomes whatever storytelling faults their approach has...
Terra doesn't always get it right and often its reach exceeds its grasp, but dammit it's trying and for that I think you've got to give it a lot of credit.
Watching it will be no fun for either kids or adults.
A bizarre, preachy pro-peace animated adventure.
A perfectly nice, if gauzy, lesson in can't-we-all-get-along politics and environmental awareness.
Too thematically dim to hold the interest of adults, and too alienating and violent to appeal to children, "Battle for Terra" is an off-putting animated sci-fi flick for no one.
Awesome 3-D animation, banal dialogue.
Terra isn't sugar-coated -- the humans are hardly paragons of virtue, but neither are the Terrareans. And the story's resolution won't make Terra the feel-good cartoon of 2008, although it is a work of art.
Has a basic-yet-admirable statement to make about the best and worst of human nature, and it makes the statement colorfully, sincerely, and succinctly.







@highlight

Despite its earnest aspirations to be a thought-provoking sci-fi alternative, Battle for Terra lacks both a cohesive story and polished visuals, and fails to resonate.