Brilliant neglected and underappreciated film about the Sicilian mafia.
A gentle Italian comedy from 1962 that takes a sobering, chilling turn that would make Michael Corleone proud.
Director Lattuada was reportedly acclaimed for his oddball tonal shifts, which Mafioso offers in spades.
Director Alberto Lattuada's seriocomic 1962 look at the Sicilian mob lifestyle broke the omerta, providing a look at the sordidly fascinating life of the wiseguy.
Director Alberto Lattuada balances the satirical and shocking aspects of the story on a stiletto's edge.
No wonder Mafioso vanished without a trace when it was released in 1962; the mordant mobster comedy was about 45 years ahead of its time.
It feels like a comedy, and then a dark drama, and then, no, wait . . . a semicomic documentary, right? The effect, carried brilliantly by Sordi, is delightful.
Some viewers may feel betrayed when the film's light-hearted and gently mocking attitude suddenly turns deadly serious. I thought it was breathtaking.
If you're curious to see the roots of Mafia-related cinema (or even if you simply enjoy a well-made, well-acted film), don't miss Mafioso, a fresh, and still engaging comedy-drama.
The transitional gears never grind. They just keep clicking until you know you're along for the entire ride.
The sort of masterpiece that will obliterate memories of lesser, later efforts in the 'meeting the parents' comedy lineage. Brilliant.
The film ripens in an unanticipated way, nimbly shifting from near farce to something quite a bit darker.
Mafioso may be 45 years old, but it's as bracingly relevant as anything else in theaters today. Even in the heat of a dry Sicilian summer, the film looks fresh as a lemon tree. And when you bite down hard, it's just as bitter.
If you crossed Meet the Parents with The Godfather and filmed it 45 years ago in Italian, you might come close to Mafioso, a black-and-white gem from 1962 whose appearance in local theaters is inexplicable but most welcome.
Mafioso is one of those quirky little films that grow on you as time goes by. Wonderfully shot in black and white by Armando Nannuzzi, whimsically played by Sordi and Bengell, Mafioso will remind you again why you like movies.
...a masterpiece film that readily rivals the best modern American gangster film.
This is brilliant, subtle acting. And Lattuada's filmmaking matches it, with his blend of neo-realism and easy theatricality. He doesn't waste a shot.
The black American offers a brief, sharp bit of tragicomic business that only appears unrelated to Nino's dire plot. He has no idea who he is, and even when he finds out, he's committed to silence.
Nothing quite prepares you for the unique experience of this film. It's an offer that you ... well, you know. Leave the gun, take the cannolis. Mangiate bene.
Mafioso may have been made in another era, but it stands as a classy, even radical rebuke to the film school posers who keep recycling the same tired gangster tropes.
It takes a while to adjust to its rhythm, but this is essential viewing for cinephiles.
This 1962 film is a marvel, a piece before its time that is incredibly funny while delivering a gut punch of a morality drama.
Filmed in Milan, Sicily, and New York, Alberto Lattuada's 1962 black comedy is one of his most critically suc
Is it a droll drama? A dark comedy? Let's just say that the film's startling shifts in mood fit this movie about a man and country divided. And that it appears to be padrino to The Godfather.
Unclassifiable, ultimately gripping 1962 film about a Sicilian native who discovers he can't resist the corrupting power of what The Godfather would later dub 'this Sicilian thing.'
I will say this: If you love mob movies, Mafioso is a must.
Strange, entertaining and disquieting.
Try to connect the movie's two parts: the spry comedy and the deadly serious piece of Mafia business
Feels fresh as a daisy ... a consistently entertaining satire where the huffing and puffing comedic bluster hides a surprisingly bitter sucker punch.
... as he grows more real and complex, it becomes impossible to regard this very funny film simply as a comedy.
The [main] actor's every-paesan persona makes the film's coda such an effectively bittersweet punch line: Behind every local-boy-made-good success story, there apparently lies a history of violence and tears.
[Actor] Alberto Sordi lifts buffoonery to the level of high art.
A magnificent film almost no one knows about, this hidden classic offers a wider variety of pleasures than most contemporary works can even aspire to.
It's another bygone classic that's as fresh today as it was 45 years ago ...
An exuberant and always riveting mosaic of comedy, drama, social comment, suspense, psychological insight and travelogue.
Watching this buoyantly melancholy dark comedy, originally released in 1962, is like discovering a lost world.
[Director] Lattuada still moves the story forward with cold and devious skill. He knows how to get you to laugh, and he knows how to make that laugh stick in your throat.
Mafioso isn't likely to receive the critical exultation accorded Army of Shadows, but still it should not be missed.
Even some 40 years after it was made, Mafioso packs heat.
[Alberto Sordi has] a marvelous performance in a marvelous movie, one that sneaks up on you while you're watching it.
We can only wonder how Mafioso struck American audiences in its brief 1962 appearance. In 2007, it reveals the universal hallmarks of a classic.
In class dynamics, Mafioso infiltrates every facet of life, summing up the rudimentary boredom of the man from Milan while not turning a deaf ear to the crimes of the Sicilian assassin.
It captures, in a stark yet haunting way, the indelible fact that no man is born a mobster.
Alberto Lattuada's tricky-to-parse Mafioso dates from 1962 but, with its abrupt tonal shifts and disturbing existential premise, this nearly forgotten dark comedy could be the most modern (or at least modernist) movie in town.
In Mafioso, the first film about the Mafia, Lattuada shows tremendous facility in blending comedy, tragedy, and pathos in a dark tale about the impact of family visit on a Sicilian from Milan, splendidly played by Alberto Sordi.
It's a farce with a bitter edge -- a farce with no release.
[A] depressing crime drama.
Lattuada ... crisply addresses relevant issues of national and personal identity while never neglecting his film's underlying humor.
Alberto Lattuadas incomparable, half-forgotten 1962 crime comedy-travelogue is at once a giddy mixture of farce, satire and opera buffa.
Mafioso is many things, but a good movie ain't one of 'em.
Uproariously delightful... Mafioso isn't a straight black satire of Sicilian culture so much as a suspenseful near-tragedy leavened by the zesty, irreverent wit that helped define the golden age of Italian comedies.

@highlight

Mafioso begins as an amusing farce and skillfully transforms into a portentous social drama.