In the end, Marconi's point of view makes for an ultimately frustrating, if still fascinating, 87 minutes of cinema.
A serviceable docu-tease.
[An] elegant documentary.
Unfortunately, those without extensive previous knowledge of Lagerfeld's legendary career will find little here to enlighten them, a sad waste considering the relative lack of serious cinematic explorations into the fashion world.
Lagerfeld Confidential, while an undisciplined piece of filmmaking, offers a rare glimpse into the soul of the fashion world, with Lagerfeld, as he admits, surviving through his philosophical fixation on The New: life as the proverbial next season.
Fascinating portrait of a decadent aristocrat with a flair for the beautiful.
Comes off as something that might have been made by Lagerfeld's own army of publicists in Paris.
I learned a lot about Lagerfeld but nothing I felt an urgent need to know.
Engaging, frequently amusing and occasionally moving documentary about one of fashion's most fascinating figures.
You learn only as much as Lagerfeld wants you to, which isn't very much at all.
Lagerfeld embodies the high fashion life - his every move would provide enough material to fill The Devil Wears Prada ten times over, but our view is dulled by Marconi's bland questioning.
Even by the unexacting standards of fashionista portraiture, this is a feeble effort.
Talkative and witty as he is, Chanel bigwig Karl Lagerfeld is a stubbornly private man.
We don't learn a lot from Rodolphe Marconi's up-close but annoyingly impersonal documentary, which devotes pointless minutes to KL dozing on planes, and snootily considers his importance a given.
Know not to take tips from a man who has a ponytail and wears fingerless black gloves.
Lagerfeld's mannerisms and stage-props are a kind of armour which make intimacy impossible.
If you're one of those devils who wears Prada, seek it out. If your jeans don't come with designer labels, you're advised to look elsewhere.
Anyone hoping for a deeper insight into the fashion designer than his weakness for the construction industry should probably look somewhere other than the insubstantial documentary Lagerfeld Confidential.
Will have fashion mavens squawking for weeks.
Lagerfeld keeps the shades down and the collar up in this glossy but inexpressive biography.
Lagerfeld could be the fashion world's Nosferatu: gimlet eyes hidden behind shades as they appraise each new collection; monstrous in his egotism; and, despite his protestations otherwise, painfully lonely after selling his soul to haute couture.
The problem with Rodolphe Marconi naming his documentary Lagerfeld Confidential is that he's promising more than he can deliver.
Apart from a few too many longueurs of Lagerfeld shooting pretty pictures of pretty models, [the film] is an entertaining bauble.
Those seeking career advice about how to become an emperor of fashion will find little if any useful information in Lagerfeld Confidential.
Lagerfeld Confidential's portrait of the artistic director allows its subject to dictate the terms of his portrait. In an era of ever-present spin, it's a popular -- though less than satisfying -- approach.
The fragments from much of the day-in-the-life footage feel frustratingly devoid of a guiding context.
An engaging portrait of a man who claims to eschew self-analysis and nostalgia, even as these are clearly his stock in trade.
Marconi colludes like an awestruck fan, letting the witty eccentric hold court with childhood anecdotes and quotable gems. Not that we're complaining - after all, who needs reality when the illusion's sweeter than Chanel?
A drippy documentary.
The truth remains that Lagerfeld's expertly cultured air of mystique is one of his unique selling points and he's unlikely to give up any family secrets to anyone with the clunking interview technique of Marconi.
The designer's droll wit makes this a compelling (if bitchy) documentary.
"I'm a complete improvisation," Lagerfeld declares. And it's quite a performance.
Marconi's indifference to detail extends to any consideration of what, exactly, Lagerfeld does for a living, not to mention the history of his rise in the fashion world.
Lagerfeld Confidential lives up to its title by keeping its central topic top secret.


@highlight

Lagerfeld Confidential is more vanity project than documentary, revealing little of its evasive subject.