Good Night and Good Luck will make my 10-best list. It's unquestionably one of the best films of the year.
Shorn of flash and dazzle in a way Murrow would appreciate, Good Night, and Good Luck practises what it preaches. It might be the result of wires and lights in a box, but it feels like a slice of life.
By its end, "Good Night, and Good Luck" evolves into a prophetic vision of how television and film can be used to illuminate or insulate, educate or entertain.
Untethered to any post-TV era is a conclusion that America gets too comfortable with the mental inactivity it enables. Edward R. Murrow's titular signoff begins as a trademark and ends as a challenge to a medium - one too often unmet today.
Lean study of the quandaries of asking questions in the media, and of crafting a political film in Hollywood
A film that will live on for years, because it bears a message about dissension, and the power of the press. A power that's faded.
Provocative, principled and richly detailed, this is compelling stuff. Emotionally itâ(TM)s a little dry, but as brain-food, itâ(TM)s absolutely invigorating. George done good.
Dignified, intelligent filmmaking for liberal grown-ups.
Scrupulously journalistic, sometimes to its credit, sometimes to its deficit as a movie.
Good Night is not your average historical recreation. It doesn't dumb-down its story or its characters with needless explanation for the benefit of an under-educated audience.
proves that it is still possible in the cinema, if not in television, to inform without being boring and entertain without condescending.
bez obzira na plemenite namjere svojih tvoraca, ipak ne zaslu%u017Euje "Oscara", jer je iznevjerio visoke standarde objektivnosti koje pripisuje svom junaku.
Having your heart in the right place doesn't quite compensate for keeping your mouth somewhat shut and turning the volume down to an ideological whisper.
Clooney's excellent film uses the past to make today's media and their audiences address their responsibilities.
... a timely reminder of the consequences of failing to balance national security with personal liberties... (believability is) what really comes through on the screen...
It's both a crafty little picture and a forthright one -- a neat trick.
A solid achievement.
David Strathairn is terrific and with George Clooney's passion for his subject, they make [i]Good Night[/i] a satisfying comparison between the past and the present.
Many will see it as a cautionary tale: Don't let anyone else do your thinking for you. The truth is the thing. Cherish it and defend it.
more interested using the movie medium as a pulpit from which to pontificate...political beliefs rather than in telling a dramatically engaging story
That it's a film both timely and timeless goes without saying. Yet Clooney is too canny a storyteller to let didacticism obscure the complexities of Murrow's character.
It's a modest but powerful affair, and a fantastic mood piece.
Strathairn's performance is uncanny, and the 1950s period detail is spot-on.
The film's tight shots and incessant cigarette smoke don't give the material or the audience much room to breathe.
Today, history records Edward R. Murrow as a towering journalist and Senator McCarthy as a sniveling tyrant. Don't you love it when history gets it right.
One of this year's most powerful films.
It is all outstandingly performed and photographed.
George Clooney is emerging as one of America's bravest, boldest filmmakers. And with this highly-charged political thriller, he's also emerging as one of its very best.
If you enjoy that sort of thing, this one makes its points, short and sweet, and looks good, while doing so.
Un valioso testimonio sobre una época controversial (con inquietantes referencias a la actual política de Estados Unidos), filmado en extraordinario blanco y negro y con estupenda labor de David Strathairn.
A clever, quietly spoken little movie and a great pleasure to watch.
...I expected a parade float for MoveOn.org...
An admirable film; it tells an important story, and it's stoked with obvious conviction.
Methodically and purposefully demonstrates the importance of impartial journalism.
... mais do que um filme interessante e eficiente; é uma lição cívica como aquelas que o próprio Murrow se encarregava de ministrar em seu programa.
The film slowly draws the audience into the drama with utter conviction.
one of the most thoughtful, impassioned and best films of the year.
Strathairn gives a sly, quiet, unfussy performance as Murrow that sneaks up on you.
An admirable piece of work that takes a bold stand -- not just against events of the past, but events of the present. Hopefully, in the process, it can save the future.
Sometimes conservatives are right - critics will praise a movie purely because it agrees with their politics
When Murrow cautions viewers they should 'not be driven by fear into an age of unreason,' the film seems more culturally relevant than anything playing at the multiplex.
Dense, direct and digression-free.
The movie takes us back to the time when TV was at its infancy, but already marching towards its inevitable position as America's favorite waste of time ...
While the harmfulness of McCarthyism is a significant part of the film, it approaches the subject by examining the power of the media.
It is like being shot back in time and witnessing historical events as they happened.
Good Night, and Good Luck. is a riveting newsroom entertainment that beckons [Murrow's] successors to follow his lead.
Good Night, and Good Luck. is the must-see event picture of the Fall. It is breathlessly exciting, reexamining with acute detail a moment in our nation's history that should not, can not, be forgotten.
... it telescopes -- with no loss of accuracy -- Murrow's last few fifties hurrahs as the hardest diamond in Bill Paley's 'Tiffany network.'
The use of the archival footage -- and director George Clooney's willingness to let it play out -- imbues the film with a historical heft that is more than a little unnerving.
George Clooney's second film as a director is a sharply scripted film with a terrific central performance from David Strathairn and a message that has lost none of its relevance in the last 50 years.
George Clooney's Good Night, and Good Luck has the visual feel of a chamber drama, with the majority of its action taking place in a handful of offices in the CBS building in New York, but the emotional gravitas of a morality play.
...you might be safe, secure, comfortable, but you will lose something precious, something self-defining, something whose loss will make security feel pointless.
"Good Night, and Good Luck" is an incubator of a movie, designed to be insular, and it's terrific.
George Clooney's engaging dramatisation of a despicable episode in recent US history is a shining example of good journalistic filmmaking depicting good journalism. On that score alone, I admire and champion the film.
Intelligent, provocative writing, blending Murrow's lacerating monologues with a jagged, cynical journalistic humour
Infused with so much class and coolness that the movie's political parallels and clever savaging of America's corporate media may slide right past many who see it.
We get a sense of the sheer energy of the early days of TV news %u2013 a seat-of-the-pants excitement that, like its newspaper equivalent, has long since disappeared.
For a film this potentially dry, it speeds along at an absorbing clip. David Strathairn is excellent.
We relied on Edward R. Murrow for his calm, his unflappable integrity, in times of both crisis and elation. 'Good Night, and Good Luck' reminds us why we need him now.
While networks can no longer fire people for wedding a co-worker and the once-terrifying threat of Communism has long since evaporated, many of the other problems addressed in 'Good Night' are still startlingly relevant.
The smoke can't blur the fact the characters are paper thin.
While the lack of context may make the film slightly unintelligible for a younger and less history savvy audience, the acting more than makes up for it.
Good Night, and Good Luck. isn't memorable, even in the short run, because it creates a desire for information that Clooney has no intention of fulfilling.
Murrow is an insufferable sourpuss, everything is life-and-death over-dramatized, and who cares about Communists now?
George Clooney's Good Night, and Good Luck is a masterful character study that is also a taut thriller.
Director George Clooney gives us a very fine film and David Strathairn gives a superior performance as Edward R. Murrow. The only misstep is in the overuse of jazz interludes.
A rare thing happened at the Monday night showing I attended. When the movie ended, several people in the small but attentive audience applauded.
There is no external score, no wham-bam flashy edits or quick, showy camera movements. It's a straight up, honest look into this world.
An important film that needs to be seen and discussed -- and examined for the uncomfortable parallels it suggests with the world today.
Both a stirring tribute to Ed Murrow and a bold polemic about the state of journalism today. And gorgeous on every level.
Good Night, and Good Luck is one of the best movies of the year, with (David) Strathairn's performance bound to earn him a best actor Oscar nomination.
We may recognize that the film is something of a nicotine-stained hagiography; but such recognition doesn't dilute the power of the ideas that Clooney has chosen to champion.
Clooney drains the story of most of the stirring sentimentality and rousing rightness that could have bogged it down.
On balance, the virtues of Good Night, and Good Luck far outpace its detriments though it does offer handholds for those who would attack it on political grounds.
What an astonishing, well-made historical drama.
George Clooney nous livre en définitive un superbe plaidoyer qui ne passe pas par quatre chemins pour remettre en question le rôle de la télévision.
A passionately committed, superbly acted and smartly presented tribute to iconic CBS newscaster Edward R. Murrow.
Not only was Good Night, and Good Luck filmed in black-and-white, it was written and acted that way, too. This is Good versus Evil for Political Dummies.
The political themes are broad enough to speak to today's audiences while allowing the film a lengthy shelf life.
Stunning drama, both as historical artifact and as a still-relevant cautionary tale on both political and media fronts.
This fact-based drama has much to say about the current state of journalism -- especially television journalism -- and the obligation of news media to challenge and criticize governmental actions.
Clooney's script doesn't venture far from the news desk. ... If anything's lacking here, it's a little insight into (Murrow) himself away from his news cronies.
The triumph of this spare and elegant drama is that it feels like an instant classic, displaying old-school filmmaking flair as timeless as the story is timely.
[It] reminds us of the promise of television journalism at its best, and just how far today's TV news has fallen short.
As overflowing as an ashtray with details that are so ingrained into the whole as to become almost invisible but which are critical to mood and tone.
Clooney nicely documents the beginning of the end of the Freedom of Press and makes a fascinating film in the process.
A stylish, absorbing account of an episode in American journalistic history that has as much to teach us today as it did Murrow's audience half a century ago.
Strathairn is riveting.
Without question, this is one of the most important movies playing right now.
Clooney weaves in archival footage ... letting McCarthy play McCarthy, as if to say, 'See? I'm not making this up.' The problem is, in some places, he is making it up.
George Clooney has managed to make a movie that demonstrates the power and the limitations of the press and manages to entertain in the process.
There is a privileged, fly-on-the-wall quality...
For all the things they get right, the movie has far less emotional impact because of the one thing they got wrong.
Manages a successful merger between gripping entertainment and understated cautionary tale.
It's an interesting way to represent the past, though the use of space, actors, and archival footage seems more theatrical than cinematic.
Strathairn does an astonishing impersonation of Murrow -- he's got the look, the moves and, most important, the voice down.
George Clooney makes a bold move and raises tough issues in the meticulously recreation of a seminal chapter in television history.
A major artistic achievement by Clooney and easily one of the best films of 2005.
A technically astute but sometimes creatively crippled film.
Rarely moving a facial muscle except to exhale smoke and brimstone, Strathairn wonderfully recaptures Murrow's deadpan delivery style.
Clooney continues to improve as both a writer and director, showing huge advancement from his underwhelming 2002 helming debut Confessions of a Dangerous Mind.
Given his reputation, David Strathairn is everything you expect as Murrow, practically inhabiting him.
Good Night, and Good Luck may be simplified history, but it's almost consistently well-crafted.
aA channeled, rigorous tribute.
...believes in something that perhaps only the child of a former television news anchor ... could believe in: that TV news can save the nation.
The year's most wildly overrated movie.
The best film of the year. More important, it's one of the most patriotic movies ever made.
In 2005 the moral lessons feel just like live news.
Stylish and insightful, Good Night, and Good Luck offers vital lessons from our nation's political and broadcast history.
The bottom line on Good Night, and Good Luck? See it. Now.
A triumph, a lean, claustrophobic and unexpectedly funny history lesson so beautifully written and superbly played that you may not even notice it's good for you.
Straightforward and stirring but not preachy.
Clooney's message is clear: Character assassination is wrong, McCarthy was a bully and a liar, and we must be vigilant when the emperor has no clothes and wraps himself in the flag.
As timely as today's headlines, George Clooney's subtle yet engaging and compelling docudrama is one of the best pictures of the year.
As Cassius infamously stated - "'he fault dear Brutus is not in our stars, but in ourselves.' But somehow it sounds more potent coming from Edward R. Murrow.
The movie gradually deflates due to an overreliance on archival footage (of the McCarthy hearings, mostly) and a fondness for speechmaking.
Mr. Strathairn does capture much of Murrow's formal manner, particularly the measured cadences of his sentences.
A sleek broadcast journalism procedural.
"...director Clooney has fashioned a masterpiece..."
Regular NPR listeners, PBS watchers, and 1950's nostalgia buffs will love George Clooney's tightly constructed ... homage to crusading newscaster pioneer Edward R. Murrow
Seeing the real McCarthy's thinning hair, desperate face, and unsubstantiated pontifications serves as a strong reminder of what unchecked sententiousness looks like.
Some will apply their own politics to it, but they're missing the point. This is an incendiary attack on complacency.
It's a compelling dramatization that works as a fresh look at television news and a different take on the McCarthy hearings.
In this slick, beautiful film about Edward R. Murrow and his clashes with Joseph McCarthy, the senator appears as his sleazy self and reminds us why Ann Colter is an idiot.
Strathairn is just perfect, giving a contained performance that fairly vibrates with his need to elucidate politics for the American people.
I love this movie so much I wanted to go up and hug the screen when it was over.
Clooney makes an elegant argument that something of vital interest is still at stake in this story. It would take a stubborn soul to disagree.
Good Night, and Good Luck stands, tall, solid, impressive and expressive joining not only the best films about journalism, but also those about real Americans.
The sad conclusion of Good Night is that while we have made no more room for Murrows in this world, the potential for McCarthys lingers. In which case, good luck indeed.
As an actor, George Clooney is often compared with vintage stars like Cary Grant, but with his latest work he aligns himself with history's great directors.
There's no sense of nostalgia to the picture, no wistful romanticism or longing. Instead, the movie has a steely, dead-serious vitality -- a sense of immediacy and urgency that makes it seem it could be happening right now.
Do you respect the corporate line or do you cross it? Clooney, who in his life wears the hats both of the entertainer and the 'actorvist,' gives us an intelligent, electric film that knows this question is as timely now as it was for Murrow.
Every day, more spin remains encrypted, more stonewalling goes unchallenged, more stories go unreported. Good luck, indeed.
This is a good-looking, powerfully acted, deeply felt and deeply committed film about issues of political exigency and press freedom that are, as your car mirrors say, closer than they appear.
See it, to see what the news once was -- and to see what movies can be.
I'm betting David Strathairn, who plays Murrow with a sense of wry self-awareness, will be nominated for an Academy Award.
... An eloquent cautionary tale...
There's no doubt that the movie gives Murrow his due as one of broadcast journalism's last great figures.
George Clooney's sophomore directorial effort comes off as authentic but awfully thin and uneventful.
Standing up to bullies is hard, and not everyone who does stays standing
Mr. Clooney doesn't sacrifice story and theme for sermonizing, which is perhaps Good Night's most impressive feat.
The movie is a highly personal statement for Clooney. His father was a TV news anchorman, Murrow was his family's personal hero, and he feels strongly that the media has been asleep on the job in the Bush-Iraq war era (and could use an Ed Murrow).
Clooney, who gained weight to play Murrow's producer, Fred Friendly, has made a solid film and his sense of humor remains intact.
We're not sure if Strathairn is playing Murrow or channeling him. Either way, we're impressed.
This is unmistakably a political movie, and the modern-day parallels are incessant and obvious, but hardly inaccurate.
It's a calm, modest movie, very much like the character at its center.
Good Night, And Good Luck. is a labor of love that resonates extremely well in today's political climate.
A largely terrific picture: a scathing (and, yeah, exceedingly timely) social document submerged within a deeply pleasurable entertainment.
Good Night illuminates contemporary themes vis-a-vis the relationships among the media, government and parent corporations beholden to the bottom line.
Stirring yet understated.
Part docu-drama, part thriller, and part cautionary tale, the movie offers something to everyone who craves more than escapism from the cinema.
It's the kind of movie you admire, but can't quite force yourself to love. Good thing there's so much here to admire.
Rigorous and principled. . . but neither provocative nor stylish enough to inspire.
George Clooney knocks the ball out of the park with his second directorial effort...
...an ambitiously earnest and well-informed biopic. Clooney's Good Night, And Good Luck is perceptive, manipulating, and cleverly crafted...
I found it to be one of most intelligent and insightful movies ever made about the television news business and about the profoundly un-American practice of labeling dissenters as traitors.
The crusading spirit of director Stanley Kramer (Judgment at Nuremberg) lives on in director George Clooney's matter-of-fact but ardent dramatization.
The battle of wills between the powerful and the just is enough to sustain the film and Clooney keeps it moving briskly from beginning to end.
Shot in exquisite black and white, the film is partly reverential, partly probing.
A fascinating time capsule that succeeds at entertaining, but fails at creating an analogy with today's relationship between politicians and the media.
A fantastically compact little film, with barely an extraneous moment.
Clooney has broken free of his second-rate Soderberghian style and come into his own as a solid directorial force.
Isn't nearly as hard-hitting as it wants to be or as penetrating as it should.
Relevant, well-meaning and a bit arid.
It's a reminder of a time when TV journalists challenged authority rather than defended it, drew on indignation rather than on self-righteousness, promoted clarity instead of deceit.
Strathairn's Murrow is poised at the center of this quiet whirlwind and this 'actor's actor' deftly weaves many aspects of the broadcaster's mercurial personality within the movie's tight time frame.
Except in a few rare moments, the film remains more of a dry history lesson than a movie in its own right.
A merely good movie.
The film, therefore, is like a child's view of these events, untroubled by complexity, hungry for myth and simplicity.
George Clooney's second directorial outing couldn't be more topical, though the events it chronicles occurred over half a century ago.
Could actor-writer-director George Clooney's smart reenactment of the 50-year-old fracas between a courageous newsman and a paranoid, power-mad U.S. senator be the most politically relevant Hollywood film of 2005? It just might.
Part drama and part civics lesson, Good Night, and Good Luck is an entertaining slice of American political and cultural history.
By George, Clooney's done it. This paean to Murrow and excellence in broadcast journalism is filmmaking at its best.
Good Night, and Good Luck says two things, at least, and they are worth repeating: There is always the chance for one good man to make a difference. And in 1954, Edward R. Murrow did.
A passionate and rousing piece of filmmaking -- a civics lesson with the punch of a good melodrama.
Everything in the movie feels like the real deal, from the wood paneling in the waiting room of Paley's office to the perilous amount of cigarette smoking lingering on- and off-camera. The dialogue is razor-sharp.
Good Night, and Good Luck will probably need a little bit of luck (and good word-of-mouth) to succeed, but seek it out: It's a terrific film.
A hermetically sealed period piece so intensely relevant to our current state of affairs that it takes your breath away.
Masterfully crafted, wonderfully acted, and an undeniably cutting commentary on fear in the 50s that resonates even louder today.
Clooney's second film as a director is ambitious and brilliant, but ultimately proves somewhat dry and inaccessible.
Clooney's film makes the powerful point that public watchfulness and accountability... are an integral part of a robust, working democracy.
God bless George Clooney.
The most engaging, gripping and compelling movie of the year
A theatrical movie infused with the energy of live TV....Good Night, and Good Luck. reminds us that, when played right, journalism is a dangerous game.
Good Night, and Good Luck introduces Clooney for the first time as an exceptional filmmaker, interested in challenging material and outstanding performances
A smart, pointed, timely and superbly realized biopic
A piece of urgent nostalgia.
Stylistically, Good Night, and Good Luck is a tough film to watch. Thematically, it's a must-see fall offering.
Clooney and Co. have given us a civics lesson. But you could hardly ask for a better one.
Everyone will know this film as the one directed by and starring George Clooney, but the real star is the relatively unknown, but immensely talented, David Strathairn.
Oh, this is an angry movie, calm and collected on the surface and seethed with reeled-in rage underneath.
Good Night, and Good Luck couldn't be more unlikely, more unfashionable -- or more compelling.
The most exciting film about journalism and the media since All the President's Men (1976).
It's literate and dense with detail, even if some viewers will feel irked by the absence of characterization.
Clooney confidently lasers away the characters' personal lives to focus on Murrow's maneuverings.
a compelling and thought-provoking film whose issues are as relevant today as they were back in 1953
In his second outing as a director, Clooney expertly evokes the revved, split-second drama of the early days of live TV.
An impressive time capsule, driven by a memorable performance by David Strathairn
Clooney's brilliantly orchestrated and seriously respectful movie can be seen as a grim shoulder tap, lamenting the social irresponsibility of what Gore Vidal likes to call the 'United States of Amnesia.'
Clooney's account of Murrow's historic assaults on Senator Joseph R. McCarthy, in 1954, imitates many of Murrow's best qualities.
In ninety-three tight, terrifically exciting minutes, Clooney makes integrity look mighty sexy.
Good night , and goodluck is a stunning, uniquely timely, piece that gloriously interweaves real behind the story stories 'tween Murrow & Senator McCarthy...
A celebration of journalistic responsibility that speaks eloquently to our current moment.
A compact ninety minutes that wastes nothing, this film is as good -- and as relevant - as it gets.
Good night, good luck, and good riddance.
Deviously omits Murrow's cowering fear of William F. Buckley, Jr., but still an entertaining behind-the-scenes docudrama if you can stomach its biased factual manipulation.
This is serious grown-up entertainment with a sense of history and a sense of style, the kind of picture almost no one knows how to - - or, perhaps more accurately, can find the means to - - make anymore.
The biggest little movie of the year -- and one of the best ever about the news media.
One wonders how anyone seeing this film can go back to the TV and stomach the blow-dried, insipid news teams that rule the air waves.
George Clooney's film about the CBS newsman Edward R. Murrow is a passionate, thoughtful essay on power, truth-telling and responsibility.
A stirring tribute to television journalist Edward R. Murrow's courage and conviction in a dark period of American history.
By far the smartest American film released in 2005.
This is a mesmerizing film from start to finish, directed by Mr. Clooney with admirable self-assurance, and a miraculous 90 minutes.
A travesty.
We immediately appreciate Strathairn's focused intensity as Murrow, his slick black hair and the impression of undiluted integrity that he almost startlingly personifies.
The film's bedrock is Strathairn's performance, a masterpiece of calibrated dignity and self-doubt.
A vital chapter of mid-century history is brought to life concisely, with intimacy and matter-of-fact artistry.
[A] gripping slice-of-life docudrama.
An urgent reminder of an era of honest crusading jurnalism in which information was separated from entertainment, in contrast to the current infotainment and soft news


@highlight

A passionate and concise cinematic civics lesson, Good Night, And Good Luck has plenty to say about today's political and cultural climate, and its ensemble cast is stellar.