Can you root for a woman who despite having most of her advantages given to her, spirals into a world of illegal gambling, drugs, and "destroying lives"? By the end, if your answer is "yes" then Sorkin has expertly done his job.
Aaron Sorkin loves his own words so much that not even Jessica Chastain to get out from under them long enough to breathe life into this overlong and overstuffed poker drama.
It's entertaining enough and may play better on the small screen than at the movies, but in spite of its cleverness, it is never truly compelling...
"Molly's Game" suffers from a distinct lack of style to compliment the focus and bristling snap of Sorkin's writing.
When Chastain is unleashing her fast-paced narration or trading pithy chatter with Elba, you'll be able to overlook many of the film's flaws.
A fascinating film with extraordinary performances and a story of intelligence, strength and high risks, and the way a female athlete applies her sports training in a completely different sphere. [Full review in Spanish]
Molly's Game is purely for fans of Sorkin or Chastain.
The direction shines more in the scenes where Molly narrates the action of the poker games and how the characters are affected by the changes in the game. [Full review in Spanish]
Overall, the film comes across as robustly offering testimony for its subject rather than really offering a portrait; it rather presents itself as a character witness for a woman of more probity and principle than her chosen career would suggest.
Former Olympic skier turned high-stakes poker madam tell-all; about the underbelly of Hollywood illegal gambling -- totally riveting.
Something in favor of this film: its courage to show the corrupt world of the unscrupulously wealthy. [Full Review in Spanish]
We can thank Chastain for making Molly's Game as watchable as it is.
Molly's Game is an interesting tale. You certainly don't have to be a poker fan to enjoy it.
Aaron Sorkin's audio-visual choices are so overwrought they confuse the story and overshadow the actors.
Those who get a rush from playing cards for high stakes will fuel their addiction with this production.
An absorbing, adult drama, Molly's Game is also a cautionary tale about how those brave enough to skate on thin ice have little cause to complain when the ice breaks and the instant chill of reality bites into your backside.
Dialogue rich with an exposition that flies as fast as a bullet train, Molly's Game is a wild tale. It's a ripper of a story; the film is sophisticated and intelligent with a sensational performance from Jessica Chastain.
Molly's Game is Aaron Sorkin's first directorial effort, and like his writing, it's sharp and quick-witted.
[Aaron] Sorkin is blessed to have Jessica Chastain playing Molly: She can handle the pacing of his dialog and her face and body are magic on film.
Molly's Game is a film that is enjoyable if you are a fan of the writer, but unfortunately (and despite not being all that bad), he still has a lot to learn as a director. [Full Review in Spanish]
'Molly's Game' is a good deal.
Molly's Game is an entertaining and confident debut for Aaron Sorkin, even if it's definitely too long.
The film makes little pretence of being high-brow or particularly cinematic in its crafting (though its editing matches the speedy dialogue), but as a pacey tell-all it's a fascinating and entertaining watch.
I was riveted from beginning to end with Molly's Game. It has some of the best performances of the year, it has some of the best writing of the year and it has a true life story that is so vastly strange and unbelievable that it truly has to be witnessed.
... we see a woman who knows how to cope in a world led by men and, therefore, eventually pays for her daring. [Full review in Spanish]
Filmmaker Sorkin, who also wrote the screenplay, does an admittedly stunning job of immediately drawing the viewer into the proceedings...
While Molly Bloom is undoubtedly a tough nut, the manner in which Chastain handles how her character will ultimately crack gives the movie a weight that Sorkin's speedy, breezy style could never have achieved on its own.
It plays one note, but it plays it very, very well.
[Molly's Game] shows that the celebrated [Aaron Sorkin] can bring what he wrote to the screen effectively and with total control over the staging. [Full Review in Spanish]
"Fast, intense, and impeccably acted, the movie is everything one would expect from a story written by Sorkin". [Full review in Spanish]
...there's nothing so enticing as being allowed a glimpse into a hidden world of power and privilege, and Molly's world is certainly that...
If you enjoyed The Social Network or Steve Jobs, with their psychological insights, compelling characters, clever soundtrack choices and non-sequitur asides, then you'll love this.
The biggest joy of Molly's Game is discovering his two stars, Jessica Chastain and Idris Elba, speak Sorkenese beautifully, sliding effortlessly into his rat-a-tat screwball rhythms.
Jessica Chastain [is] the best actress of her generation. [Full Review in Spanish]
This story demanded someone like Scorsese and, of course, Sorkin is not him. [Full review in Spanish]
The first film to be directed by Academy Award winning screenwriter Aaron Sorkin (he also adapted the script from the real Molly Bloom's book), "Molly's Game" is a smart tale about how even the slightest mistake can come back to haunt you.
... [Jessica Chastain] is the film itself. [Full review in Spanish]
Much like his other work as a screenwriter for cinema, [Aaron] Sorkin's sometimes-too-perfect dialogue springs from the page and from the mouths of his characters with sharpness, intellect and wit.
While the script crackles and excites, the film itself is profoundly uncinematic.
Molly's Game is very impressive, at times ruthlessly funny and, despite a 140 minute running time, awfully gripping.
Even for a former, world-class athlete, crime does not pay!
An Aaron Sorkin script is really easy to spot, but damn it if I don't find it entertaining...Jessica Chastain is awesome here.
Molly's Game is a movie for those suckers who really do believe we are experiencing "the golden age of television."
Pedal to the metal dialogue is paired with pedal to the metal voice-over narration, which exacerbates the film's hurried manner.
At its best, Molly's Game takes us deep into an intriguing, hidden world that few if any of us will ever get to see.
To borrow from poker talk, Molly's Game is a royal straight flush. And that's about as good as it gets.
Sorkin's directorial debut is pretty much what one would expect going into the film, classically Sorkin in a dialogue-heavy, sure to make some annoyed and delight others.
It's two and half hours but it certainly doesn't feel like it.
I went for the great dialogue and the interesting story, [but] the performances I got out of this were a cut above even what I thought I could get.
Based on real events, this tale of a talented woman trying to make it in a Hollywood stacked against her gains extra currency in the post-Weinstein climate.
Chastain is one of the day's heavyweight screen presences, capable of counterbalancing Sorkin's bulldozer storytelling methods with her charisma.
Molly's Game is a prime showcase for one of Hollywood's most versatile actresses, but the film as a whole doesn't live up to Chastain's fiery performance. A lot is said, but very little sticks with you after the end credits roll.
Most of the arias in Molly's Game don't achieve liftoff, and so neither does the movie.
Sorkin's characters not so much enunciate words but rather shoot them like bullets out a machine gun. Here, Chastain is armed to the teeth. [Full Review in Spanishi]
Molly's Game isn't perfect, but it's wildly entertaining and a fairly effortless time at the movies.
Debuting as director in Molly's Game, the eminent screenwriter (Moneyball, etc.) uses Oliver Stone- and Martin Scorsese-style visual overload to accompany all the endless proactive talk, talk and more talk.
At its best, Molly's Game is a lively, entertaining, bracingly articulate film. But the final act may have audiences sorely wishing Sorkin had quit while he was ahead.
... It's a type of role that fits this actress quite well... [Full review in Spanish]
Finally another good poker film! Probably Aaron Sorkin's best script, and probably Jessica Chastain's best performance. [Full review in Spanish]
... an apt and insightful skewering of the world of greed and gambling.
Molly's Game is so thoroughly worked out that its drama never gets going, because neither its characters nor you have any chance to take a breath.
... Jessica Chastain saves this film from failure and it never felt boring, despite the generic climax, in Aaron Sorkin's credible and efficient directorial debut.
Sorkin's rhythms and beats flow right into the power plays and bluffs of the sharks and whales at Molly's game table, but outside of the game, his dialogue frequently falls into Hollywood cliche.
In the directorial debut from mile-a-minute screenwriter Aaron Sorkin, he opts to get out of his own way and stick to the script; the result isn't perfect, but it's energetic and entertaining.
If you're fond of Sorkin's script flourishes, then Molly's Game is for you.
Molly [is] a fierce heroine, and the movie's optics, singularly focused on a woman in rooms filled with men, resonates in the current political climate of #metoo.
While the shell of this movie is a biopic of a conflicted, tenacious woman, the heart of it is an intriguing psychological drama about the game of poker.
Jessica Chastain has what may be the very best part of her career with Molly's Game. Given her impressive filmography so far, that's saying a lot. She's on fire in this role.
Molly's Game proves that Sorkin knows how to bring a book to energetic life on the big screen. His trademark sharp dialogue is on display as well as his savvy sense of craft.
Avoids the many writing pitfalls that Sorkin has repeatedly fallen in throughout his career, we don't get a whole lot of Good Sorkin from it either
Chastain is fierce in a role that echoes that of a similarly tough-but-flawed D.C. lobbyist in last year's Miss Sloane.
An occasionally episodic offering that nonetheless ends up engaging enough thanks to Sorkin's usual flourishes with dialogue and Jessica Chastain's riveting performance. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, etc. - also Available)
...you can track the development of Molly's understanding of how the world works and what place she has chosen within it by what she's wearing, and that's costume design at its finest.
This is a "Game" that couldn't be more fun to watch.
Molly's Game is very enjoyable thanks to the stacked deck of Chastain, Elba and Sorkin.
The combination of Sorkin's writing and Chastain's acting creates a perfect mesh of dialogue that sizzles and impresses.
Sorkin owes more to the slam-bang mayhem of Danny Boyle than the visual elegance of David Fincher, but mostly he gets out of the way of his writing - delivering for good and ill (but mostly good) a full-throttle Sorkin ride.
Chastain's gritty yet sensitive performance is the big winner in this game.
You've got Chastain, Elba, and Sorkin betting on themselves and each other. A big win is always a game changer.
Molly's Game has a little bit of everything: high-stakes gambling, a killer Jessica Chastain performance, true-story celebrity naughtiness and a smart, witty script by Aaron Sorkin.
Molly's Game functions as both a scintillating character study and a fascinating expose. It's well worth booking a seat at this table.
Molly's Game marks a solid enough directorial debut for Sorkin.
Despite the abundance of snappy comebacks and delicious zingers, the structural weaknesses of the story show. There is little depth to Bloom's character and putting intellectual meat on the bones of Bloom's story is an exercise in repetition.
Neither traditional poker movie nor traditional sports movie, with Jessica Chastain holding the cards, Molly's Game is a winner. Deal me in!
In 2018, it's important to make sure you're more Jesse than Mack - and Molly's Game will show you how.
Chastain is a gifted actress, but she's never been this riveting, the queen among the film's kings and aces
Beyond painting Bloom as a young woman who saw an opportunity and grabbed it, the film's attempts at psychology don't pan out very convincingly. But for sheer voyeurism, this study of an illicit but unusually well-bankrolled demimonde is quite satisfying.
The film grows increasingly turgid and tiresome in the second half.
... a study of success today, of power and how a woman gets it... [Full review in Spanish]
If you're a big Chastain fan, know the technical ins and outs of high-stakes poker and are in the mood for a really long film, by all means rush to see it. And enjoy. But if you can't tick all three of those boxes, Molly's Game is a tougher call.
Sorkin plays a great game -- the film is a running flush of great scenes and crackerjack dialogue.
Two hours and 20 minutes is longer than your average superhero yarn, but thanks to Sorkin's sparkling script and Chastain's intelligent acting, the time never drags.
Rat-a-tat-tat dialogue, no crummy love interest, a slick dress sense and a satisfying general air of moxie make Molly's Game a superb night out with a refreshing female protagonist.
Sorkin's flair for whip-crack dialogue, structural shenanigans, and character chemistry remains a winningly shameless three-ring circus for the screen, and his thoroughly excellent ensemble help to distract from his infamous artifice.
As Sorkin's loquacious heroine engaged in rapid-fire exchanges with her whip-smart lawyer (Idris Elba), I could almost hear the clickety clack of the writer's keyboard.
Much can be forgiven due to its razzle-dazzle and the sheer pleasure of listening to Sorkin's target-obliterating dialogue - dialogue which Chastain and Idris Elba (playing Molly's lawyer) manage to make sound natural.
This dramatic biography has the familiar Aaron Sorkin snap and crackle, but why doesn't it have any pop?
Molly's Game has an engaging story with whip-snap dialogue that features Jessica Chastain in another commanding role.
Aaron Sorkin's directorial debut delivers more flushes than flops, but the mind-boggling true story was always going to draw the right cards.
Pure class. Chastain and Elba deserve Oscar noms, and Sorkin's second Best Adapted Screenplay award (after The Social Network) is a sure thing.
Whether we're lawyering up or narrating the drama of a night's play, it's hard to miss Sorkin's writing, but he has yet to find an equivalently distinctive style behind the camera.
In the central role, Jessica Chastain is, quite simply, phenomenal.
Hollywood provides few good roles for women, but this is an exception. Jessica Chastain ('Miss Sloane') gets a Bette Davis kind of role as troubled gambling guru Molly Bloom and she burns up the screen with an incendiary performance.
A fast moving story that rings of the truth and radiates full time entertainment.
Bold, tough, hugely entertaining. Like a new GoodFellas, except about a woman caught up in her own impudence and daring. Jessica Chastain is badass.
Aaron Sorkin's directing debut boasts fine, if familiar Jessica Chastain. Kevin Costner lends gravitas. But film lacks visual flair and is not really about poker at all.
That despite how much talk there is about it; interest fades, and [Jessica] Chastain's technically astounding performance becomes so much noise.
This compelling drama is not your usual sports underdog saga or tragic story of downfall and redemption, but rather a cautionary tale about the allure of the quick buck.
One of the ways this film is refreshing is that it's about process, not romance. Sorkin is concerned with how systems operate, so we learn the intricacies of a floating poker game - but we don't waste any of the film's 140 minutes on Bloom in love.
The film has a sharp and undeniable charm. Then Sorkin gambles away audience good will with a stupid, ham-fisted ice rink sequence.
It's a heck of a tale and Sorkin has hired some top-notch people to tell it.
What makes Molly's Game more than an entertaining, if enjoyably familiar big-screen Sorkin-fest (whip-smart characters spouting rapid-fire dialogue while slyly revealing personality traits) is that it's a profoundly emotional film.
Even when his verbal pyrotechnics threaten to bury her in exposition, Chastain acts her way through them.
The combination of his effortless dialogue skills and a career-best performance from Jessica Chastaine bring this occasionally muddled film firmly into the territory of "bloody good".
If Molly's Game doesn't quite have what would typically be considered a winning hand, it bluffs just well enough to still take the pot.
There is much to enjoy about "Molly's Game,"... But if this is Sorkin's idea of a mea culpa to critics who found his sexism tedious even in "the West Wing" days, then, brother, we have some work to do.
Jessica Chastain is a perfect match for Aaron Sorkin.
Jessica Chastain, who can swagger like the best of them, wears clothes like weapons as she powers her way towards the capitalist dream.
As a story, Molly's Game is absorbing and well told, even when Sorkin gets into the complex minutiae of poker strategy.
Sorkin turns cards over with enough flair and snap to keep his movie watchable, but, in its entirety, the movie doesn't make the case for why Bloom's story is more than a sketch in a bigger picture that remains unpainted.
Whatever artificial limitations Sorkin puts on his female characters though, he's empathetic enough to understand that Molly Bloom's story is about a woman being controlled and underestimated by a succession of presumptuous jerks.
Screenwriter Aaron Sorkin lets rip with another marathon-sprint of exhausting and exhilarating and exasperating dialogue, in the process switching up his game to hyphenate status, and making a very stylish debut as director.
Even though this is Sorkin's directing debut, quite a bit of the clarity comes from the visuals, annotated when necessary, precisely shot and edited with nearly every trick known to contemporary filmmaking.
It's tempting to think of "Molly's Game" in poker terms: Sorkin's holding a queen, a king, and at least a couple of aces, but the tell is that he talks too much, and in the end you realize he's bluffing.
It's a good, brash biopic. For the first hour it's very nearly terrific.
At a certain point, everyone watching "Molly's Game" will form the question, "Why should I care about any of this?" It's a question Sorkin should have anticipated. He has no good answer.
Sorkin continues to enjoy himself hugely as the piece moves into its courtroom endgame.
Few actors on the planet can shift gears as effortlessly as Chastain, who perfectly captures Molly's chameleon-like ability to adapt to situations and to rationalize her worst behavior.
It is the performances of Jessica Chastain and Idris Elba that manage to keep the film in sync... [Full review in Spanish]
It's fun enough to watch Chastain's Bloom find her way, making things up she goes along.
It could've been so much more.
... Sorkin's trademark pervasive intelligence and Jessica Chastain's sharp lead performance make this movie, which profiles poker maven Molly Bloom, an enjoyable wild ride.
Its main recommendation, aside from the brilliance of Chastain, is Sorkin's ingeniously crafted screenplay.
After a frantic first two hours, the pic goes into a "finding herself" pattern, which means losing us.
[An] uneven but entertaining lark.
The chemistry Chastain and Elba generate ignites Sorkin's spectacular words, honing the scenes to a razor's edge.
Molly's Game is pure entertainment, funnier than the subject matter might suggest and fired at you with enormous energy.
Any director not enslaved to the script could tell this story in 30 minutes less. Bet on it.
Jessica Chastain is a fine actress. Idris Elba is a fine actor. Aaron Sorkin is one of the greatest screenwriters to ever live. Unfortunately, the three of them flounder here in this.
All in all, when it comes to holiday viewing, Molly's Game is a safe bet.
Chastain is always worth watching, and so is Elba, but I wanted more from this film, and Molly's Game left me dissatisfied.
It's verbose, superficial, convoluted, and addictively watchable. In other words, it's another Aaron Sorkin project.
Chastain and Elba share only about seven scenes, but their chemistry is delightful, and neither is afraid of going all-in.
Jessica Chastain dazzles as Molly Bloom. Aaron Sorkin was wise to cast her in his directorial debut.
It's an intriguing look into a secret world and a great performance from Chastain, but Sorkin's directorial debut never quite makes the leap from great poker movie to great movie.
The quality of the screenplay takes a back seat to its quantity, and the direction never brings it to life.
Despite Ms. Chastain's charisma and gift for delivering Mr. Sorkin's fast talk, Molly isn't interesting.
It's all good stuff, delivered by a director who knows how to get the most out of performers speaking his words.
Doesn't really add anything new to the world, but retreads that ground with enjoyable wit and an upbeat pace.
When you ante up the mellifluous writing of Aaron Sorkin with the unparalleled acting of Jessica Chastain, you're bound to hit the jackpot.
Glitzy and energetically put together [but] ultimately the film represents intricacy without much depth and style without much substance.
Aaron Sorkin's directorial debut gives "poker queen" Molly Bloom the royal treatment she deserves. Star Jessica Chastain proves as eloquent in silence as she does in speech and deals audiences a winning hand.
No one talks the way Aaron Sorkin writes it, anyway, and now his first movie as a director rings with self-importance, too. Add Jessica Chastain as the same kind of tough cookie she played in last year's barely seen 'Miss Sloane,' and this 'Game' is over.
Nothing and no one seems to be holding [Sorkin] back, for better and for worse.
Molly's Game is a slight biography, a rambling exposé of an underground poker game ... and a shallow psychological study of its main character.
Chastain delivers a typically brainy and impassioned performance.
It may be his first time in the director's chair, but Sorkin knows the key to success lies in his rapid-fire dialogue writing and ability to really get inside the head of Molly
Chastain draws us so deeply into Molly's lightning-speed thought processes that you can almost see her synapses firing, making "Molly's Game" not just a biographical portrait but a genuine thriller of the mind.
Sorkin's reputation for crisp, rat-a-tat dialogue is well deserved, and he has an intriguing protagonist in Chastain's Molly Bloom.
Yet another wildly effective Aaron Sorkin script, as illuminating as it is informative about shocking legal wiggle room in play here while it splashes around in semantic delights. And for the most part, his first-time direction matches the momentum.
Word-pusher Aaron Sorkin makes his debut as a director, and whaddya know, he directs a lot like he writes: fast and smooth, bordering on slick. But just bordering, because love demands sincerity, and he's found someone to love in Molly Bloom
Molly's Game isn't perfect, but as it's Aaron Sorkin's first film as a director, it's a true testament to how much he's paid attention to the directors that have handled his work.
A great performance - double duty, really, since Chastain has to both play the character, and keep a narration going about the ins and outs of poker (flops, action, nuts, etc.), at the pace of an auctioneer.
Words and cards are dealt in equal hand with Aaron Sorkin's poker drama Molly's Game, featuring Jessica Chastain at the center of a compelling film about fame, power and empathy.
Un-cinematic and bloody maddening in that chatterbox Aaron Sorkin style
It is a dynamic, quicksilver insight into a life that feels stranger than fiction.
It's no surprise that Molly's Game is snappy, stylish and slick, but against the odds it's also incredibly emotional and fiercely feminist.
It's a role that demands a wise head, a combative streak, precision comic timing and an occasional air of vulnerability. Chastain nails every single requirement with ease. She'd make a great poker player.
Chastain gives everything as Molly -- including an up-for-it nakedness of emotion when required -- but "everything" is what becomes, finally, wearing.
Sorkin, directing for the first time, has made an outrageously self-righteous thriller.
Chastain, who's in nearly every frame of the film, delivers an impressively intense, hammered-down performance.
A sharply judged edit stitches together three separate timelines, shaping Molly as a complex and razor-sharp character in a world dominated by entitled mansplainers. Forget Rounders -- here's a poker movie to go all-in on.
Ms. Chastain has burnished a reputation as a passionate actress ("Zero Dark Thirty," "The Tree of Life") who's also brilliant technically, and this adds to it; the burnishing here has less depth than gloss, but that's the nature of her character.
"Molly's Game," the new high-stakes poker movie, is a pretty safe bet.
A dramatic meditation on risk and what it takes to be a winner in the world of high-stakes poker.
The movie version of a card player who doesn't know how to quit when she's ahead.
Despite its length of two hours and ten minutes, the story rolls by so fast, the narration by the principal character so literate, the facts so detailed, that you won't have time to check your watch.
What Molly's Game portrays best is the absolute vulnerability of women who attempt to enter the dens of men.
The movie is exciting and glamorous, a peak into a realm few of us will ever enter -- although, by the time her story wraps up, even fewer would dare to go there.
Molly's Game continues Sorkin's fascination with delving into and elucidating the psyches of self-made successes...It also once more showcases his skills as a wordsmith, while revealing his debuting talent for putting those words on screen.
Overall, Molly's Game is a crackerjack, quintessential holiday movie. Smart, engaging, and full of great performances, sometimes telling is the way to go.
This is that rare instance of a filmmaker benefiting from his own self-indulgence.
"Molly's Game" is worth the ante: It pays off, both as slick, adult-oriented entertainment and morality tale.
"Molly's Game" could have been a terrific movie if Sorkin could have edited out 20-30 minutes; as it is, it's a good movie overstuffed.
Sorkin's firing on all cylinders as he works through the pressure points in the subject's life and technical particulars of poker.
Jessica Chastain delivers a commanding performance in Aaron Sorkin's over-bloated Molly's Game...
It's tempting to say that the real star here is Sorkin, since he's put the dialogue so front and center, basing the film on it. But that's not true. Chastain is the real draw.
Sorkin lets his writing do the talking, and his words (delivered passionately by Jessica Chastain and Idris Elba, among others) carry the movie.
Aaron Sorkin is one of a kind. But in "Molly's Game," he and Jessica Chastain make a winning pair.
A storming directorial debut from Sorkin, whose impeccable cast and thrilling narrative make this an instant classic.
A game that lacks aggression, and a goofiness that should be more enjoyable.
It's too bad that Chastain's heady, exquisitely subtle performance is dragged down by the laughably vehement male characters that seek to speak for her.
A script so overwrought and self-important that it might actually trick a few people into thinking it's good.
As a director, Sorkin mostly (and wisely) stays out of the way of his screenplay, composing shots with an eye toward how they'll likely be shaped in the editing room, based primarily on verbal rhythms.
Jessica Chastain in her best performance to date powers Aaron Sorkin's sensational directorial debut.
Twist-filled and snappy, it has just enough interest in this thrill-seeking world and the proper amount of contempt for the sexist playground inhabited by the men of wealth Molly manipulates for a living.
For a first feature, it's fine - but it's never anything more.
Precise and precarious, Aaron Sorkin has created a fast-paced biopic filled with sharp zingers.
Even non-fans should admit Sorkin is a skilled craftsman; an architect of beautiful cathedrals.
If you love Aaron Sorkin, you're almost certain to love his zippy directorial debut.
There's no nuance, no reflective downtime, and it ends with what may be the worst cod-psychology scene of all time. It all comes down to daddy issues, apparently. Oh, boo-hoo.
Riveting. Breathless. Intellectually exhilarating.
Few screenwriters are quite so in love with their own prose as Sorkin; on and on it goes, faster than the speed of screwball but with none of the wit. Molly's Game is his directing debut but he's a dead loss.
Aaron Sorkin's directorial debut is a triumph.
Molly's Game breaks in two.
Chastain...performs marvels of elocution with Sorkin's dialogue, and the mere mechanics of the poker trade are enough to keep you fascinated.
A slickly told and mildly entertaining fluff story with more tiresome voiceovers than any other film I ever saw.
It dives head-first into gender politicking in a man's world with razor-sharp precision and wit. You'll be all in on Molly's Game .
A competently filmed production with some fine performances, but it lacks the focus and showpersonship that would be necessary to make it feel like more.
Impeccable direction of the great Jessica Chastain... [Full review in Spanish]
The female Goodfellas.
It's a movie that flows as quickly as Sorkin's ratatatat dialogue, ever discarding and raising at a dizzying pace, while placing its real ace up the sleeve in plain sight. And her name is Jessica Chastain.
This is Chastain's movie through and through. At this point in her career, it seems almost futile to keep repeating what an incredible actress Chastain is. But once again, she crushes it, storming through this film like a hurricane.
Smart, slick and - thanks to a towering Jessica Chastain performance - more than a bit sexy
As in every Sorkin screenplay, the dialogue cascades at a frenetic pace, but Chastain nails each beat she's given with a performance that's sexy, smart and mesmerizing to behold. Once again, she's the best reason to watch any movie she's in.
Though the ending is poor, Molly's Game is not a wash because of it. Chastain and Elba are successes, and the script is, for the most part, an engaging confection.
As for [Aaron Sorkin's] attempt at a more feminist approach, it's unfortunate that, having finally decided to put a strong, determined woman at the centre of a story, he turns her into an unfeeling and uninteresting robot.
'Molly's Game' is smart and funny, and though there are a couple of typical Sorkin #problematic moments, they're fleeting. This is a major step forward, for both the first-time director and his talented star.
There are no dead beats, no moment where the audience is anything less than engaged with the story and eagerly awaiting to see how it ends.
Throughout this epic tale, Jessica Chastain sustains an incendiary performance as Molly Bloom.
[Aaron] Sorkin's script, which is based on the real-life Molly's memoir, has way too much dialogue and too many voice-overs for the genre. Stick with it. It builds to a worthy climax regardless.
Molly's Game is engaging, exciting, and entertaining from beginning to end. It is an award-worthy directorial debut from Aaron Sorkin and I wouldn't be surprised if Chastain received a nomination for her jaw-dropping performance as Molly Bloom.
... Molly's Game is an exhilarating, superbly crafted crime drama.
When Molly's Game digs into the business of gambling and the whims and vulnerabilities of powerful men who spend mountains of money trying to one-up each other, it is witty, gossipy, and very entertaining.
Sorkin has made a canny, disjointed thriller of process and exposition, a sort of Goodfellas riff with a nerdy twist.
... a typically staccato and silver-tongued drama that boasts a zillion killer lines, at least two of the year's most exciting performances, and a rare understanding of the difference between power and pride.
Beautifully written and acted.
Molly's Game is a successful crime drama, but it's also a film that acknowledges the presence of both good and bad luck in the pursuit of excellence.
Molly's Game is tremendous fun, and Sorkin threads together the storylines and themes with ease.
Aaron Sorkin's indelible wit and naturally fervent performances from Jessica Chastain and Idris Elba prevent Molly's Game from drawing dead.
The frequent pleasures of Molly's Game more than make up for the occasional lapse into Sorkin indulgence.
Molly's Game is Jessica Chastain's movie from start to finish.
The dialogue is paced at about the intensity of a jackhammer and every other sentence uttered ends on a twist of the one that came before it.
It's glorious to see [Idris] Elba working with great dialogue, but the movie belongs to [Jessica] Chastain, who throws herself into this role with abandon and vigor, and sells it completely.
Aaron Sorkin deep dives into self-parody from the opening moments of his directorial debut, Molly's Game.
Sorkin approaches his directorial debut confidently and, thankfully, with ambition, juggling complex exposition with a an exciting visual style. Molly's Game is highly entertaining and positively delightful watch.
Molly's Game is slick, flashy, highly entertaining, and hugely forgettable.
There's a lot missing in Molly's Game, especially regarding its protagonist's personal relationships. But what's there is dandy.
A fascinating story fairly well told with a committed take by its lead.
Jessica Chastain tears into the rich material with the ferociousness of a starving wolf.
What Sorkin's writing can't gloss over is his lack of experience behind the camera, and it's what makes "Molly's Game" a mostly good movie instead of a great one.
Ferociously eloquent, densely packed with ideas, immensely entertaining, Molly's Game is a film which fetishes power and success, while also serving as a cautionary tale.
The experience of watching Molly's Game feels a bit like hearing a long, rambling story from someone high on something, a frantic, exhausting splurge of information that never truly justifies its existence.
In his overdue directorial debut, Sorkin both entertains and makes you lean in to absorb every detail of this wild tale, which boasts a stellar cast to help tell it.
A dense, dynamic, compulsively entertaining affair, whose central role makes stunning use of Chastain's stratospheric talent.
Molly's Game is the Jessica Chastain movie I've been waiting for since Zero Dark Thirty.

@highlight

Powered by an intriguing story and a pair of outstanding performances from Jessica Chastain and Idris Elba, Molly's Game marks a solid debut for writer-director Aaron Sorkin.