I can't call it a success, but it is certainly an outstanding failure, an attempt to broaden the horizons of a stale genre with real discussion of the matters that consume its maker.
It's true "Dominion" is a better prequel than "The Beginning", but in the end, that's not really saying much in either case.
I like both versions of Exorcist IV about the same... It's too bad that a clever editor couldn't have taken the best bits from both films and put them together into a co-directed, successful whole.
Neither a masterpiece nor a failure, it will probably appeal mostly to those with knowledge of its death and miraculous resurrection.
After 32 years, two sequels, and two prequels, The Exorcist remains an impossible act to follow.
"Dominion" isn't outright horror, and a welcome relief from the days where shots are shorter than the hairs on our heads.
Apparently, Schrader never intended to make a horror movie, much to the dismay of the studio.
tiresome and humdrum instead of thrilling
An ambitious failure.
Dominion is only incrementally better than Exorcist: The Beginning and, with both films sharing so many story elements, Harlin is guilty of merely rearranging the deck chairs on Schrader's Titanic.
Schrader's intelligent, quietly subversive pic emphasizes spiritual agony over horror ecstasy, while paying occasional lip-service to the need for scares.
One of the best American horror films in years.
Intriguing, then, mainly for historical and comparison purposes.
The flick is still plagued by occasional tedious patches, bad special effects and silly dialogue (it seems no one caught those problems on either director's watch).
The frights, the scares, they just weren't there.
One instance of a CGI overlay looks as if the VFX crew added hand-drawn temp animation and then forgot to go back for a final polish.
an intriguing near-miss rather than the unintentional laugh-fest that Harlin's version proved to be
The austere, cerebral 'Dominion' is a serious and ambitious alternative to Harlin's movie, but it's only marginally superior to it.
It's a good, thoughtful horror picture -- and thiiis close to being a very good one.
Schrader privileges theological debate over shocks and was neither the ideal director for a franchise horror film nor as incomprehensible a choice as some suggested.
Schrader's Dominion: Prequel to the Exorcist may be slightly more literate than Harlin's dopey schlockfest, but this deadly dull and pretentious film is ultimately just as bad.
Exorcism aside, Dominion is well-acted, handsomely photographed and hauntingly scored.
The Schrader variation is awfully dull, with scant evidence of the sort of things that make horror movies attractive -- like mounting suspense and spine-tingling creepiness and, oh yeah, the element of horror.
To be fair, Schrader's version fails in ways that Harlin's dumbed-down version didn't.
It actually might have been considered pretty good had it been made 30 years ago, when people might have cared about the backstory of Father Merrin.
Harlin's version at least had cheap thrills -- Schrader's has none.
You want... a misunderstood masterpiece, but it's really just a mess, albeit one whose unique place in film history virtually assures it its own... Trivial Pursuit question.
An interesting failure
There's no escaping that Dominion is finally an act of commercial scavenging.
The movie is drenched in atmosphere and dread, as we'd expect from Schrader, but it also has spiritual weight and texture, boldly confronting the possibility that Satan may be active in the world.
At least it's better than some of the earlier Exorcist sequels.
Marred by some of the same problems as Harlin's version -- namely, weak supporting characters, unintentionally funny dialogue and poorly executed special effects.
Dominion is indeed a plodfest, and though it's not as garish as Mr. Harlin's version, it's way too dire for its own good.
The material is right up Schrader's alley, and while his vision of the first 'Exorcist' chapter isn't a masterpiece, it's far superior to the Renny Harlin prequel to The Exorcist.
It's a movie possessed, in the end, not by the devil, just by errant ambition.
Schrader's film is a notch better than Harlin's (it's elegantly framed, and stately where the other one was music-video pushy), but when you boil out the demon feathers...it's the same damn movie.
Ambitious, serious-minded horror opus.
Schrader has done a remarkable job of building up to 'The Exorcist', as if 1973 really is in the future.
I hate to side with bottom line-obsessed studio executives, but Dominion: Prequel to the Exorcist is as dreadfully boring, ridiculous, and pompous as rumored.
Every element is off-key, and the cumulative effect is staggering -- think Showgirls with a demon possession (and Elizabeth Berkeley's dancing doesn't count).
Predictably, Schrader's version -- which stands as the first film to use prequel in its title -- is as sober as Harlin's is beery.






@highlight

While director Schrader's attempt at a literate, internal exposition on evil temptations and human sin is admirable, this prequel suffers from hit-and-miss psychological tension, poor visual effects, and weak writing -- an overambitious failure of a horror movie.