Even Hostel showed more respect for the dead
A boring and repetitive sequel...
The film starts to pick up after it begins borrowing liberally from The Omen, even more liberally than the film's two predecessors which, as freak-accident horror films, are by definition Omen clones.
This one regresses the series to what Roger Ebert, back in the splatter-film '80s, dubbed the Dead Teenager genre.
As a forced, unnecessary addition to the series, it lacks a satisfying relationship to its predecessors while simply rehashing the original's plot ...
I'm not sure how much more overkill this franchise can take ....
So lazily plotted and poorly written, one wonders why New Line didn't just release a half-hour version consisting of nothing but death scenes.
Director James Wong enjoys organizing dangerous objects and circumstances into precariously menacing Rube Goldberg arrangements.
A great date movie for couples who like to share their revulsion at squelchy death scenes and hug each other in dread. Not recommended for the squeamish.
Vapid, pointless and wholly predictable.
...the sick kind of comedy that involves laughing at stupid people being ripped in half, but we know there are plenty of you out there.
In its own morbid little way, this is very much a stand-up-and-cheer -- or shriek, as the case may be -- kind of film.
This film is the least of the three: it lacks the novelty of the first film and the cleverly morbid humor of the second one.
Who needs an intriguing story line when an everyday piece of equipment can be used to splatter someone's head like a festering zit?
With its third outing, the Final Destination series surprisingly gets a second wind.
YOu know, the "Final Destination" movies contain characters who are self-obsessed, cheap, profane and mean-spirited. Maybe that's why it's so much fun to watch them get taken out, one by one.
Enjoyable threequel which delivers handsomely on the demands of the franchise: an attractive cast, inventive direction, a dark sense of humour and increasingly nasty death sequences.
You won't be scared one bit, but that's not exactly the point here. The murder is the only message.
...an entertainingly shallow, undeniably mindless horror flick.
Once more, Wong raises questions of fate and predestination and, while throwing in a tasteless reference to 9/11, fails to address them. It's an orgy of cheerful carnage with no context or purpose and, worst of all, no suspense.
If you like splatter flicks, this is for you.
With inventive ideas like this, the series can clearly run and run. But they really need to take it to another level now.
The notion of horror movie as thrill ride is cannily literalized in the bravura amusement-park opening sequence...
Wong goes on auto-pilot to plot even more despicable ways of killing off the survivors, preferably minus their clothes.
More teenagers dying gruesomely.
It's here to up the ante from Final Destination 2 (which featured a beautiful car pileup, a barbecue explosion and a fire-escape impaling) and instead it creates poetry out of the filmic slaughter.
"Final Destination 3" doesn't strive to be anything more than a loose collection of cool killings.
The people in this movie are some of the stupidest people in the history of movies.
Depends on your tolerance for some very ... uh ... juicy deaths and flying viscera. Face it, you're not watching this for deep meaning.
This third installment of the Final Destination franchise is the most disgusting, and viscerally enjoyable movie blood-bath in years.
It's deja vu all over again
Death may not be quite as creative in past films, but the trick isn't in merely using a tanning bed or a nail gun to kill somebody. It's how you do it.
Some good special effects but the story cannibalizes its own predecessor.
Convincingly pointless and breezy in its hedonistic hokum...Hence, the third time around is not the charm for this foolish and faceless fright flick.
... isn't for everyone, but those in the know who like their horror served up R-rated and over-the-top, Final Destination 3 delivers...
The Final Destination series caters to its target audience without insulting it -- which is why the flicks make so much damn money.
Fans of the series won't be terribly disappointed, but if there's an FD4, I hope they have the sense to scale things back just a little bit. Comparing FD3 to the original proves that a modicum of restraint is most effective.
[Director] Wong and [writer] Morgan honed their skills on The X-Files, Millenium and The Commish and it shows in their ability to create suspense and tension as well as carnage.
Like Saw II (2005), another grisly sequel to a film that seemed to have hit on a foolproof formula, this third Destination blows it, big time.
As a horror flick, Final Destination 3 is literally laughable.
3 suffers in comparison to the insanely inventive 2, which found wittier ways to exploit the idea that laughing and screaming are closely linked methods of relieving tension.
The Final Destination movies may be pointless and crass, but they play on that fascination with malicious efficiency, and 3 is no exception.
Fans of cheap thrills can enjoy FD3 for what it is: A ridiculous teen horror movie that piles on more than enough dry humor and freshly moistened gore to satisfy its lowbrow audience.
If you're a Final Destination fan, it's unlikely that #3 will disappoint. If you like horror/thrillers with plenty of cartoonish blood and gore, this will hit the spot.
The picture returns to the biting humor of the first FD and, in fact, improves and deepens the Rube Goldberg-ian deathtrap scenarios.
These movies have never been my cup of tea, and contemporary horror movies' appetite for pointless sadism leaves me unmoved and not a little alarmed.
Might this be the final Final Destination? Don't bet on it.
The plot has more holes in it than the victims, but the shocks make up for the flaws. Don't think, just watch, and expect a wild ride.
Keeping this series of black-comedy skits fresh is a challenge that the writers don't always meet, and their expository scenes need to be nail-gunned.
After a fiendish start, filmmakers James Wong and Glen Morgan approach their task with all the subtlety of a hammer to the head (or a knife to the gut, or an ax to the back).
If you're into state-of-the art depictions of human pureeing, this is indeed your flick.
Final Destination 3 is junk, and proud of it, but it certainly delivers what it promises.
An uninspired splatterfest that wears its vulgarity on its blood-caked sleeve and is cynical enough to use 9/11 in its vapid story line.
At least the audience I was with laughed more than it screamed.
If this film makes money, and it probably will, there may never be a final Final Destination. And that is the most disturbing thing about this movie.
Final Destination 3 still falls squarely into the category of guilty pleasure, but it's fashioned with a fair amount of craft. If fate should bring us another installment, let's hope it's at least as fun as this one.
Let's just hope that Final Destination 3 really is the final entry in this successful but intellectually bankrupt horror franchise.
The third time around is not the charm, but we can only hope this will be the FINAL final destination.
The original film had pathos and humor; this is gratuitous and silly rather than engaging and funny.
Week in and week out, horror movies cheat us, so it's wonderfully cathartic to watch a bunch of kids cheat death in what turns out to be the best installment yet in the Final Destination franchise.
Granted, nothing here is going to go down in history as a horror classic. But as far as dead-teen flicks go, this is one pretty lively affair.
Morgan and Wong's snarky iterations on their initial premise don't show much development...a fair diversion but, make no mistake, a waste of time.
[A]n unredeemably sadistic film that makes a joke of horrific death. There is absolutely no point to this film except inciting audiences to new levels of bloodlust...
... there's no suspense or tension and little gallows humor, merely dead space between the next spectacular spray of blood and body parts.
But worse than any of this, for the first time in three films this whole Death-is-out-to-get-you scenario is, of all things, boring.
This gory sequel begins with a promising thrill ride, but by the end has become little more than a merry-go-round, spinning pointlessly in circles.
The third film is pretty much what you expect: heads popped and brains yuckily visible.
Wong and Morgan: your diminished returns are ready. Get 'em while they're hot.
Final Destination 3 shouldn't be mistaken for a good film [but] there is an important difference between this and truly odious films like Saw...
it's easily the funniest movie of the year
James Wong makes his return to the series he started, after bowing out for 2003's lackluster sequel, only to essentially remake the first film.
The series has made it work with macabre humor and devilishly clever setups.
The law of diminishing returns is in full effect here.
Robustly embodies the cathartic pleasures of shared scared silliness.
After the third body is completely crushed into salsa chunks, someone from the audience should be allowed to scream 'SEEN IT!'
To get to the good stuff, you have to sit through atrocious dialog, amateur acting, and a snail's pace, and maybe there's 15 minutes of good material here.
Finally, the first great movie of 2006 is here. Final Destination is the only franchise that always delivers everything it promises... I'm so happy.
If you have seen the first two Final Destination movies, you know what you are getting into. If you haven't seen the first two, why start now?
It's official: this is a horror series that actually won't disappoint.
pure, 100% grade-D gunk
The gnawing familiarity of the formula has caught up with the series. Perhaps it's time that Morgan and Wong took the first word of the title seriously and moved on.
The series has gotten to the point where there is now effectively Nothing to See Here.
It's a surprise, really, that this entry is as much fun as it is, but trilogy looks about as far as this destination can go.
At its heart, this second sequel is standard slasher stuff, though director James Wong does rise (or maybe sink) to the occasion with grisly staging.
Gore fans will doubtless enjoy the film, which could spin off several more sequels. After all, Death is the one villain you can't ever kill off.
There's nothing new, but in the case of the Final Destination films, new is not necessary.
Final Destination 3 manages to push all the requisite buttons and then some.
The problem with FD3 is since it is clear to everyone who must die and in what order, the drama is reduced to a formula in which ominous events accumulate while the teenagers remain oblivious.
With a premise as cavalier as this, perhaps director James Wong could have found a tone more original than post-Wes Craven cynicism. Instead, he panders to viewers, allowing them to take gleeful comfort in the destruction of the stupid and doomed.
It's more dead teenagers and lunatic determinism in this grim third installment of the enjoyably preposterous Final Destination franchise.
You can't cheat death. (But apparently you can cheat audiences over and over.)
Not having seen Final Destination (1 or 2), I am perhaps not in the best position to judge Final Destination 3. On the other hand, I know a stinker when I see one.
All we can say is: Death be not proud. If you have to work this hard to take down these dim-witted kids, you don't deserve to be a cosmic force.
You have all the ingredients here of the pernicious id roiling in the secret think-pan of most thoughtful Americans.
Do the producers of this overdone trilogy understand the concept of 'final'?
You could condemn such a movie for being such a smirking, calculatedly cheesy gore-fest. But that would presume that the movie aspires to be anything else.
Each demise serves as a testament to a refreshingly old-fashioned villain -- not another nut-job human with a saw, but a dedicated ghoul with a job to complete.
Absent of the edgy suspense, creativity and thoughtful moments of existentialism that had previously made this horror series more than just a cheap study in evisceration and decapitations.
Les amateurs de morbidité y trouveront un plaisir indéniable
Easily the best of the series, [it] blends serious fright with funny situations ... as in the deaths that occur at the Phoenix Tanning salon.
The movie gives you the fun and fright of a roller coaster, which is nice, since you may not be riding those anymore after watching this.
A desultorily plotted affair that feels less like a thriller than a homicidal checklist.
The plot's pretty lame, the dialogue is downright hokey, and the characters are a bore, but somehow Final Destination 3 (an oxymoron if there ever was one) still delivers a certain degree of over-the-top amusement.
It's an escalating contest of can-you-top-this brutality, with each death staged as the final link in a Rube Goldberg chain reaction.
A reminder of how low a filmmaker will sink to pander to our most corrupt tendencies.
Final Destination 3 has plenty of giddy gore and a couple of suspense-driven scares, these days that's really all you can ask from a horror movie.
If you're willing to overlook some plot holes big enough for a conductor to drive a subway train through and all you want is total, complete and grisly annihilation, then 'All Aboard!' You'll love Final Destination 3.
I'm a fan. The guys in the audience shouted at the clever, cruel deaths: "Nice!"
The notion of butchery as a spectator event notwithstanding, there's an almost admirably workmanlike quality to the way co- scenarists Glen Morgan and James Wong set up their characters for carnage like so many fleshy bowling pins.
It's disturbing by not being disturbing at all.
Death finds gloriously grisly new ways to deal with teenagers who dare to spit in his face.
Whether conscious or not on the part of the filmmakers, the gory logic follows America's understandable desire to rationalize the effects of such physical violence that its invisible soldiers are suffering in Afghanistan and Iraq.





@highlight

Final Destination 3 is more of the same: gory and pointless, with nowhere new to go.