Wes Anderson's overly considered cinematic world has never felt so expansive, enveloping, and infectiously fun.
The theme seems to be a kind of late-Edwardian Euro whimsy along Wodehousian lines... except that Wodehouse was really funny, and Anderson really isn't.
Whether you call this an exaggeratedly tall tale or simply a good old shaggy dog story, its ultimate meaning matters less than its maker's lavish deployment of a whimsy so powerful it could almost be thermonuclear.
Discerning travellers and Wes Anderson fans will luxuriate in the glorious Mittel-European kitsch of one of the director's funniest and most exquisitely designed movies in years.
Anderson proposes a kind of chivalric novel with nineteenth century airs from a wonderful staging... [Full review in Spanish]
This whimsical tale oozes charm while brisk editing lets you enjoy - but not be overwhelmed by - cakes like mountains and mountains like cakes, chandeliers, perfumed men and Persian pussies.
It's the most emotionally satisfying Anderson film since Rushmore, and its quirks and whimsies are kept right on the edge of indulgence without ever actually tipping over.
[Wes Anderson's] nostalgia, like his set design, is so contrived that I don't believe he really believes in it as anything other than a visual style. The Grand Budapest Hotel is a perfect miniature world, but it left me cold.
As usual, it's beautifully set-designed, impeccably scored and acted with all the emotion of Hannibal Lecter on a bender.
It's one to lose yourself in.
There's a slightly darker edge to The Grand Budapest Hotel than Anderson's previous efforts.
In The Grand Budapest Hotel we can sense both a progression and summarizing of the entire Wes Anderson canon.
Just plain fun, full of the filmmaker's signature flourishes and curlicues, worked out with skill and finesse.
Wes Anderson makes great kid movies. He had me at 'Moonrise Kingdom' and 'Fantastic Mr. Fox.' Grown-up movie-wise, Wes's weird world makes this reviewer weary.
For anyone who has long suspected Wes Anderson of being a master technician in search of his heart, The Grand Budapest Hotel joyfully announces that the quest is over.
Whimsical, frothy fun doesn't go down any easier than this, let alone with a performance as marvelous as Fiennes'.
I can't claim Anderson doesn't have a certain power as a filmmaker. But after watching The Grand Budapest Hotel, it seems clear he doesn't use his power for good.
The Grand Budapest Hotel is not a callous work, but it's about packing painful experience in storage.
Wes Anderson's superb eye for visual storytelling comes to a head with this luscious murder mystery that starts out in an exclusive luxury hotel and thrills the audience throughout Europe.
A grownup storybook of a movie spun out of candy-colored nonsense that challenges you to embrace its falseness and deny its romance.
Even a squirrelly director finds a nut once in a while.
Ralph Fiennes holds civilization together with little more than his impeccable manners and mustache in Wes Anderson's absurdist dollhouse of a tragicomedy.
Many Wes Anderson films have been intricately laced together, the ingredients blending just so. But nothing matches this perfectly layered concoction, wrapped up in an impeccable confectioner's bow.
In theory, we all should know that stepping into a theater automatically makes what we are about to see a story within a story - but director Wes Anderson delights in showing us the artifice
Wes Anderson has outdone himself, proving to be the reigning Mother of Invention.
"The Grand Budapest Hotel" is not his grandest work yet, but it is one worth an extended stay.
With apologies to Willy Wonka and his wallpaper-licking visitors, the titular Alpine resort is the most edible-looking lodge in cinema: a multitiered, pink-frosted castle designed to endure as an ambrosial memory.
Those like myself who admire auteur-driven filmmaking can celebrate with the release of "The Grand Budapest Hotel," the best movie of 2014 at this early stage, and perhaps likely to remain so for some time to come.
Once again, Anderson has managed to make an affecting, funny movie; it may be more melancholy than most, but bittersweet love is love nonetheless, and The Grand Budapest Hotel is worth visiting multiple times.
Anderson's admirers will love it, while those who resist his quirky mix of deadpan precision and manic disorder must grant that it fits the story he tells here.
The mannered, madcap proceedings are often delightful, occasionally silly, and here and there, gruesome and/or heartbreaking.
The result is as offbeat as any of Anderson's films, but more heartfelt than most.
The lingering impact of the movie is slighter than it hopes to be, a pastiche full of sound and whimsy, signifying nothing.
There's more creativity and inventiveness on display here than in the rest of last weekend's top 10 box-office draws combined.
No matter who you are, this movie will charm your dandy pants off and then some.
"The Grand Budapest Hotel" is Anderson's finest attempt at film whimsy. He's created a movie that is as visually stunning as it is smartly written.
Like most of Anderson's films -- and Gustave himself -- the film is rather pleased with itself, but its exuberant humour and pacy plot keep it accessible while Fiennes delivers his funniest role ever.
While The Grand Budapest Hotel is delightfully good fun, it's the moments of pathos and black humour that reveal the scope of its achievements.
The Grand Budapest Hotel isn't just a fantastic argument for Anderson as artist -- it's probably the best formally interesting movie that's also meaningful in years.
We have another minor masterpiece to add to [Anderson's] growing pile of textiles.
People tend to either love or hate Anderson's direction. I don't think this film will change anyone's mind, but if you do do enjoy his work, I think that you'll really enjoy this one.
This is a visually stunning film, but above all it's a hugely enjoyable one.
I like Anderson when he's making movies about childhood -- "Rushmore," or "Fantastic Mr. Fox" -- but when he ventures into the realm of adulthood, he seems out of his jurisdiction.
Wes Anderson's latest opus, The Grand Budapest Hotel, is bloody bonkers and simply splendid.
Grand isn't good enough a word for this Budapest Hotel. Great is more like it.
Anderson's films are too precious for some, but for those of us willing to lose ourselves in them, they're a delight. "The Grand Budapest Hotel" is no different, except that he has added a hint of gravitas to the mix, improving the recipe.
"The Grand Budapest Hotel" is about far more than just a ridiculous play of manners of a bygone age. It is truly a celebration of narration and of storytelling.
While the enigmatic details and nuances are the very treasures and treats being gifted, they are mere trinkets when not combined with the style and imagery that Anderson has forged from his creative spirit.
A joy and sight to behold from beginning to end, The Grand Budapest Hotel is pure filmmaking delight. It's one of 2014's best.
The Grand Budapest Hotel is funny and offbeat, zips along at a pleasing pace, and in M. Gustave has a truly memorable leading character.
What is remarkable is that instead of overcooking this film, the big names add value to a remarkably inventive and wholeheartedly fun, cinema-going experience.
The Grand Budapest Hotel may be Wes Anderson's most finely-crafted film to date, and is one that even the filmmaker's detractors should be able to appreciate.
Wes Anderson mais Wes Anderson do que nunca.
Hundreds of precious little moments but not much beyond extravagant artifice to sink your teeth into.
The ultimate reason why [it] feels fresh and vibrant [is because] it harkens so far back in movie history to find its inspiration that it proves the old "everything old is new again" maxim is true.
A beautiful dream that helps us deal with the slings and arrows of our banal real world with a little more pluck.
Anderson and his crew build an impeccable, elaborate world that is opulent and breathtaking, yet somewhat silly.
The movie may suffer from some of its quick-and-done plotting, but its quality of humor, spectacle, and acting is all top notch.
Anderson's film looks good enough to eat; swallowing it is another matter.
This wacky screwball comedy, loosely based on stories by Stefan Zweig, has a plot so labyrinthine and frantic it is hardly worth following, except for the fantastic sets and appealing central characters played by Ralph Fiennes and Tony Revolori.
An argument could be made that this is Wes Anderson's best film.
Anderson's sights are like scenes from a storybook, and the actors move and speak with a clockwork cadence that adds to the sense of comedic orchestration.
Watching Wes Anderson quietly and unsentimentally make Zero the hero of The Grand Budapest Hotel should win over some of the director's detractors.
It is a film that maintains its illusion with grace-and ruefully unmasks that illusion every bit as gracefully.
Fans of director Wes Anderson, here's what you've been waiting for since you saw 'Moonrise Kingdom.' 'The Grand Budapest Hotel' is another comedy with quirky characters and oddball encounters.
A typically witless comedy from Wes Anderson that has about as much to do with Stefan Zweig as it does with WWII and Nazism, the disasters that led to Zweig's suicide in 1942. A total travesty.
Runs in the vein of Anderson's more exotic pictures (think 'The Life Aquatic' and 'The Darjeeling Limited').
Any single frame qualifies for wall space in a cinematic museum as the players ingeniously apply their emotive elasticity to fit the Anderson universe.
Eloquent, offbeat and charming, The Grand Budapest Hotel is Anderson's most accomplished film to date.
Fiennes is magnificent, his droll wit and a "keep calm and carry on" delivery occasionally peppered with highlights of profanity and fire. Comedic timing perfection.
Wes Anderson's The Grand Budapest Hotel is a work of visceral, madcap comedic genius.
Another visually scrumptious cinematic doily from America's master of over-designed whimsy, Wes Anderson, and this one is measurably better than many of his previous efforts in that there's something resembling a plot at the heart of it.
Filled with fully fleshed out characters, amazing dialogue and a look that is right out of the 1940s, the film travels smoothly on the shoulders of Ralph Fiennes.
A fairytale for adults, this is Anderson's über-film thus far, utilising the entire breadth and astonishing depth of his imagination to bear exquisite humour and life in every single, immaculately composed shot.
Anderson's focus on oddball humor, audaciously eloquent dialogue, and cartoonish absurdity remains central and doesn't get derailed by the overly forced attempts at familial pathos that have marred some of his other films
swallowed whole by the grey beast solipsism.
It's satisfying to see this level of craftsmanship applied to a film that is often so silly it's a pure delight to watch.
From every angle, The Grand Budapest Hotel delivers so much to love, laugh along with, and lean forward for a better look at.
This is full of the elements you expect to find in a Wes Anderson film. There are lovingly composed tableaus - each a marvel of production design - immaculately designed uniforms for both soldiers and hotel bellboys and a sighting of Bill Murray.
This is about as fun as movie-going gets. Fans of Anderson's work should love it; those who've disliked the artifice and nostalgia of his earlier films will find those elements put to more entertaining use here.
Anderson is at the middle of point of his life, considering the uncertainty of the world.
Often lazily and unfairly accused of crafting works that trump style over substance, Anderson's painstaking attention to detail here beautifully serves the story.
It's an eloquent, observant and mature comedy about the decay of an era.
The Grand Budapest Hotel is as inventive and immaculately orchestrated a cinematic universe as I've ever seen.
It is beautifully designed, visually ravishing and symmetrical to the nth degree. And it is full of frantic chaos, with a Lord of Misrule at its centre played with effortless comic brilliance by Ralph Fiennes.
The success of Anderson's admirable ambition is to have elevated anachronism, pastiche, personal passions and larger cultural memory to a heady froth, but one that also knows the butt-end of a rifle.
The result is a deliciously rich and, dare I say, old-fashioned entertainment, filled with affectionate jokes and cinematic references.
In addition to being a character-driven caper, beautifully designed, it's also an excellent tribute to the act of yearning for a better world.
The Grand Budapest Hotel is another feather in the cap of this wonderful director. It's quaint, charming and poignant.
Every single frame ... is mesmerising, fascinating, surprising, fabulous, a stunning construct of colours and textures, the surreal and the visceral
Brilliantly conceived and executed ... dry, droll and delightful. It's a treasure trove of wonders - visually and emotionally - with its stylised, colourful production design
With his latest, the time has arrived to stop thinking of Anderson's movies as great to look at and start thinking of them simply as great.
Farcical pleasures are plentiful in Wes Anderson's The Grand Budapest Hotel, set in an eastern European republic steeped in Marxism. Groucho, not Karl.
Funny, if not gut-busting, and well-executed, if not a masterpiece.
The film that Wes Anderson was born for.
Anderson's script is sharp and funny, and never bashful about pausing the laughs for such melancholic reflections, mostly to grieve the loss of a time and place, and occasionally the people.
Anderson serves his guests meticulously assembled fun in "The Grand Budapest Hotel."
A stylistic and thematic progression, it's Anderson's most complex, nuanced effort, and his bawdiest, perhaps funniest, screenplay yet. It may be his masterpiece.
Can you make a successful comedy entirely out of eccentric, marginally related episodes? The Grand Budapest Hotel proves it's possible, if you're Wes Anderson.
Dreams die gentle deaths as characters adjust and adapt, and try to find humanity in a world in which the problems of a few little people don't amount to a hill of beans - except to them, and their world is our world.
Wes Anderson's delightfully original, bittersweet, slyly campy saga of murder, theft and conspiracy that becomes a whimsical, madcap romp.
A sublime whodunit designed for cinephiles with sophisticated palates.
Like the tool-stuffed pastries baked by the film's winsome young Agatha, 'The Grand Budapest Hotel' is an irresistible frosted confection with a steely, purposeful center.
Just like its namesake, there is something outrageously regal about the movie 'The Grand Budapest Hotel' that makes it a warm and exciting place to check into.
The best film of Wes Anderson's career.
Like Gene Hackman in The Royal Tenenbaums, Fiennes seems both in sync and immune to Anderson's fastidious nature. It's a tour-de-force performance that should earn an Oscar nomination but will most likely be overlooked in favor of more sober portrayals.
The movie is a flume ride through the imagination of one of the most creative minds making movies today, and the pleasure curls your toes. Also, be ready to crave some macaroons.
Each part is plum and comedically necessary. Who would have even thought of casting Tilda Swinton or Ralph Fiennes in a wild comedy? Voilà, they seem perfectly cast.
No film has even come close to matching The Royal Tenenbaums, until now
A wondrous celebration of everything that Wes Anderson holds dear - while moving farther away from being a universally recommendable title for casual viewers.
Wes Anderson checks into a grand hotel
Whrilwind storytelling leaves the emotional core behind
You will check in to the Grand Budapest Hotel and find yourself not wanting to leave!
"Budapest" is pretty much an old-fashioned screwball comedy garishly dressed. It's goofy, eccentric and often downright silly. There are many scenes that would have worked in a "Three Stooges" movie.
Budapest Hotel, a vibrant, cheeky throwback to 1930s caper comedies, contains the same high degree of craftsmanship as [Anderson's] other films. There's just more of it.
As the actors race, chase and escape across, through and from mansions, mountains and prisons, they bring deadpan theatricality to the old-world artifice and confectionary palette.
After feeding on this sweet buffet, sated cinephiles will want to call the front desk to extend their stay.
When people say, 'They don't make movies like that anymore,' they are wrong. Wes Anderson makes movies like that anymore, and 'The Grand Budapest Hotel' -- part comedy caper, part adventure, and all quirky, embraceable whimsy -- is proof.
This hotel caper may be Wes Anderson firing on all his quaint idiosyncratic cylinders
A brilliant film that is funny, marvelously creative and always just a little bit sad. Easily the best film to come along this year -- and it will probably still be at the end of the year.
I'm bothered when an overabundance of surface effects covers up a ringingly hollow purpose, containing very little except authorial will.
In typical Wes Anderson fashion, its impeccable design and je ne sais quoi will win you over.
Dense, energetically presented and wonderful - though as my friend suggested, for those first five minutes you'd be forgiven for thinking Anderson was retreading his old tropes a few too many times. Those feelings disappear by the sixth minute.
...content to operate at an almost infuriating level of consistent quirkiness...
Even with its time period well established and most characters donning really impressive mustaches, The Grand Budapest Hotel is a disappointing yet mildly satisfying Wes Anderson film.
In its own silly, artificial way, it's the first Anderson film to acknowledge the existence of a world outside its own little toy box and to ground its characters' nostalgia in something resembling actual historical reality.
All the cutesiness in the world can't really make what was beginning to happen in 1930s Europe remotely charming, as Anderson seems to want to do.
The comedy in The Grand Budapest Hotel is among the broadest yet undertaken by Anderson. But amid the frenzied hubbub, there are intimations of a darker, sadder history unfolding.
If a movie can be elegantly zany, this wholly imaginative, assured fable of a legendary concierge Gustave H. (Ralph Fiennes), his protégé Zero (Tony Revolori) and the murder of a countess, is it.
In The Grand Budapest Hotel, Anderson's eighth feature, the director invests his trademark whimsy with spectacular ambition, and the result is the most richly entertaining film of his career.
Will charm not only the filmmaker's devoted cult but possibly a few of his detractors.
Madcap and exhilarating --- I absolutely loved every minute of "The Grand Budapest Hotel".
The late Robert Altman would have loved this film, which practically demands a second viewing.
Whereas many of Anderson's early films felt a little rough around the edges, The Grand Budapest Hotel - with its shifting aspect ratios, creamy photography, and oh-so-careful 90-degree camera swivels - feels impeccable
I was so busy delighting in its breathtaking aesthetic complexity that I suspect the story will work magic on me in later viewings. That's what happened with The Life Aquatic.
The most sophisticated and cosmopolitan comic cinema of our time.
A whimsical, confectionery delight filled with Old World charm and a hint of sadness.
It's the movie equivalent of a rich and delicious dessert.
Good, but not the director's best work, it's fun to visit 'The Grand Budapest Hotel.' I just felt it could have been a briefer trip with less highlights and a little more substance. (Content Review for Parents Also Available)
Imagine a blend of The Muppet Movie, Mel Brooks, and Where's Waldo? and you're halfway to the carnival ride viewing experience Anderson delivers with this gem.
A vibrant murder mystery with a zip in its step, a lump in its throat & grandstanding lead performance by Ralph Fiennes.
The whole of The Grand Budapest Hotel ... is something entirely different from Anderson, even if the particulars ... are entirely familiar.
From the start, it's clear Anderson is working with a new sophistication both in the vocabulary and structure of the film's voiceover narrations.
The Grand Budapest Hotel is by far the most headlong comedic affair in Anderson's canon. It's practically Marx Brothers-ian at moments. And Fiennes - who knew he was capable of such wicked, witty timing?!
Fiennes is on fire in one of the best roles of his career.
Anderson is the master of "saudade," the nostalgia for something you never had or that never existed.
It's quintessential Anderson, in other words, but also an unabashed entertainment. And that's something to see.
Anderson's customary lavish production values render the spectacle a visual treat while a quality script maintains decent momentum.
The Grand Budapest Hotel is Wes Anderson's best movie yet, full of whimsy and attention to detail but told in the context of a great fall -- the disappearance of grace and manners in Europe amid the rise of the Nazis.
It's clever, and thanks to Fiennes and the inspired production design, it's a whole lot of fun. But it's also flat -- apparently by design.
it's Fiennes, under a fairly standard but still formidable stache -- somewhere between a Geraldo and a Selleck -- who is the film's emotional core.
Playing an Old World charmer with clipped diction and a deliciously foul mouth, Fiennes, making his debut with Anderson's stock company, falls into lockstep with the filmmaker's unmistakable universe.
With "The Grand Budapest Hotel," Wes Anderson is up to his old tricks but with a magnanimous new confidence that feels like a gift.
The entire movie is like a giant, elaborately decorated cake, created by this most exacting of film craftsmen. And how tasty it is!
A delight to the eye, intricatey designed and flawlessly crafted...[with] a streak of tenderness and melancholy to go along with Anderson's characteristic whimsy and wit.
it's a caper, and an adventure and a comedy and a sad drama- all of it quintessentially Anderson.
The Grand Budapest Hotel is a marvelous spectacle.
[Anderson's pictures are] comical without actually being funny, inventive without being freely playful, momentous without being dramatic. The emotional oxygen that would ignite them gets smothered in self-conscious cleverness.
With this film, Anderson has proven he is one of the greatest American directors working today.
Welcome to The Grand Budapest Hotel: An intimate and charming retreat with supreme comfort and guest-themed hospitality.
The tender friendship between the wide-eyed Zero and the worldly Gustave gives this movie an emotional core that isn't always an Anderson priority.
What follows is a rousing epic, with quintessential Anderson touches (miniatures, quirky camera work, fantastically implausible stunts), and beautiful set design.
I would call "The Grand Budapest Hotel" major whimsy. It's a confection with bite, featuring an ensemble led by the invaluable Ralph Fiennes, here allowed to exercise his farceur's wiles.
The movie's sad undertone saves "The Grand Budapest Hotel" from its own zaniness - or better yet, elevates the zaniness, making it feel like an assertion of some right to be silly, or some fundamental human expression.
If Anderson buries relatively little moral substance under lavish dollops of rich cream, at least he, like his fascinating protagonist, sustains the illusion with a marvelous grace.
I'm not sure what the formal definition of a masterpiece is, but "The Grand Budapest Hotel" strikes me as something very close.
Anderson shows the value of a filmmaker working at the full, precise capacity of a master chef. The Grand Budapest Hotel is the movie that earns him his third Michelin star.
Every frame is carefully composed like the illustrations from a beloved book (characters are precisely centered; costumes are elaborately literal); the dialogue feels both unexpected and happily familiar.
Mostly delightful. It can give you the foreboding you feel when encountering the word "artisanal," but otherwise this nested story of Central European skullduggery seems to have more of a spine than anything he's made since Fantastic Mr. Fox.
It offers an engaging 90+ minutes of unconventional, comedy-tinged adventure that references numerous classic movies while developing a style and narrative approach all its own.
"The Grand Budapest Hotel" shows Anderson engaging with the world outside his meticulously composed frames like never before.
You know what to expect when watching one of Anderson's films, and his latest doesn't disappoint, overflowing with colorful characters, zany plot twists and sublime production design.
"A comedy about the tragedy of nostalgia..."
A sobering message movie that still know hows to tickle us with a goofy ski chase that is joyously and purely Wes Anderson through and through.
The best film of Anderson's film to date, 'The Grand Budapest Hotel' is amusing and it looks spectacular...
It's an infinitely rewatchable treat let down only by what Mary Berry might call the plot's 'soggy middle' involving will disputes and prison breaks.
There is no space in The Grand Budapest Hotel. No vacancy. It is absolutely stuffed with plot points. There is no room to breathe, no room for a joke to settle (or even register) before Anderson has shuttled us off somewhere else.
A sort of a shaggy-dog story told with manic verve and the narrative dexterity of a meticulously plotted mystery.
The opéra-bouffe plot serves as a strand of bright golden wire on which Anderson hangs innumerable encounters, scampering chases, and an archly decorative style of commentary.
Both Anderson's most tightly wound and funniest film in years, lacking the melancholy charm of The Royal Tenenbaums or Moonrise Kingdom perhaps, but more than making up for it in terms of elegantly capering contrivance.
I am sure that the cast and crew had a great deal of fun but the finished product is too much of an indulgence to get a place as one of the writer-director's best works.
A bravura chunk of pastiche.
This beautiful film is at its best when it so delicately underscores one of its major ideas, that of learning to let go of a past - a romantic way of life, a virtuous belief system, genteel traditions and rituals - in order to move on with the present.
It's a time capsule, showing us the twilight of a man and his era, subverting rosy nostalgic currents to memorialize life's fleeting shadow.
Set in a deluxe spa hotel occupying an imaginary corner of Mitteleuropa between the wars, Wes Anderson's new film pampers the viewer with its sumptuous visual delights, sparkling dialogue and absurdly enjoyable comic intrigue.
A vivid, multilayered story of history and fantasy, fiction and emotional truth, which only falters when it ventures too close to events whose harrowing reality probably shouldn't be reduced to a quirky backdrop for the filmmaker's twee melodramas.
An Anderson confection is always a visual and aural delight.
...a fitfully amusing cuckoo clockworks, but although its nostalgic yearnings for the craftsmanship of yesterday, a Sehnsucht, is palpable, it lacks the real heart found in Anderson's better works.
Witty, whimsical farce with some cartoonish violence.
It's Fiennes who coolly walks off with the film. Switching seamlessly between courtliness and profanity, he displays a gift for comic timing that's rarely been unleashed since his Essex gang boss in 2007's In Bruges.
What smothers the comedy is the palpable effort that goes into each set piece or joke. The whimsical tone grows wearisome when the gags fall flat.
Against the backdrop of a new locale, as well as a mosaic of cameos that move the plot forward through each new farcical twist, the film achieves a wonderful rhythm in which we're delighted to expect the unexpected, and sometimes we're still surprised.
Add in the director's gift for nesting stories, his taste for grotesques and his exquisite eye, and you have the best Wes Anderson film in a decade
A higgledy-piggledy tutti-frutti concoction that also has its share of old-world melancholy.
What's special about this film is that, while it bears all the hallmarks of his by-now entirely too familiar style, it also finds him acknowledging the limitations of that style when it butts up against a certain measure of reality
The Grand Budapest Hotel is not so much a movie as ordinarily understood as a Wunderkammer or cabinet of curiosities.
While Anderson delights in creating a fictional (but very real) mittel-Europe, he also does it with the craft of old Hollywood, using carefully made miniatures and handpainted backdrops.
Wes Anderson's entertaining filmmaking style clicks beautifully into focus for this comical adventure.
A clockwork wedding cake, a caper movie sprinkled with pixie dust, a picture that sends you scrambling for clever metaphors and failing to find them.
To answer some folks who claim to enjoy Anderson's movies while also grousing that they wish he would apply his cinematic talents in a "different" mode: no, this isn't the movie in which he does what you think you want, whatever that is.
This is one of Anderson's funniest and most fanciful movies, but perversely enough it may also be his most serious, most tragic and most shadowed by history, with the frothy Ernst Lubitsch-style comedy shot through with an overwhelming sense of loss.
With comic timing like this, Fiennes is wasted on Shakespeare.
Director Wes Anderson's films are so artistically exquisite that they should be framed and mounted. And this effort may be his most astounding.
Gorgeous, whimsical and wonderfully imaginative, The Grand Budapest Hotel is a dazzling piece of eye candy with a deceptively emotional center - in other words, it's Anderson's most ambitious and impressive film to date.
It is a gorgeous film to look at.
Grand Budapest is a culmination of the tinkly music-box aesthetic of Anderson's work to date, turned up to 11.
It's a mature, intricately layered visual delight.
[The Grand Budapest Hotel] makes the best possible argument in favor of artistic fussiness, packing layers of allusions, characters, jokes, plot turns, and emotion into a film that carries itself with the lightness of a soufflé.
Anderson works so assiduously to create obsessively detailed on-screen worlds that the effect has sometimes been hermetic, even stifling. "The Grand Budapest," however, is anything but.
In Anderson's hands, the revolution is ridiculous, and that buys him room to grapple with some big ideas at the same time in what I am sure is one of the best films he's made to date.
It's a filigreed toy box of a movie, so delicious-looking you may want to lick the screen. It is also, in the Anderson manner, shot through with humor, heartbreak and a bruised romantic's view of the past.
Mr. Anderson's lovely confection ... keeps us smiling, and sometimes laughing out loud. Yet acid lurks in the cake's lowest layers.
The ornamental riches queue up: production design, star cast, pastiche stylings of gesture, costume, dialogue in a story set in Belle Époque Central Europe. But not a sustaining calorie, narrative or dramatic, in sight.
Watched once, it's the most entertaining movie in theaters. Revisited, it's the saddest.
As with all of Anderson's films, the magic is in the cast. Fiennes, with his rapid-fire delivery and rapier mustache, is hilarious, dapper and total perfection.
There are hints that Fiennes has it in him to portray a worthwhile human being here -- tender, smart, impulsive, humane, and witty -- but this potential is smothered by Anderson's chronic preference for guest stars and demented art direction.
Divine pastries, divine clothes, divine period trappings, but, as with most of Anderson's films, I was never moved or understood what mattered, if any of it mattered. I'm even forgetting it as I'm remembering it, as if it had been no more than a dream.
True enchantment will elude those, like me, who remain impervious to Anderson's affected style and whimsical humour.
An absolute treat from start to finish ...
Time to check out (or into) The Grand Budapest Hotel.
A deeply pleasurable immersion.
This movie makes a marvelous mockery of history, turning its horrors into a series of graceful jokes and mischievous gestures. You can call this escapism if you like. You can also think of it as revenge.
Imaginative, charming and wonderfully funny. It's sure to become one of Anderson's most beloved narratives.
Anderson has made a madcap caper that doubles as a winsome eulogy for such archaic virtues as glamour, civility, and dutiful customer service.
Presented like a Tintin comic strip with just a hint of early Hitchcock.
For once, Anderson will let his airless snow globe be shaken and dropped, and in this case crudely glued back together by Communism, coyly referred to as the time of "common property"
In the end it's Fiennes who makes the biggest impression. His stylized, rapid-fire delivery, dry wit and cheerful profanity keep the movie bubbling along. Here's to further Fiennes-Anderson collaborations.
[It] feels like Wes Anderson's most heartfelt film thus far. One that effortlessly straddles genres and works as both a nostalgic paean to a more innocent time and an examination of the very nature of storytelling itself.
We're used to a Wes Anderson movie charming us. Get ready for one that's downright thrilling.
I amaze myself by liking this latest lunatic cocktail as much as I do.
I've had my Wes Anderson breakthrough - or maybe it's that he's had his. The Grand Budapest Hotel is a marvelous contraption, a wheels-within-wheels thriller that's pure oxygenated movie play.
It is the deft, exceptionally light touch that Fiennes brings to moments both comic and serious that gives this engine its fuel.
The auteur's style-dramatic zooms, winking symmetry-is balanced against a newfound political context; this one's his To Be or Not to Be.
Europe is just this nutty place where a lot of crazy mixed-up stuff happened and look at this darling model ski lift! That's Wes Anderson: He can't see the forest for the twee.
A madcap, inventive, and wonder-inducing creation about the arts of living from the inimitable writer and director Wes Anderson.
Wes Anderson delivers a luxury film experience in the shape of The Grand Budapest Hotel, a feast for the eyes with a ritzy, glitzy cast and touches of comedy gold courtesy of Ralph Fiennes.
Every shot is gorgeously framed, with screwball rhythms patterned after 1930s European ironists such as Ernst Lubitsch and Billy Wilder.
Another meticulously stylish and deadpan Wes Anderson movie that walks the fine line between masterpiece and folly.
It's fitting that a recurring piece of pastry plays a role in the story, since Wes Anderson seems to be daring us to view his work as mere confection, while offering subtle evidence that there's more at play.
Behind the predictably whimsical yarn of a hotel concierge on the run lies a darker tale of pre-war Europe, a land of intrigue, disease, love and bubbling violence.
A movie that, for all its gorgeous frills and furbelows ... never seemed to me to be quite sure what it was about.
Anderson's most ambitious, most mature and giddiest comedy yet.
An exquisitely calibrated, deadpan-comic miniature that expands in the mind and becomes richer and more tragic.
Wes Anderson's eighth film dazzles and delights as if it has been liberated from the pages of a beautifully illustrated storybook.
A memory of a memory, a fastidious, whimsical take on real horrors - a storybook samizdat that entices with madcap adventure then goes in for the kill with existential dread.
It's his grandest plaything to date, his most splendid and glittering toy -- yet for all the ornamentation on display, it's also his most human and humane.
Wes Anderson's post-Fantastic Mr Fox whimsy hits its stride as storybook style meets thematic substance in this gorgeous, joyful, yet far from featherlight end-of-an-era yarn.
Anderson has conquered scale and story, balancing humor and deep emotion. His antic period piece about a "liberally perfumed" concierge of a once-grand Eastern European resort (Ralph Fiennes), is charming, wondrous, nostalgic and dazzlingly original.
[Wes Anderson's] new film, The Grand Budapest Hotel, ranks among his best, an ambitious and highly original concoction featuring an irresistible lead performance by Ralph Fiennes.
Lush and gorgeous and colorful and twee and utterly obviously fake.
Like the eye-catching cakes Agatha makes, Wes Anderson's eighth feature has a heft beneath its icing, heart behind its artifice. Check in, and you won't want to leave.
No amount of visual invention can substitute for characters, though, and Anderson doesn't so much write characters anymore as recruit a great cast and dress them up.
Wes Anderson is the Willy Wonka of art films. He works in a land of pure imagination. You never know what will be around the next corner. But you do have a sense of what the chocolate will taste like.
The film's shaggy-dog, sort-of-whodunit yarn offers laughs and energy that make this Anderson's most fun film since Rushmore.
An opulent and strangely moving caper movie.
[The Grand Budapest Hotel] might just be the most Wes Anderson-y film yet made by Wes Anderson.
It's Anderson's darkest work yet - and, despite its far-off setting, one of his most hauntingly personal.
The downside of incredibly choreographed, ornately patterned, sumptuously appointed music box scenes is that they tend to render the characters as sexless wooden figurines.
Even those of us who genuinely look forward to the cinematic adventure that is each and every Wes Anderson film can be disappointed.
Not only does Anderson create a country here, he creates a parallel, but slightly crazy-mirror version of history too, all delivered through the prism of Golden Age Hollywood comedies-we truly cannot fault his ambition.
A little real human feeling and a lot of real-world filming would do more for both Anderson's career and audience than yet another of his seemingly endless, seemingly fruitless clockwork comedic contraptions
It's in Ralph Fiennes's performance as M. Gustave, his Andersonian affectless ruptured by real pathos and frustration, that The Grand Budapest grounds itself.
It's a typical Anderson film, flourishing in a world of its own, which Fiennes inhabits and oversees to the manor born.
Wes Anderson's ingenious and imaginative The Grand Budapest Hotel beautifully delivers 100 minutes of pure delight.
Over the years, Wes Anderson's movies have steadily developed a lush, eccentric world that operates on its own terms, and "The Grand Budapest Hotel" excels at exploring it.
Anderson has hit on the ideal narrative context for his restless romanticism and production design fetish.
This is the moment in the Anderson oeuvre when he turns to consider all things Mitteleuropäische - refracted, as a closing credit tells us, through the work of the prolific Austrian writer Stefan Zweig.
In a very appealing if outre way, its sensibility and concerns are very much those of an earlier, more elegant era, meaning that the film's deepest intentions will fly far over the heads of most modern filmgoers.
Anderson has created a whimsical, dreamlike world where anything goes, allowing him the licence to do whatever he sees fit. So by all means indulge in GBH - the sort that won't land you in jail.
Wes Anderson's captivating 1930s-set caper offers a vibrant and imaginative evocation of a bygone era.
Wes Anderson's beautiful and thoroughly enjoyable The Grand Budapest Hotel sees the director deliver his best film.
You might get light-headed on the pure fun of it, which unleashes fresh waves of fun-within-fun at every point where you worry it could dry up.
The Grand Budapest Hotel brought out my inner Hunca Munca, of Two Bad Mice fame: This meticulously appointed dollhouse of a movie just went on and on, making me want to smash many miniature plates of plaster food in frustration.
Course after course of desserts, presented with a flourish and served so promptly that you can barely catch your breath between treats. It's not until an hour or two has passed that you realize that you haven't really eaten anything.
Truly one of [Wes Anderson's] most inspired films, as much influenced by classic cinemas as it maintains his own sense of style and pace.

@highlight

Typically stylish but deceptively thoughtful, The Grand Budapest Hotel finds Wes Anderson once again using ornate visual environments to explore deeply emotional ideas.