The kind of person who'd be inclined to seek the film out is probably not the kind of person who'd regret that decision.
It should fare well with fans of hardcore gore looking for something subversive.
It's a hollow film with hopelessly annoying themes that don't arouse questions so much as eye rolls.
Martyrs is a groundbreaking work - it challenges the audience to endure heinous acts yet to emerge spiritually cleansed; to witness man's willingness to abuse, degrade and manipulate, yet leave the theatre more enamoured with humanity than ever.
Brutally well-conceived... for about 40 minutes, and then "Martyrs" flips on its own bloody axis and falls apart, existentially.
Some call it torture porn, others might call it aggressive moralising, more still have say it's boring and pointless. In my view this level of dissent marks it as worthwhile.
it turns out to be concerned precisely with the nature and reception of extremity, posing uncomfortable questions about what it is that one really seeks in choosing to 'witness' scenes of horrific human abjection.
Perhaps more than any other horror film, Martyrs demonstrates the range of the genre's capabilities to find ways to excite, provoke, and disturb us.
ultimately a very off-putting one-trick pony
Martyrs is an absolute recommend, but only to those who are willing to accept the film on its own uncompromising terms. All others are advised to stay well clear away.
Martyrs marks new ground in the horror genre - just don't take that as a sign it's worth your time.
The air of pretentiousness and the whiff of lesbian chic suggest that the bunch of nihilists who produced this garbage will claim something for it. All it really demonstrates is that there is something seriously rotten in the state of France.
A sadistic, religiose French horror movie.
'Martyrs' is initially shocking and strong, but eventually falls apart once we are informed about what the hell is going on.
Martyrs is a five star example of what modern horror can do, or a one star mugging of all that is decent. Forgive us if we go with the former.
It will most definitely divide audiences, having already done so all over the world. But Laugier has contributed a brave, brutal and original horror film for all to witness.
Arthouse? Grindhouse? The Passion Of Joan Of Arc: Unrated Edition? Defying all boundaries, Martyrs relentlessly dishes the visceral pain and emerges as a work of not just ceaseless terror but also gravity and beauty.
The stylishly mounted first half zips along at a rate of knots while the gruesome make-up work will keep your gag reflex in violent spasm.
Martyrs is an unforgettable (not necessarily a good thing) endurance test of a movie that provides a quasi-philosophical spin on the torture porn genre.
You may well feel in need of a shower after sitting through Martyrs, a slick essay in Gallic torture porn.
Young women are brutalised to a place beyond pain, as part of an eschatological experiment. You really don't need to see this.
Despite fancy writing, it's just another gore porn flick, out to shock for the hell of it and designed for loners who attend film festivals.
O inquieto roteiro, que parece mudar sua trama de direção a cada 20 minutos, acaba fornecendo uma justificativa narrativa intrigante para toda a pavorosa violência que testemunhamos, embasando seu lado gore em uma temática metafísica surpreendente.
You don't have to be Catholic to shudder at Pascal Laugier's bitterly apocalyptic Martyrs, but it helps.
Martyrs se veut un film vicieux qui ose énormément. Parfois même trop, d'ailleurs.
...ultimately comes off as an unusually provocative horror effort that's sure to leave viewers thinking and talking about it long after the end credits have rolled.
French horror cinema that doesn't shy away from the rough stuff and aims to bring a few extra layers to the typically anemic slash-and-smash concept.
Film should score OK with hardcore gore fans, but others will expect martyrdom for sticking it out until the end.
MARTYRS is this year's INSIDE, both films are legendary in their own right... The only negative thing about Laugier's film is that once you see it, you'll never be able to see it for the first time ever again...


@highlight

A real polarising movie, this Gallic torture-porn is graphic, brutal, nasty and gruesome and not to everyone's taste.