The smartest and most rewarding vampire movie of the decade.
It's a Gothic tale with a twist of conspiracy and a radically different take on vampirism as ancient earth force tightly controlled by a male cabal who treat the transformation like a patriarchal right.
"You don't have to be a fang-fetishist to fall in love with Jordan's evocative masterpiece. This is a movie that demands to be just as immortal as its startling heroines."
In the end, the pluses just about outweigh the minuses, thanks to Ronan's performance, one delicious late revelation, and Jordan's enduring mastery of melancholic atmosphere and down-at-heel style.
A pensive, intelligent vampire-angst movie.
Arresting, gory and surprising, this flight-of-horror fantasy is wonderfully acted for post-Twilight vamp lovers craving something altogether eerier but emotionally resonant.
Female-forward and class-conscious, allegorical and adventurous, Byzantium is almost the anti-Batman.
[Clara and Eleanor] are not technically human, but it's the human relationship between them that the film is confident to show us. And Byzantium seems most comfortable, most intimate, when its two bright actresses give us just that.
Some "vampire stuff" you've seen before, a few new ideas that work, two great performances, and a lot of skilled veterans behind the camera.
evenly split between a character piece and a mystery thriller...if you're looking for an interesting and different take on vampire legend, check into the Byzantium...
Byzantium is a refreshing take on the vampire genre.
Although audience fatigue regarding vampires has surely set in...this is a romantic, sensual, bloody good time of a movie for sophisticated adults.
As the feature jumps backwards and forwards in time, and stories within stories coalesce, a striking tapestry is woven illustrating a world where eternal beings struggle with great change. Jordan's vampiric universe is bloody, adult, and melancholy.
Clara becomes more the subject of Jordan's empathy than the object of his lust (although there's some of that, too).
It's stylish and gory, with excellent performances and a similarly grim approach to the life of a vampire. And it's not really a scary movie, although, whatever it is, it's a good one.
A gory Gothic thriller whose departures from traditional horror lore give the overworked vampire genre a rejuvenating transfusion of new blood.
There might be some sort of muddled feminist moral to all this, but by the time the overlong Gothic happenings conclude (with a nicely bloody finale), it's hard to recall what it might have been.
Byzantium is a connoisseur's vampire film; a vintage red.
Jordan's customarily stylish and elegant direction carries the film, and he's aided by the leads' outstanding performances...
With its share of haunting imagery, it's sporadically unsettling but never truly frightening.
New vampire movie lacks bite
This extremely elegant fantasy has roots in a plausible situation: maybe vampires don't exist, but there has been a child or two raised by a wolf...how do such children get their experience into words, get past the shame? Who will believe them?
With a magnetic performance from Saoirse Ronan, a surprisingly excellent performance from Gemma Arterton, and a deliciously peculiar spin on familiar lore, Byzantium is a refreshing take on vampires.
Jordan, true to form, moves fluidly between past and present toward an archly frenetic finale.
Jordan is no stranger to the yearnings of vampires. He directed Interview With the Vampire. But Byzantium is a kinder, gentler yet pretty durn bloody affair.
Go ahead, bite.
A drama that feels both strenuously earnest and impossible to take seriously.
Byzantium has a few moves that might surprise you. They have nothing to do with blood, but everything to do with the heart.
A confusing yet eye-pleasing tale that struggles to breathe new life into the well-worn mythology.
Byzantium offers a twist or two on the traditional vampire mythology ... but otherwise [its] gothic atmosphere and air of tragedy feel awfully familiar.
A vampire-hybrid movie: moody and compelling with terrific performances from Gemma Arterton and Saoirse Ronan.
The film doesn't offer the terror of some vampire stories or the swooning romance of others, but does provide a supernaturally tinged vampire tale for grown-ups.
It has a great mythical feel and is loaded with beautiful, haunting imagery. If you like "good" vampire movies, then you won't want to miss this
While Byzantium brings a dark sexiness back to the vampire genre, a stale story sucks out what life Neil Jordan is able to create while adapting Buffini's script.
Neil Jordan's sensitive and very slow exploration of vampire angst. That the film also seems intended as some kind of vampire feminist statement makes it a rare combination of mildly boring and mildly hilarious.
There are far too many plot points and story threads that span centuries and bring in many characters.
Instead of interviewing disparate vampires, here Jordan's giving us mother/daughter memoirs covering two hundred years...
The story drags a bit, bouncing back and forth in time in a manner that is sometimes useful, sometimes not. Overall, though, it's an intriguing addition to the genre.
I can't wait to see it again, to see what else I can see.
It's a pleasure to see a vampire movie that aspires to something artful, and that explores the misery that comes with living - forever - on blood, and in the shadows.
[An] exquisite, lovely film, in which contemporary characters struggle to suspend their disbelief in vampire lore while Jordan's eye for formal beauty and truthful performances suspends ours.
The film slows and slumps as it ventures into a historical backstory, complete with a mysterious brotherhood, an ancient map, and Sam Riley in a wig worse than death.
This is a stale vampire soap opera that goes over-the-top early and stays there, with waterfalls literally running red with blood.
Director Neil Jordan's films have a moody, patient, quiet quality... BYZANTIUM works because of this style, and although it doesn't exactly reinvent the genre, it least offers a fresh, reflective take.
The irony is that while the story being told to the teachers is meant to be literal, the story being told to us is indeed an adroit metaphor -- and one about a woman's coming of age, no less.
Lines like "The pearl stays pure while the oyster's flesh rots around it" or "Would you like to kiss me? In celebration of my wickedness?" confound any efforts to make them sound less than ridiculous.
Byzantium might voice a quiet "serves you right" to a world power that shows scars where lands have been cut away. Or perhaps Vampire and Empire are words too rhyme-y not to compare.
Mother/daughter conflict runs deeper - and much, much longer - than usual in this gorgeous, brooding, fascinatingly female-centric vampire saga, which also gushes waterfalls of blood.
The revamped vampire mythology put forth in Byzantium is much more fascinating than the actual story the movie sets out to tell.
With Twilight finally over, we're not exactly hungering for more vampire movies, but Neil Jordan gives us something to savour with Byzantium, his second bite at the genre.
"Byzantium" dares to rework "Twilight" with twice the teen moping and Robert Pattinson replaced by a guy with the sexual magnetism of a sickly Ron Weasley.
Jordan's greatest strengths are found in Ronan, whose bloodless eyes speak volumes, and her relationship with Jones, which has real warmth, despite the subject matter.
"Byzantium's" appeal is not so much its bite, which could use some refining, but the emotional journey its undead take. In Jordan's hands, the vampires are so very human.
This feels tired as storytelling despite some evocative imagery and typically lush camerawork.
Again and again, as the story shifts between women, times and moods, Mr. Jordan adds a punctuating flourish ... that exquisitely illustrates the once-upon-a-time mood.
Characters that don't work and a stylistic approach by Jordan that doesn't give the give the piece the personality it needs to be considered as more than an arthouse Twilight.
Unfortunately, the story never grabs hold as insistently as Jordan's tone and visual artistry.
Despite multiple graphic beheadings and literal waterfalls of blood, the film generates a shockingly small amount of horror.
Lyrical, full of visually enthralling fantasy sequences punctuated by moments of intense, bloody violence ...
Director Neil Jordan takes another look at vampires in this most original and beautiful-and adult-movie treatment of the genre to date.
There's a fine and dark Romantic soul to this film ... but it's not enough to compensate for a story that spins in circles predictable as a carnival ride, only not as exhilarating.
A stylish vampire movie that confuses complication for complexity.
Jordan hopes to go out with a bang, but it doesn't work in a picture with such unusual elements as Byzantium, which is far more compelling with sensuality and mystery than cliched aggression.
"Byzantium" comes late to the vampire game hoping to restore a little decorum, but winds up looking decayed.
You could tell what Jordan was trying to do with his "Interview With the Vampire." He finally gets it right here.
Jordan, a master of mood, creates an unsettling atmosphere of small-town despair, and the film's sporadic spikes of violence ... are often inventive.
Everyone's heard it before. You're a vampire. Get over it.
There was a really smart movie here had Jordan been a little more adventurous.
The best thing in the movie is Arterton's sultry, claw-baring turn, but mostly it's a rudderless riff on Let the Right One In.
It's not perfect, but when it works, Byzantium towers above all of the romantic vampire slobber we've been getting lately.
Contemporary cinema has featured a fair share of young, attractive vampires in recent years, but Neil Jordan's "Byzantium" stands out for exploring that subject with a mixture of intelligence and gravitas.
Byzantium is a smaller and more intimate companion piece to Jordan's own cinematic supernatural lore, one that is well worth a visit for fans of the vampire mythology.
Jordan's poetic sensibilities more than make up for any flaws.
Byzantium, like all good vampire stories, is a romance, and Jordan opens himself up to its atmospheric lushness.
Despite an intriguing premise (mother and daughter vampires struggling to survive) the film lacks a consistent tone and misses a real dramatic tension, which is surprising given the subject matter.
A lethargic and uninspired take that aims to be something different, but ultimately isn't.
Neil Jordan interviews a whole new set of vampires but draws precious little blood.
The story's nothing new, but the film is still vivid, lurid, sexy and seedy
Neil Jordan's curiously revisionist addition to the cult of the undead category.
The movie is gorgeous, mesmerizing, poetic; the lyricism actually heightened by harsh jets of gore.
There's good work in here but the climax sadly lacks the emotive punch it's looking for.
It's enough to make Stephenie Meyer's ovaries implode.
A tangle of genre conventions and wayward plotting starts to blunt the film's thematic point.
Another artfully dull take on vampire lore, one that rather self-consciously tries to outclass Twilight and its ilk, yet still completely fails to be in any way seductive.
A haunting, touching and visually sublime reinvention of undead mythology.
Byzantium is a complex film that combines a traditional gothic horror story (though not one that sticks to traditional vampire law), social history and a realistic account of dealing with authentic physical distress.
A slightly frustrating picture: full of brilliant things, but hampered with at least three split personalities.
Unlike the Christopher Lee movies of old, it feels compromised and convoluted, lacking in action, pace and scares as if caught between two sets of fangs in a post-Twilight vacuum.
Nearly 20 years after Interview With the Vampire, Neil Jordan returns to the genre to breath some new life into a mythology that has grown stale, predictable and rather mopey (see Twilight).
Director Neil Jordan's return to the vampire genre is bloody and atmospheric, but at heart, it's about a girl who just desperately needs someone to listen to her.
As a sketch of life on the margins in a tatty seaside resort, it works well enough. As an action pic, though, it's just too slow, too long.
This may be one vampire film that has bitten off more than it can devour. The screenplay contains some clunky dialogue and never seems to hit a confident stride.
The only suspense lies in wondering where the next bad line will come from. And little suspense even there. It will come from the next open mouth.
Byzantium doesn't add enough that's new to the genre. I was never bored by it, but I wasn't excited, either.
Arterton's brash performance is arguably a little high-octane yet it balances with Ronan's wounded watchfulness. And Buffini's script has some savoury moments.
Lushly shot with colourful waves of emotion as well as darker, whispery horror, this stylised thriller takes a fresh approach to a tired genre.
There's more to English Gothic than spurts of gore and heaving cleavage, and though Byzantium has both of those things in happy abundance, it bungles the chance to delve deeper.
Jordan has crafted a sophisticated Gothic narrative pitched between generic fantasy and more horrific realities.
Bold, lyrical, visually arresting, with screenwriter Moira Buffini (adapting her own play) imbuing the whole thing with more than a touch of Angela Carter-esque feminism.
What's really missing is the vampire's tragedy: that ache, the loss of feeling, the sense that in killing death, the essence of what it is to be human is destroyed.
The fractured chronology hampers dramatic momentum but Jordan navigates a clear path between past and present, drawing us into his heroines' unusual predicament.
Forlorn depictions of love and death may dignify Neil Jordan's film, but narrative withholding ultimately drives a stake into its unmistakable heart.
This strange film never really finds the right tone, feeling a little too serious for a pulpy horror flick and a lot too pulpy for a serious drama.
Eye-catching though both performances are, Byzantium remains an indecisive oddity with Jordan's rhythm of reverie never quite finding its groove.
The ideal vampire movie for Twi-hards who've had their hearts broken for the first time and want to move on to a less cosy vision of eternal romance with a side order of addiction.
Finally, a full-blooded and truly original vampire movie, offering an antidote to the Sweet Valley-style sudsiness of the Twilight franchise.
The film often meanders, but ... delicious moments of surprise and invention more than compensate.
A stylish and moody mood piece infused with an intriguing feminist slant.
Byzantium is a thoroughly enjoyable, beautifully shot vampire film with a beating heart.
Ronan and Arterton are captivating enough, but this hybrid drama-period piece lacks the zest, pace and tension you'd expect from a film digging into the repercussions of vampirism.
Even with all the wonderful shots, costumes and the odd splash of blood it all adds up to a fairly average vampire flick.
An interesting variation on the vampire mythos.
I simply have no more room in my life for ennui-besotted vampires.

@highlight

Director Neil Jordan remains as expert as ever when it comes to setting a chilling mood, but Byzantium struggles to match its creepily alluring atmosphere with a suitably compelling story.