Friendships, love, psychological breakdowns, depression, pettiness; it's all here
The mood is akin to Ingmar Bergman's Persona or Roman Polanski's Repulsion. So don't watch expecting a barrel of laughs. You might, though, detect hints of dark comedy.
Both actresses are fantastic, yet the film suffocates, over-egging the pudding in the final act.
The film succeeds as a character study, but it could have had more of a story.
It makes for a slightly muddled palette, but one that, like one of those lenticular pictures that changes depending on the angle it's viewed from, can seem either darkly cynical or harrowing.
A darkly funny and increasingly disturbing portrait of a young woman's descent into madness after the traumatic loss of her artist father.
It displays some of the navel-gazing impulses of the mumblecore movement; it's no surprise to see that mumble-originator Joe Swanberg serves as a producer.
At times, the style is very mannered but Moss and Waterston give rich and subtle performances as the two feuding friends who provide a twisted reflection of one another.
A superb chamber piece constructed in pallid pastel shades.
Moss and Waterston are highly impressive, but be warned: this is a challenging watch.
Alex Ross Perry has been hailed as one of American independent cinema's most exciting auteurs, and hot on the heels of his brilliantly bleak comedy, Listen Up Philip, comes this searing homage to the psychological horrors of Roman Polanski.
It's a one-note drama of simmering resentment. That note is sustained with impressive conviction.
Moss is incandescently brilliant as a woman who smiles when she should be unnerved and boils with rage at the most inconsequential slights.
A lifetime pass for Perry - anything he makes from here on in will be of interest.
Alex Ross Perry being playful is still more unnervingly aggressive than most filmmakers going at you full-throttle.
Queen of Earth plays like a horror. Yet, at its heart it is a devastating story of depression and its impact.
You have to be in the right mood for it, but this is one of the season's finest films.
What should be a weekend of bestie comfort becomes fraught with expectations, assumptions, and resentment.
A sensually photographed and intriguing, tart psychological thriller, that sets an eerie mood tone.
Elizabeth Moss gives a scorchingly down-to-earth performance as Catherine, a woman on the cusp of a colossal mental breakdown.
Perry's most impeccably constructed and executed yet.
Moss is a formidable force of twisted nature. At once vulnerable and acerbic, chaotic and single-minded, she renders Catherine's pain palpable even as she staunchly refuses to pander to the audience's sympathies.
Queen of Earthsurrounds Elisabeth Moss's mesmerizing performance with an actual movie, a low-key homage to Euro-horror films - complete with an appropriately thrumming and discordant score.
It's a horror movie you need to watch through splayed fingers, not because of anything frightening on screen, but because of its awkwardness.
It's amazing that a movie about such a dark subject can play so thrillingly and vibrantly.
Until the final act, the tedium is somewhat overbearing.
Its effects will stick with you, even if you don't quite understand them.
Queen of Earth is one of the least recommendable films of the year. This is a film that chooses to ride a tidal wave of agitation and bitterness instead of portraying any sort of amusing or enticing qualities.
... throws acid on its off-putting characters and their hopeless situations and rubs moviegoers' faces in it rather than offering any substantial insight or depth.
If you're gonna go hard to the closeup, you're gonna want to work with a face like Elisabeth Moss's.
Well made, written, acted and crafted, it's the sort of movie that doesn't go down easy, takes no prisoners and leaves you hoping your own life will never resemble theirs.
"Queen of Earth" isn't a laugh riot, not by a long shot. But it is a good movie, and a fascinating study of descent.
A good try at a difficult story but a lack of character development leaves us in a vacuum.
The film would be nothing but a hollow exercise if its hollowness weren't so hauntingly precise.
[Perry's] gracefully disturbing execution conveys a tangible sense of the emotional violence and attrition that can underlie seemingly placid social surfaces...
It's that tension - will Catherine really go off the rails, and how far will she go when she does? - that makes "Queen of Earth" such a transfixing experience.
Perry's movie may not be easy to watch, but that doesn't mean you shouldn't.
This is a lovingly rendered, feel-bad chamber piece chock-full of elliptical psychodrama.
...both a self-conscious homage and a frustrating dither.
Those new to the helmer's grainy, consuming, self-absorbed worldview are welcomed with a chilling portrait of disintegration, cementing Perry's reputation for unflinching, raw nerve work.
It may sound unpleasant to watch, and there are moments of discomfort, but Perry and his performers draw you into this raw chamber piece.
While the film might seem like an actors' showcase (It is that, too), to deem it exclusively as such would undermine Perry's command of tone and structure.
Writer-director Alex Ross Perry conjures such a strong atmosphere around his characters -- and Elisabeth Moss and Katherine Waterston are so powerful in the leads --that one gets sucked into their emotional conflict.
"Queen of Earth" is one of these special, mold-breaking occasions, dipping itself into grotesquery with such sneaky abandon it frequently catches one off-guard in the best way possible.
Almost subliminally upsetting, "Queen of Earth" touches viewers' primal fears by continually messing with worries embedded in our subconscious.
...the result is an earth-shattering performance in a film that solidifies Perry's place among the most exciting filmmakers working in American cinema today.
The filmmaker creates a bitter, chilling mood, the score's strings less musical instruments than choking devices.
Perry may never make a movie for the masses, whoever they are. But his truest work burrows into weird, blackly comic places few other filmmakers would dare explore.
Psychological horror ensues, and how. I'd hate to reveal a single teardrop in this sharp chamber drama. It's all chill, no pill. The sun shines bright behind that vale of tears.
The bitterly hilarious barbs that defined [Alex Ross Perry's] prior work have curdled into something darker than black comedy (but not totally without humor).
Queen of Earth is an unnerving, intense experience, but you can't turn away from Elisabeth Moss.
For some viewers, the acidity level of Perry's movie will be too high to stomach. For others-anyone who thinks that there are too many warm hugs in Strindberg, for example-"Queen of Earth" awaits.
Queen is as much about the bitterness of women as it is about the cruelty of men.
Tautly written and performed with intensity, Queen of Earth isn't afraid of portraying unlikable characters, exposing their flaws and insecurities to the viewing audience.
The film isn't a thriller per se, but it has the tension and atmosphere of one, only with emotional violence substituting for the physical kind.
An open wound, Moss is terrific, yet Queen of Earth feels a touch brittle and precious, like the swirly pink-hued script Perry employs for his end credits.
Alex Ross Perry continues to find new ways to make bitter break-ups strangely enjoyable.
Is Alex Ross Perry America's best contemporary filmmaker?
It's rare when a psychological drama gets us into a character's head without tricks or a voiceover. This drama from Alex Ross Perry burrows so deep that it's scary.
A standout star turn from Elisabeth Moss enlivens and deepens Alex Ross Perry's extended Roman Polanski homage.
this dual character study, featuring a balls out performance from Moss and an eerie one from Waterston feels like so many other movies, everything from "3 Women"...to "Rosemary's Baby" and "Repulsion," yet defies coming into its own focus.
It's a midnight movie that turns out to be a Rainer Werner Fassbinder chamber drama.
Anchored by incredible performances from Elisabeth Moss and Katherine Waterston, this is one of the most mesmerizing pictures of the year.
Watching Queen of Earth, you realize that every single aspect of its production is reflective, meant to refract or clarify the dual personalities at its center.
Ms. Waterston, a Modigliani in motion and often in black, easily holds your attention, but it is Ms. Moss, with her intimate expressivity, who annihilates you from first tear to last crushing laugh.
Not all of Queen Of Earth gels perfectly, but when it does, it can be breathtaking.
It is a character study of a woman's decent into madness that is not a pretty picture but a potent one.
Interesting, arty riff on early Polanski and Bergman's Persona.
Every beautiful, resonant image in writer-director Alex Ross Perry's film is fraught with neurotic, diaphanous riddles.
Privileged, self-obsessed, and unsympathetic, every character was purposefully unlikeable to the point it was used for humour.
This is vigorous, frightening, electrifying stuff. Even minor Perry outclasses most contemporary majors.
"Queen of Earth" is a cold picture and may be a little obscure for some audiences, but watching this thrilling new filmmaking step and an auteurial voice grow is exciting stuff to witness.
A startlingly audacious departure for the writer/director that also feels like a natural progression for an auteur in the making.
A solid stab at channelling its influences into the horror of modern self obsession
Throughout the film Moss traverses an astonishing range of emotions, from bliss to complete mental disintegration. She is fascinating to watch even when the film turns into a frustrating head-scratcher.
[A] delicately calibrated portrait of dissolution which points to the versatility of writer/director Alex Ross Perry.
Hell is other people - especially the ones who know you best - in Alex Ross Perry's acidly funny and unnerving portrait of a psychological breakdown.

@highlight

Led by a searing performance from Elisabeth Moss, Queen of Earth is a demanding -- and ultimately rewarding -- addition to writer-director Alex Ross Perry's impressive filmography.