Avoid this gross, raunchy comedy at all costs.
The very definition of an easy target--and, in all fairness, it deserves every last bit of criticism.
Director Lance Rivera has never directed a movie before, and he doesn't start here.
Seemingly assembled from ideas on the cutting-room floor of a cancelled sitcom.
This is one dull party.
There may be someone in the audience who goes into hysterics at the mere sight of a baby's diaper soaked through with ****, but, if so, I hope never to meet him.
Uma "comédia" sem a menor graça que, com seus estereótipos ofensivos a brancos, negros e homossexuais, falha não só do ponto de vista cinematográfico, mas também humano.
...a taxing and intolerable vehicle that has all the charm of a gold-toothed rapper's root canal. The Cookout is certainly not any food for thought.
It's low comedy and it's crudely made. But that's no excuse for it being dull.
Everything else here -- from the gross caricatures to the so-called comic mayhem -- is sour to taste.
Plenty of action and confusion in this wild story that culminates in a cookout.
The movie unfolds in the most perfunctory fashion. At least the food looks good.
It does provide some true laughs and, incredibly, some real humanity.
Director Lance Rivera raises some legitimate questions about moving up versus selling out and the commodification of professional athletes, but he couldn't care less about answering them.
Rippin' and Dippin'
This is one more entry in the long list of 'urban comedies' that dish out the kind of humor that would probably spark protests if the filmmakers weren't African-American.
Rivera and a host of screenwriters were apparently as cowed by Lady Em as Todd; she sucks up much of the screen time, and admirable though her family values may be, they're not exactly rip-roaring funny.
Todd's payday apparently sends comedy backward in time, and we're in the 1970s, ethno-sitcom style.
There might have been a decent comedy here if someone had remembered to insert some actual humor.
A painfully unfunny, would-be comedy.
The few high points hardly add up to enough to keep this barbecue grill from just fizzling out.
The pointlessness of The Cookout exudes a modicum of charm, but the simple-minded mess still lacks the wit and moral weight of an episode of Family Matters.
Proceeds at a rambling pace without developing much in the way of comic momentum or scoring many laugh-out-loud high points.
The jokes are not just stale; they can also be labor-intensive.
Lacks flavor, laughs and insight.
A feeble mess.
A lifeless comedy featuring a cast of familiar faces who must have needed the paycheck.
The Cookout is good-natured but it's a dud.
The actual get-together is more like soggy leftovers served with cheap laughs and even cheaper sentiment.
While it claims to be about great American values such as family and love, it's been made with nary a lick of TLC.
There are a few chuckles scattered the film, but there's more embarrassment over the tired, obvious gags. It's not a black thing or a white thing; it's an incompetent thing.
A lowfat feast of stereotypes.
The worst stereotypes of African Americans since Soul Plane.
[A] low-flame comedy.
The Cookout never gets fired up.
Everyone on the guest list is a cliche.
Wants to be an outdoor, barbecue-grilled Barbershop but lacks the pungency and honesty of its prototype.
The cast is, for the most part, fun, and the story addresses themes of family togetherness and humility in a way that won't make you gag.
A slow build-up to the actual cookout takes the punch out of the cast of colorful characters.
Jerryrigged out of painful stereotypes...so offensive, crude, and dumb that the occasional legitimate satire and good-natured family-values message are effectively negated.
It took a village of screenwriters and story creators ... to cram just about every imaginable stereotype about African-Americans and white people ever conceived into this short, unappetizing comedy.
The Cookout holds a smug, mean-spirited undercurrent, made all the more rotten by an attempted sincerity as false as a set of dentures.

@highlight

Good-natured but prepared with an absence of craft, The Cookout is an unappetizing collection of warmed-over jokes.