The film takes place in current day Iraq (although it was primarily filmed in Morocco) and it makes everybody out to be pathetic. And while this is a major problem, it is not even the film's greatest flaw.
I don't think this movie sheds any new light on 'the situation', but it could have, and it's a shame that it didn't.
A pretty lousy movie in general, though it's the film's somewhat accusatory Iraq War subject matter that's getting it some attention -- deserved or not -- that makes the whole thing a little distasteful.
The concept is strong and expertly fleshed out; it's just a pity that Hollywood tropes are allowed to invade.
Beneath the melodrama is an insider's account of the seemingly inconsequential details often edited out of dispatches from the front.
The essential message in this strongly felt film comes clear: 'It's Iraq.' It used to be bad, but now it's worse. And anyone in his right mind, including Iraqis, wants to get out.
The Situation' is bound to stir up controversy because of the way Americans are portrayed, and anything that gets people talking and thinking is for the good. It brings the war home, where our soldiers should be.
It's a credit to the material and the basic plot that even as you're groaning over a clunky speech explaining it all, you're completely focused on what the situation in Iraq actually is.
[Haas'] attempt to convey the tangled relations between sheikhs and insurgents, occupiers and civilians is undercut by Wendell Steavenson's mightily overwritten screenplay.
Bringing the chaos down to very human terms redefines the paradigm for thinking about the occupation, and makes this a film that is more than a mere exercise in action/adventure
There are a half dozen people in colorful supporting roles all of whom have their own truths. And all of whom are far more interesting, as characters and actors, than [Connie Nielsen].
A gripping briefing on the post-Saddam morass of Iraq. The tactical calculus used by sheiks, insurgents, CIA operatives, soldiers, and civilians is ugly, but it's not inscrutable.
Even as it makes a mucky melodrama out of the war in Iraq, this effect does not seem entirely inappropriate, as it accommodates a U.S. perspective of its own actions.
You want better for this film, but the discomfort it causes is not a matter of it being too soon for the audience, but rather, it seems, for the filmmakers.
The Situation does an admirable job of guiding us through an almost hopeless quagmire.
His heart is in the right place, and our current situation cries out for a film like this %u2026 like this, but much better made.
It's [Wendell Steavenson] first screenplay, and it shows; while not the movie's only problem, the script is a big one, made up as it is primarily of dialogue that isn't just expository, but clunkily explanatory.
The Situation is promoting itself as the first American dramatic feature film to deal with the occupation of Iraq. While that may be true, it turns out not to matter that much.
The film would have made a serviceable drama, perhaps, if [writer] Steavenson and [director] Haas weren't so inured to trite utterances.
As ambitious in scope as it is interpretively timid, The Situation delivers the requisite incendiary climax, but collapses in on itself with daft speeches about the elusiveness of truth in something called 'the fourth dimension of time.'
It fails to strike an emotional chord, however, with a meandering narrative and heroes who spout rhetoric like pundits.
The message is quite clear: We should withdraw our troops and let the Iraqis kill each other off.
The super-accurate reportage may be lost when combined with the war-flick plot. Fact and fiction have different audiences.
The situation in The Situation is grimly photogenic, yet persistently opaque.
While not easy to watch, and at times even harder to follow, Haas' film is an important attempt to accurately capture the confusing reality of contemporary Iraq.
The narrative has no direction. There is no central problem to be resolved, no goal to be reached.
The gravitas that director Philip Haas and writer Wendell Steavenson would like to bring to bear in this smallish war thriller is simply not an achievable goal.
A powerful story about a frustrated American journalist risking her life to develop sources among Iraqi citizens who themselves are risking their lives to talk to her.
[The Situation] plays like one long monologue, spread between a dozen characters.
Set in wartime Iraq, The Situation is exploitation cinema of the most narcoleptic kind.
The Situation is by no means a perfect movie, but it does tackle difficult issues and makes clear that there are no easy answers.
A beautifully written and realized behind-the-scenes story aiming to make some sense of all the violence and chaos in Iraq today.
The Situation never fails to be illustrative, like in straight reporting, but at the expense of catharsis.
Haas here imagines Iraq as the sun-bleached setting for an especially bleak film noir, in which love is treacherous, good intentions lead you-know-where and the line between good and evil is always shifting.
Audiences expecting this film to wring any kind of order from the ongoing chaos may find that The Situation merely reflects this 'situation's' rat's-nest confusion and seeming hopelessness.
An overstuffed, unengaging drama.
The Situation is, to put it kindly, a spotty piece of work.
Awkward and half-digested.
Philip Haas's deftly paced, well-written, and brilliantly infuriating Iraq War thriller is not only the strongest of recent geopolitical hotspot flicks but one that has been designed for maximal agitation.
Using handheld cameras throughout, 'The Situation' draws the eye down into the human pieces that will one day make up history-book summaries.
... an inevitably dated contemplation of the complexities of the American occupation of Iraq ...
Tackles its topical subject with lurching focus and plenty of from-the-mouths-of-mouthpieces didacticism.
Though timely and relevant, Haas' war film, centering on American journalist (Connie Nielsen) investigating the death of a community figure, is a series of misfires (particularly the script) and blown opportunities
Part war drama, part political thriller, part romance -- and wholly uninvolving.
Having served my duty by pointing out the main failures of the film, it's equally obligatory to say that by film's end you have a better understanding of the opposing interests that are deconstructing Iraq than media coverage conveys.
Had traces of human feeling, but [it's] mostly didactic.
[The] film is undeniably topical but the lack of emotional investment in its characters renders it more intelligent than engaging.


@highlight

An ambitious but preachy drama that fails to convincingly parcel its thriller and romance elements.