Super35 nudity and graphic sadism substitute for suggestiveness, and technology ups the gore but makes it cinematic common.
Argento is admired for his voluptuous use of color and his operatic bloodletting; this is lovely to look at, if you can stand to.
Aside from being vile and repellent, it's mainly dull -- old-fashioned in its shock tactics and culminating in a ho-hum climax.
Mother of Tears may not stand tall in Argento's body of viscera-laden work, but this final chapter of a loosely defined trilogy is refreshingly old school in its trashiness.
Mother of Tears puts a dent in Argento's rep as a horror maestro.
Argento's gothic hokey horror homage to sleazy sorceress boobs, demon damsels with too much makeup, and assorted cannibalistic weirdos run amok. Girl witches gone wild, Italian style.
... Argento's nightmare vision is vivid enough to overcome the weaker aspects and make this a commendable, if not entirely satisfying, closing to his supernatural trilogy.
I wanted this to be great. Hell, I would have settled for just above average. This just sucks. All of the key elements are in place -- a solid story, great gore F/X, good sound work ... everything except Dario.
We come to an Argento picture for the surreal, Baroque imagery, and though much here fits those descriptions, there's a great deal of it that's also quite gaudy and goofy and, dare I say, campy.
Should be locked away for the sake of mankind.
A real shame.
A very entertaining fiasco
... the concluding chapter of Argento's "Three Mothers" trilogy dispenses with the overt stylization of its predecessors ... in favor of a sobering dose of realism.
Mother of Tears is contrived, confused, clumsy, and quite simply dreadful.
Mother of Tears feels like a copy, like someone "doing Argento", instead of the real deal that it could have been.
Just as twisted, surprising and gruesome as anything that Argento has given us in the past and a more than worthy successor to its two predecessors.
So although Argento may not be in peak form, he does seem to be enjoying himself and there are still flashes of the old master.
A gruesome drama enacted by a cast that speaks English with a bewildering variety of accents, Mother of Tears is reliably gruesome and occasionally startling but not particularly scary.
Asia Argento's outright horrendous performance ruins what could have been a decent B-movie.
... goofy fun, in its own way. But it's the same goofy fun we've seen in dozens of other films for years now, by Argento and others.
In comparison to the majority of bland Hollywood widgets cranked out on a corporate conveyer belt, these mad, personal misfires are the real masterworks.
The visuals are vibrant and fans of Argento's bravura bloodletting will thrill to his imaginative use of pikes, entrails and his daughter, who performs a shower scene for Dear Old Dad.
The visual mastery that not only excused but actually elevated the illogic of the first two installments of the trilogy is absent here.
No, this film doesn't make a ton of sense but it is highly entertaining. An insane, delirious bloodbath.
A feeble, incidental continuation of his earlier films.
This is a foreign horror movie that's all about style and shock value. The fruit of Argento's mad vision is an acquired taste, but there's plenty to chew on here.
In The Mother of Tears, the last installment of the 'witch trilogy' that began, three decades ago, with Suspiria, an excavated urn unleashes a torrent of homicidal madness in Rome.
A crude, artless bogey tale. Attempts to position it as a camp masterpiece are misguided and condescending,
Mother Of Tears at least has some of the go-for-broke gothic spirit of [Argento's] earlier work. He's just lost the ability to shape it into something artful.
The gore is simply midnight-movie disgusting. And the ending is rushed and flat -- as if it had been tacked on by another hand.
The film lacks the visual class of previous Argento efforts and relies more on shocks than suspense.
Much of this spooky-spirits-in-Rome chiller is by the numbers.
Although The Mother of Tears teeters on the preposterous and awkward, it is diverting and reveals that the filmmaker's signature bravura flourishes and use of sinister settings are still intact.
It's hard to find lines and performances like Mother of Tears outside of anything that doesn't come with a XXX rating.
Mother of Tears transcends camp without forsaking it. Argento pitches the proceedings toward the ridiculous (his pacing is as perfect as some of the witches' breasts are fake) but only in the name of reaching a new cheesy sublime.
This long-awaited final offering about the apocalyptic second sacking of Rome by an unholy pack of demons gets lost in the back alleys of '70s-era Italian horror films and unconvincing Cinecittà Studio sets.
...Silly, awkward, vulgar, outlandish, hysterical, inventive, revolting, flamboyant, titillating, ridiculous, mischievous, uproarious, cheap, priceless, tasteless and sublime.
As horror movies go the only thing scary about The Mother of Tears is that a director as talented as Dario Argento could have lost his once unmistakably virtuoso touch so completely.
Hitting the ground running and never giving up for 90 nasty minutes, Mother of Tears is Dario Argento's final statement on his precedent as the definitive Delacroix of dread.
So logically impaired, so clumsily written and so haphazardly designed that it's a sheer delight.
not nearly enough action and gore, and there's far too much time spent on uncovering secrets and tracking down random tidbits
It's an imperfect motion picture, often downright ridiculous, but it's a blast of lusty, violent fun that doesn't come around nearly enough these days. Take it as a flamboyant exclamation point on a stalled career, and it's practically irresistible.
The final installment of filmmaker Argento's Three Mothers series, this rollicking scarefest boasts roving bands of leggy witches, blundering priests, and voices from Beyond.
A fascinating effort in '70s horror nostalgia, or proof that they don't make them like they used to for good reason.
Italian director Dario Argento is revered by hard-core horror fans for his gothic, over-the-top thrillers, but even the patience of his most devoted followers will be sorely tested by Mother of Tears: The Third Mother.
Dario Argento's ketchupy brand of horror hasn't aged well, nor have his sexual politics. Enjoyably campy at first, then offensive and ultimately just bad.
Another of the horror maestro's futile attempts to recapture the magic that made his seminal '70s giallos so bewitching.
Sadly lacking in the baroque atmosphere and visual aesthetic that elevated Argento above the horror hacks.
A kinky alternative to The Da Vinci Code for conspiracy theorists with cast iron stomachs.
Feels quite different than Suspiria and Inferno, like a more stylish and sorcerous take on torture porn that you might expect from Eli Roth after an extended European vacation.
The Argento touch -- that florid stylishness that made gore and bloodshed feel like the stuff of gorgeously transfixing but profoundly disquieting dreams -- is mostly gone.
The best thing about Dario Argento's The Mother of Tears is that it ends.
A work that builds on the visions of Suspiria and Inferno while crafting its own distinct dark-fairy-tale landscape.
A once-great director's near-worst work passes through its funhouse plumbing and emerges from the crapper as intentional mischief: self-sabotage explained away as mad genius.
Deliciously over-the-top and delightfully deranged.
This deliciously wicked slice of demonic horror from Italian master Dario Argento serves as a devilish antidote to bleak shockers like Saw.
Although lacking helmer's usual aesthetic panache, this Mother is a cheesy, breathless future camp classic.
[Argento's] odyssey has a little Harry Potter, a little Da Vinci Code, and enough splatter to make the late Lucio Fulci dash his brains against the inside of his coffin for the chance to come back and top it.
"Mother of Tears" isn't a very good movie, but it is recognizably an Argento film and often what makes it bad makes it entertaining...
One can only guess at whether director Argento meant the laughs for a campy production or whether the audience guffaws are unintentional.
could Argento really, like his Mater Lachrymarum, be returning to bring a second reign of blood, chaos and terror to the world? Or will he, like his heroine Sarah, find himself once again wading through shit? The truth lies somewhere in between.
Both the body and the body politic are under attack in Mother of Tears.
The director employs his entire bag of tricks to keep the audience on the edge of their seats, from shock cuts and loud chords on the soundtrack to performances that devour the scenery.
It is an absolute B-asterpiece.
[Marries] CGI to Guignol whimsy in ways so tasteless that you can hear the crackle of Argento's mojo working.
As a piece of narrative, however, the movie is virtually incomprehensible.
...one can't help but admire any flick that features a baby death count of two.
A bloody, brutal and oddly amusing little Mother of a flick.
The Mother of Tears is wild and untamed, a celebratory feat of gonzo artistry.





@highlight

As excessive and ketchup laden as predecessors Suspiria and Inferno , Dario Argento's Mother of Tears completes the trilogy with the same baroque grandeur and soggy 1970s sensibilities.