There's a nice inspirational message for young girls in this movie, and boy does this movie hit it hard.
Plucky
...a well-intentioned and consistently earnest endeavor that is, unfortunately, completely underwhelming almost from start to finish...
If you're a sucker for underdog stories and love rooting for a ragtag bunch that takes the nation by surprise, you'll find that "The Mighty Macs" delivers the same emotional payoff as "Hoosiers."
A by-the-numbers underdog sports movie, but as a female athlete who benefited from the national attention that team brought to female athletes, I embrace this feel-good story.
Its a story that is amazing but true, but a little depth in the character's stories would have added a lot to the overall enjoyment.
It's a shame that a movie that should have been a slam dunk feels more like a missed shot from the free throw line.
This distaff basketball tale dribbles away any chance for excitement through a mountainous accumulation of blinding clichés.
Good, clean entertainment for the whole family, snapping spare parts from hundreds of sports pictures together, fashioning a slight, but genial feature that should appeal to viewers hungry for lighter fare that isn't animated.
The Mighty Macs has its pleasant moments, but it does not have the authentic taste and aroma of Philly Cheese Steaks. Instead, it's as generic as McDonald's Big Macs.
Feminism, b-ball, and nuns. Hail Mary, full-court press.
The filmmakers may as well have taken the screenplay of Hoosiers and just made a few edits, changing the decade from the '50s to the '70s and the male characters into women.
has a gentle sweetness that is never cloying, never condescending. Instead there is an exuberance that is heart-warming -- the point of the exercise
'The Mighty Macs' might not be the champion of sports dramas, but it's entertaining and easy to watch. (Movie Review for Parents also available)
Sweetly old-fashioned … nice and well-intentioned, but on the other hand the Macs deserve better than a nice, well-intentioned movie.
It's Hoosiers in high heels with a splash of holy water. It's hard not to get sucked into the underdog story
Sometimes a film feels a bit too pat and yet is impossible to resist.
Without resorting to any trick plays, "The Mighty Macs" is the equivalent of high-top Converse All-Stars: timeless and effective, but perhaps not flashy enough for the kids at the mall.
The blandly inspirational sports flick "The Mighty Macs" is warm- spirited but all too obvious, even as the charms of its lead performer Carla Gugino help sell this familiar story.
There's something refreshingly unpushy about the movie and its beliefs, and Gugino seems to be sauntering through on her way to a different, spikier movie, the kind that is her stock in trade.
Few clichés are left untapped, including a cast of actresses playing nuns who seem to be hoping they've wandered into a Sister Act sequel.
Tame girls' basketball tale is sentimental but inspiring.
We know this kind of material can work, but The Mighty Macs seems to toil to ensure that it does not.
[It's] given such old-fashioned, kid-gloves treatment that its potential warmth and excitement caves under the weight of writer-producer-director Tim Chambers' good intentions.
Sports movies live and die by what takes place on the court or in the field, and this one feels rather rote.
The context and an excellent cast gives this more heft than the typical based-on-a-true-story saga of the underdog team that became national champions.
...all a bit too nice...but the competition on the court is genuinely fierce and the all around sense of sisterhood is solid.
It is no accident that "The Mighty Macs" sounds a lot like "The Mighty Ducks." It's basically an adult, female "Ducks."
It's sure not new, but somehow it never gets old.
Pleasing rather than rousing, informational rather than inspirational, Macs is more of a sit-in-the-bleachers-and-clap than a stand-up-and-cheer affair.
Instead of breaking new ground, "The Mighty Macs" revels in clichés, made apparent by the musical score of swelling strings, forcing unearned emotional resonance that the movie can't organically create.
"The Mighty Macs'' sticks so closely to the underdog-sports-movie playbook that it's practically generic.
Stop me if you've heard this one: A hapless, obscure underdog team overcomes countless disadvantages to become undisputed champions.
So few are the inspirational sports movies for girls that this formulaic drama about an underdog basketball team that beats the odds to win the national collegiate championship can be forgiven any sins.
Achingly familiar and evincing little ambition to stretch beyond its comfortably prescribed parameters of feel-good fortification, the film is mainly a nice showcase for Gugino, plus a reminder that sports aren't an exclusive domain of just men.
Trying desperately to be a 'Stand up and cheer' movie, the film's reactions will more commonly be, 'Stand up and walk calmly out of the theater.'
It's not that the film is about a story from 40 years ago; it's that it often looks and feels like it was made 40 years ago instead.
[A] low budget, high-fructose but generally effective rouser...
Formulas work if you know how to work them, but writer-director Tim Chambers, making his theatrical debut, only gets the beats right part of the time.
There is nothing to complain about except the film's deadening predictability and the bland, shallow characters.
Let's be honest: The Mighty Macs isn't an especially good movie but it overflows with goodness, and that counts for something.
Macs runs the same plays too often and fouls out.
A saga whose clichéd corniness (marriage isn't everything! athletics save the school!) would be practically sinful if not for the mighty Gugino...
The Mighty Macs appears to have been made on a budget equivalent to the cost of a WNBA fleece hoodie.
Writer-director Tim Chambers does little to generate suspense, and appears determined to immediately defuse any situation that even hints at the possibility of unpleasantness.
Too bad it's simply not that good, wobbling up on its way to the backboard and rolling on the rim before eventually making its point when what we were hoping for was a slam dunk.
Highlighted by Tim Chambers' script and tight directing, terrific acting, and Chuck Cohen's involving cinematography, this is a heartwarming film about fighting the odds and hanging in there.
Across the board, Tim Chambers seems ignorant of what he's delivering, from the arc of his story to his choice of shot.
A touching, tale of female empowerment serving as a worthwhile reminder that girls weren't always encouraged to play sports.
This tiny Catholic school for women dominated the sport at a turning point in history, and this plucky, old-fashioned sports drama sets the scene and tells the tale with a lot of heart and a dash of wit.

@highlight

Its heart is obviously in the right place, but The Mighty Macs is too blandly formulaic to transcend the genre's many clichés.