The ambitious themes are treated with great sensitivity and imaginative power in a tale that is both touching and beguiling, pushing beyond the form and frame of conventional feature-length fiction.
From the opening moments, as the graphics of the Archlord online game intercut with the world of Dutch teenager Ben (Greg Timmermans), we know we're in for something special
There is a lot to like about this daring drama but the final act pushes the suspension of disbelief to the extreme.
Greg Timmermans gives an exemplary performance as the title character, making his withdrawn loneliness a palpable thing.
Writer/director Nic Balthazar, adapting his own novel, would fool most as a first time filmmaker, as "Ben X" compellingly pulls one into Ben's world...
There are lessons to be learned, but rarely have such lessons been transformed into such vivid and emotionally affecting drama.
In adapting his novel and subsequent stage play, first-time writer-director Nic Balthazar seems more intent on impressing World of Warcraft gamers than honestly exploring the inner life of the mildly autistic boy at the center of his story.
This is a movie specially made for viewers who like a surprise ending.
The film is harrowing, if maybe a bit melodramatic, until it crashes and burns in a feel-good ending.
A provocative, exultant stunner.
The best movie I've seen about teen angst since Donnie Darko comes from Belgium?
The Flemish dialogue is not the only distinction of Belgian Nic Balthazar's confident, fearless directorial debut.
Undeniably a high-level achievement.
There's not a moment of warmth or ease in Ben X, Nic Balthazar's punishingly cacophonous debut.
The best movie I've seen about teen angst since Donnie Darko comes from Belgium?
Balthazar's aesthetic is ugly, aloof, maddeningly literal and unimaginative.
Ben X boldly melds virtual reality with live-action vérité style and docudrama to create what may be a new film grammar.
There's an especially important central theme to this striking teen drama that gives the film a potent urgency.
In short, Ben X is a well made, superbly acted drama with an emotionally engaging script and an important message. Recommended.
It is based on a successful play and has won festival awards. But its convoluted plot and an ending which we are not sure is real or fantasy prevent it striking home as well as it might.
This "issue" movie from Belgian director Nic Balthazar throws a dramatic feint so improbable one can almost see a cartoon question mark floating above the audience's heads.
An acute sense of foreboding animates this ambitious Dutch drama; clearly, something's about to go very badly wrong.
Flawed, but a forceful debut from a promising director.
It's a promising idea that hits the skids.
The next it has cast all narrative sense to the winds as it grabs desperately at a triumphant (even feel-good) ending. So much good work, undone at a stroke.
Ben X is about nothing and nothing.
It has its moments of triteness but by and large Ben X is provocative, moving and effective. It's a refreshingly different film that cleverly uses aspects of game culture to tell and intriguing story and confront difficult social problems.
The film's moral, technological and psychological themes are glazed over, and the manner in which Ben finally conquers his personal demons is laughably overblown.
Nic Balthazar's morality tale is a shrewd exercise in expectation-subversion.
Ben X's brand of reality [is] as vital as it is virtual.
What leads off like a docudrama of the social ills accompanying a misunderstood condition merges into fantasy until, in very clever ways, director Nic Balthazar turns the medium into the message.
[Director Balthazar] has made a vivid little film about bullying and cyber-bullying, and done a remarkable job of opening up the head of a silent witness.
It's not the overarching naturalism of the performance that stands out but the conceptual breakdown of the portrayal into smaller, loosely connected segments.
It would be hard to guess from the final result that Balthazar has never made a film before; Ben X takes full advantage of all that the medium has to offer.
Enriquecido ainda por uma direção de arte que ilustra a tristeza do universo de Ben, este é um projeto artisticamente ambicioso que revela sua sensibilidade particularmente através de seus belos diálogos.
[Director Nic] Balthazar's determination to draw a positive message from a negative situation doesn't quite fit.


@highlight

Thoughtful and provocative Dutch film concerned with autism, online gaming and bullying, though loses steam in the final act.