Director Justin Kelly clearly presents the facts of the story, but the necessary psychological content is lacking.
Well, that Franco is over; he's gone down a different road in movies that trifle with gay experience in not always positive ways like the new I Am Michael.
... struggles to find a consistent tone and feels embellished in spots, yet it evolves into a provocative examination of the crossroads between religion and sexuality
The performances are uniformly good and Kelly's effort to tell an unbiased story is admirable, but I Am Michael ultimately delivers more in the way of talking points than drama.
Kelly chronicles this all this with the clear-headedness of a detective procedural -- a sense of detachment that makes the film even more unsettling.
Fortunately, I am Michael proves itself to be an uneven film in the best possible way.
Franco's fantastic here. He gives a fieriness to Michael as a gay advocate, then seamlessly slides into borderline madness as he starts accepting that the "voice" he hears is God's.
Kelly is finding his sea-legs as a director.
Despite some wooden line readings, Franco gives himself fully to the challenge of rendering Glatze with truth and resolve.
Mr. Franco broods and puzzles and vacillates. But he often seems abandoned by a director whose approach is so noncommittal and dramatically limp that it strands the actor, and his character, in a bland purgatory of conflicting motivations.
A soberly stylish, impressively non-judgmental portrait of a controversial real-life case of transformation.
An intermittently affecting - but not entirely convincing - conversion story.
James Franco is a stand-out in I Am Michael, but the film's specific story struggles to relate on a broader scale.
Kelly and his actors seem anxious not to judge Glatze, but they can't downplay the cutting nature of his betrayal.
Franco's latest film, I Am Michael, is easily the most thought-provoking work he has done in this area yet as it deals with the true story of a formerly gay man who renounce his homosexuality.
Franco gives a sensitive performance, and this is a film worth seeing, but it's not easy to see.
It stars James Franco in the title role - casting that proves to be the film's biggest burden.
Franco never plays this character as hurt or vindictive. Right to the end, he's earnestly seeking, determined not to be slapped with any label, and willing to risk being totally alone.
Ends up feeling far too slight for a story about a man torn by such powerful beliefs.
Justin Kelly's film is more interested in rushing through the narrative's events than contemplating their environment.
The film is careful not to judge its protagonist's spiritual journey, but the delicately pointed direction of the final phone call between Michael and Bennett-Franco shot discreetly from behind and to the side; Quinto head on, facing camera-speaks volumes
The drama's formal elements aren't as compelling as the ideas it wrestles with, but it does make for one of James Franco's more accomplished and complicated performances.
Where the film is most interesting, however, is in its documentary value.
Justin Kelly's first feature offers an evenhanded portrait of its controversial subject, but it doesn't make his decisions easy to take.
Following rather forgettable performances from James Franco in both Queen of the Desert and Every Thing Will Be Fine - also both showing at Berlinale - this is one of his career's finest.
The first section meanders dully, but once Michael's spiritual side kicks in, the story is compelling, aided by Franco's sincere performance.
A competent feature debut - elegantly filmed and paced to keep viewers with Franco on an improbable ride.
Despite good intentions and excellent performances, there is too much of the ring of the academic argument and, especially for a film so concerned with the spiritual, not quite enough soul.
An interesting story, but unfortunately, rather uninterestingly told.
Franco and Quinto are great, but I AM MICHAEL should have been way more compelling given the subject matter.
Franco's latest film, I Am Michael, is easily the most thought-provoking work he has done in this area yet as it deals with the true story of a formerly gay man who renounce his homosexuality.
An unusually nuanced James Franco carries this complex portrait of a man who came out and fought to encourage other LGBT youth before converting to conservative Christianity.
Thankfully, the screenplay doesn't portray the story in simple terms of good or evil but that doesn't mean that there's quite enough nuance or insight to constantly elevate the material above the level of a well-made but TV-ready biopic.

@highlight

I Am Michael takes a determinedly balanced approach to its complex subject, and although the results don't always add up, they're anchored by strong work from James Franco.