The film is actually quite funny (tons of inside jokes for the comic book devotees) charming and heartfelt in many places. The other places, well, mega destruction and over-the-top action rules.
Captain America: Civil War focuses on the approach of superheroes to what's right and what's wrong. This movie makes you pick a side because both have very valid points.
At the heart of Captain America: Civil War is an amazing shape-shifting ability. It is a film that confronts the consequences of super-heroic intervention, while also providing a popcorn-worthy bang-pow experience.
There are a lot of superheroes in this, they found the right amount of time for each superhero. Everyone feels right with the amount of time that they are in this movie...This feels like an Avengers movie. Everyone shines in this.
The new characters totally live up to their new expectations...probably the best live action Spider-Man I have ever seen.
If we can continue to get movies as good as Captain America: Civil War, comic book adaptations are not a bubble about to burst; we're entering a golden age where everything is firing on all cylinders
There are a lot of players in this film but it never really feels like it's too crowded. It's just crowded enough to be an enjoyable film.
While it's immensely entertaining and has a biting sense of humor to boot, the film feels more like an Avengers series film than a stand-alone Cap pic.
Captain America: Civil War is very much a sequel to Winter Soldier but, regrettably, too long, tryingly complicated and it takes the best part of 75 minutes before it breaks into anything resembling comic exuberance.
Good luck picking a favorite fight, because every action scene is incredible.
Only the Russo brothers have knocked it out of the park twice. This is the film with everything.
From start to finish, Captain America: Civil War reminds us that there is a capable soldier and a remarkable human behind the mask and shield.
Actually, instead of Captain America: Civil War, a more appropriate title might be Captain America: Cap and Iron Man Get Their Iddy-Biddy Feewings Hurt.
Emotionally satisfying in a way that most other MCU movies can only dream of being.
"Captain America: Civil War" is a movie about faith - in each other, in leaders, in an ethos - in a universe that is becoming increasingly secular.
It is one of the best movies to ever come out of the Marvel Cinematic Universe, balancing engaging action set pieces and witty dialogue with intelligent character studies and ethical debates.
It's the balance of conflict at its core, and the film's willingness to expose and explore the deep-rooted feelings of its characters that makes Captain America: Civil War such a success.
In many ways, Civil War is Marvel's darkest and heaviest movie to date, but that's part of what makes it the studio's best.
This is one of the best films Marvel have produced.
An interesting ending to the Steve Rogers saga and a promising start to the third stage of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. [Full review in Spanish]
Captain America: Civil War proves that Marvel knows how to lay down a stunning foundation in order to detail an epic saga.
Coming out a month after the miserable bomb that was Batman V Superman has only helped to make Marvel's latest entry into the Avengers franchise look like a damn classic in comparison.
With some incredibly innovative action, some deeper, thought-provoking themes, and a plethora of dynamic characters, both old and new, Captain America: Civil War is among the very best of the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Captain America: Civil War turns The Avengers inside out, forcing conflict between the characters while managing to stage big action set pieces and even bigger jokes.
It's nearly a perfect comic book film.
The good news about Civil War is that those willing to bone up on the backstory will find characters they actually care about enough to root for.
Captain America: Civil War is without a doubt my new favorite superhero movie.
When the big battle between two feuding factions of the Avengers finally happens, it's a doozy.
Never mind if his stuff is cut with unbelievable dross, if the acting is terrible, the costumes are hideous, if the wigs are preposterous and the codpieces are disappointingly flat, loyal fans will still come back to be expertly fleeced.
... this is exactly what we asked for since (Steve) and Tony squared off in The Avengers... but it is also not what we wanted - and that's a good thing.
[While] the Russo brothers in the directors chair show a fairly deft hand at balancing a dozen characters and keeping the action exciting, elsewhere there's a bit of flailing.
A perfectly fine brand deposit in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
If we don't have something quite as fun and thrilling as The Avengers, we're still a hell of a long way from Zack Snyder's regrettable, murky Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice fiasco.
Thanks to its unpredictable story and avoidance of bombastic supervillain showdowns, Civil War stands out from Marvel's fun but formulaic back-catalog.
Joe and Anthony Russo (who directed the earlier Captain America: Winter Soldier, which introduced even more story threads picked up in this film's dense plot weave) are actually quite adept at this kind of big team juggling.
Its many ideas, plot-points and characters are expertly conceived, written and portrayed to make for a roller coaster of a superhero movie.
Captain America: Civil War is fun; it's too well made, acted and scripted for it to be anything less.
The real key to Captain America: Civil War is its sense of inevitability, and its acceptance that sometimes things change-they change big.
Despite the name on the marquee and the content of the advertising campaign, this is very much a film about Tony Stark (Robert Downey Jr.).
Captain America: Civil War is good, but too stuffed to be great.
Civil War is the Marvel machine doing things right, but the machine is still designed to make films with all of the corners rounded off and all of the themes simplistic enough for ten-year-olds.
Recalls last year's extravaganza "Avengers: Age of Ultron," although it's less slick and has a stronger emotional center.
It's this light-heartedness that keeps Captain America: Civil War from succumbing to the kind of pretentiousness that marred Batman V. Superman.
The most mature, smart and fun Marvel movie. [Full review in Spanish]
Marvel's response to superhero fatigue, then, is clear: Double-down on character and up the storytelling's short game as well as its long game. It's an old-fashioned strategy, and it absolutely works.
Marvel, with its comic strip cool, Industrial Light & Magic control of gravity, what may be the largest ensemble of characters in its movie history and visual artistry, has done it again.
It wields an equally large cast with surprising dexterity, never losing sight of which players matter most to the story it's trying to tell.
Joe and Anthony Russo effectively hit the pause button on the Avengers franchise to address the human cost of "collateral damage," while still delivering the impressive action we've come to expect from the Marvel franchise.
Civil War is fun. It's smart. It's coherent. And, most importantly, it allows its heart to beat strongly amid the chaos, with character moments and set pieces working in tandem to create perhaps Marvel's best film so far.
It's more of the same, of course it has a little more entertainment, but it's the same tendency to repeat what has worked in the past, nothing new. [Full review in Spanish]
This satisfying adventure is rich with the things Marvel comics always did best: critiquing the consequences of power in explosive, four-color form.
Like guest star Ant-Man in his new Giant-Man identity, this somewhat ungainly Marvel sequel almost collapses under its own weight.
In Captain America: Civil War, the intelligent plotting, thoughtful character development and blockbuster action of the past two instalments comes to a thrilling apex.
Anthony and Joe Russo's first-rate feature provides both invigorating action and genuine contemplation. It's an engaging superhero movie that actually ponders the human cost of doing all that cool stuff.
On par with the recent Avengers combo films, but quite inferior to the prior Captain America outing.
Very entertaining, and a far tighter production than much of Marvel's recent output.
Not the best Marvel movie, but does do the best job balancing its obligations, while also boasting the series' best action sequence (Splice Today)
A good, disposable piece of FX-driven entertainment, even if it comes with the obligatory one-act storyline, lack of originality and 30-minute over-run.
Anthony and Joe Russo make a cheerful show of it, giving their gee-whiz comic book audience all they could wish for -- and more. But that's the problem -- it's still just 90 minutes worth of story stretched out to two-and-a-half hours.
It's this levity that makes the much-touted battle royale between Team Cap and Team Iron Man so much fun.
Hey, two superheroes can do battle without totally sucking.
The fact that Civil War ponders the importance of those who've died in conflicts doesn't add complexity to the film, it just fills it with hipocrisy. [Full review in Spanish]
SO entertaining it wll feel short, even if it's two and a half hours. I wanted more. Please give us more! [Full review in Spanish]
Captain America and Iron Man almost represent the schism that now divides American voters, politicians, and pundits. I say "almost," because the film...doesn't inspire reflection upon the dire seriousness of our current ideological civil war.
The fact that a Marvel movie dares to question the big, shiny spectacle that is its bread and butter - and acknowledge that untold thousands die in the name of entertainment - seems rather novel.
When I saw that this was going to be a clash of superheroes, with former friends fighting each other, I wondered how they were going to set it up. Very carefully, it turns out, with a solid screenplay and strong performances.
A magnificent superhero film, with endearing characters, humor and action to go with an interesting plot and a well told story. [Full review in Spanish]
The Russo Brothers created and exciting film with one of the best action scenes in the whole MCU. [Full review in Spanish]
(Visually), the Russos aim for clarity and hit the bullseye. And more importantly, they'll satisfy a core audience of fan-types that can be, shall we say, high-maintenance.
"Civil War" invites too many people to the party and is a little too beholden to other once-and-future movies to match the excellence of its predecessors.
http://www.spiritualityandpractice.com/films/reviews/view/28172/captain-america-civil-war
Captain America and Iron Man have always had a humorously antagonistic relationship, with the former's red-white-and-blue purity conflicting with the latter's narcissistic vulgarity, so watching them truly at odds with each other packs a punch
The motto of the directors, Anthony and Joe Russo, appears to be: If you can make it happen, do it. Don't hold back.
Marvel has defied expectations yet again with this action-packed but thought-provoking entry that masterfully introduces Tom Holland as the next Spider-Man.
A barely adequate, tonally berserk lyric to the pains of franchise building. In other words, it does absurdly little with a whole lot.
An underwhelming exercise in sound and fury striclty for brains on pause. .
The fun and excitement of Captain America: Civil War carries it through a slow start and weak premise. It sets up great expectations for new chapters, and after this epic fracturing of their Avengers friendship, we want to know where they go from here.
As they did in Winter Soldier, the Russos have achieved an uncommon balance of plot and action, humor and drama, all of it once again deeply grounded in character.
Dull, overlong, exhausting and mildly entertaining without rising to the heights of the first Captain America's palpable thrills, suspense and intrigue
Cap has not just saved the world, he's saved a comic book universe from complacency by boldly raising the ante on all who dare follow this wonderful, magnificent entertainment.
In an era when superhero flicks hit theaters with the same frequency as bugs hit windshields, Captain America: Civil War still manages to rise above the fray and declare itself one of the finest pictures yet from Team Stan Lee.
These are real characters, not empty action figures, and they're the reason the MCU has gone from success to success while other superhero franchises have stumbled or stalled.
a rip-snorting action adventure with a clever plot that appeals to both the fan-boy and fan-girl, as well as an intelligent consideration of the uses and responsibilities of power
POW! Crammed with action, it's a superhero slog as the Marvel Cinematic Universe marches on...
Captain America: Civil War is the movie equivalent of the all-dressed potato chip: A junk food classic that can't be denied, but can never truly satisfy our desire for something original.
Above all, it's simply a well-made movie: juggling a staggering number of characters with absolute effortlessness and readily expanding Marvel's collection of heroes without cramming them in.
Captain America: Civil War is precisely crafted as one of the best comic book films of all time. It's as if Return of the Jedi stole all of the action sequences from Die Hard: With a Vengeance and Mad Max: Beyond Thunderdome.
Captain America: Civil War is a great superhero blockbuster that lays the groundwork for even bigger and better things to come in Phase 3 of the MCU.
a powerful film dealing with complex human emotions with roots in revenge and loyalty
A perfectly well paced and coherent tale about revenge and the question of absolute power resulting in absolute corruption.
Civil War maintains the same balance of action and significant (if brief) character development/interaction that made Winter Soldier so enjoyable.
An entertaining, intelligent, and smart film for a blockbuster. Definately not just for fans. [Full review in Spanish]
The film flows smoothly because of the great physical and verbal gags, but also because of the perfectly constructed fight scenes. [Full review in Spanish]
Exciting and ingeniously conceived, this is Marvel working at the top of its cinematic game.
Buckle in. The ultimate battle of superhero titans is about to take off in Marvel's Captain America: Civil War and hold onto your seats, folks, because this is one helluva ride - and the best Marvel movie to date.
Chris Evans, with his pumped-up muscles and thawed-out all-American good looks, adds greatly to making this a satisfying watch.
Massive, overstuffed, overlong and yet fleet-footed, witty and terrifically entertaining.
Slid off my senses like Thor's hammer across Cap's vibranium shield -- the powerhouse hits land without so much as a scratch.
The sad middle-aged dudes who cling so desperately to these films require constant reassurances that they're not just fun stories for children in which men wear tights.
Listening to the applause of cheers for deaths and devastation was a bit scary and more and more what we are seeing in real life. No wonder why!
Captain America: Civil War, the third and perhaps final installment of the Captain America movie franchise is the kind of smart, emotionally resonant and visually exhilarating movie fans of the genre have been waiting for.
The latest Marvel movie to build on the series' past while setting up its future, Captain America: Civil War is also the most ambitious film yet in that comic-book cinematic universe.
Civil War's conflict is earned rather than contrived. It's the culmination of tense friendships and strained egos that Marvel has cultivated for years. The stakes feel real, which gives this comic book spectacle more heft than the genre usually deserves.
The balance that Captain America: Civil War strikes between action, character, emotion, humor, and intellectual debate makes this a compendium of all the best things the Marvel movies have had to offer.
It isn't a perfect effort, but it's plenty to reach summer blockbuster status, and Civil War will leave fans salivating for the next installment in the series.
Not as bad as Batman v. Superman. But way too long and dumb. Who believes they are out to kill one another?
This movie feels like the fanboy event we've been sold before that wasn't delivered, epically constructed and briskly paced.
Intense, entertaining adventure is a great threequel.
It's the Vibranium standard for super-team flicks.
"...for me to consider Captain America: Civil War a good movie - good enough to make me forget Prince had just died - it must be pretty good indeed.
...while one of the story lines does pick up from Captain America: The Winter Soldier, it's Iron Man who steals the show.
Damned if it isn't fun to watch Spider-Man pull off a Johnny Lawrence-approved leg sweep of Captain America.
Civil War is a shiny, inoffensive product meant to make millions for Disney on a global scale. It also delivers more pure entertainment than any film in recent memory.
A big, sprawling superhero mega-movie, with more spandex to the gallon than any flick that's come down the pike in a long time.
...make no mistake, this movie plays like a third "Avengers" film hidden within the thin, sub-hero veneer.
Scads of characters, oodles of travel, acres of eye-punishing shakey-cam action - the movie's excess of just about everything overwhelms its virtues.
The Russos devote substantial time undoing the incoherent mess Joss Whedon left behind in AGE OF ULTRON...
A non-stop action movie, but they can't stop the deeper, more interesting film emerging.
Civil War reminds us it's OK to enjoy a few laughs, even while diabolical villains plot doom, outraged citizens demand accountability and your best pal mistrusts you.
As long as talented, passionate filmmakers continue to be brought aboard to take these stories and characters in fresh directions, there is no reason to expect this massive franchise will grow stale or lose its vitality anytime soon.
This is a stark example of what movies have become, which is intellectual diarrhea...there is no acting...just one ridiculous fight after another between and among people who are more or less invulnerable. But, get used to it. This junk makes money.
Civil War is much better than Age of Ultron, but as a sequel of The Winter Soldier it falls short. [Full review in Spanish]
There remains a lot to like about it, such as an opening battle offering some sparkling 3-D effects, the thrilling final showdown, and its showcase cast.
...just another loud, overblown Marvel misfire...
In the end this is a movie about friendships and conflict, and what can happen when the latter overwhelms the former. It's about two genuine heroes who can't reconcile their obligations and duties with the friendship they both cherish.
If there's something that we need to mention above civil war's perfect technical execution and rollercoster rythym, it's the way the characters connect with the audience after many years of exploring them. [Full review in Spanish]
The "civil war" that erupts among Avengers foments filmmaking invention, not anarchy. It harks back to a comic-book tradition that predates the Avengers.
The good news about the latest Marvel project to land on the screen is that it's livelier and more entertaining than the other Avenger offerings -- even if this one technically waves the Captain America banner.
Civil War makes a pretense of pondering the consequences of going rogue. But Marvel is all about playing it safe.
Downey Jr. persists in trying to give a real performance in these Marvel movies, and, against all odds, succeeds.
The super-charged 'Captain America: Civil War' is a winner.
Dependable, reliable, comforting - like ordering at a chain restaurant. You know what kind of meal you're going to get every time, and you'll most likely enjoy it.
Highly entertaining.
Splitsville followed by biffo, all with an extremely agreeable light touch.
My biggest complaint --- and one I'm weary of repeating --- is the habit of such films to include massive carnage by bombings, guns, car chases, etc. "Captain America: Civil War" would have been every bit as entertaining without this excessive violence.
"Captain America: Civil War" has some surprises, but the battle scenes --- here we go again --- are far too long.
The action-packed and daring Captain America: Civil War is the most game-changing chapter in the Marvel Cinematic Universe since -- well, since Captain America: The Winter Soldier.
It's sure to please those who beat up on Batman v. Superman because it mixes lots of quips in with the action, the moralizing, and the tragic revelations.
An impressive achievement, though not an especially interesting one.
There is darkness, there is depth, but the important thing is that the element of fun is also most definitely present.
Marvel proves yet again that it's not just running on a streak of luck: These guys have enough superhero tricks up their sleeve to keep us coming back for the foreseeable future.
A blockbuster among blockbusters.
CA:CV moves along at a brisk pace, the effects are fantastic and the superhero line-up is the best we have seen since Avengers Assemble. Bottom line, CA:CV is an entertaining film with some great action sequences.
Simply put, when it comes to juggling multiple superheroes in a single movie, Marvel's latest comes close to setting the standard. And the studio, as well as the villagers, should have cause to rejoice.
As overwhelming as all this seems, the story stays incredibly focused on what defines Steve Rogers...
Mostly, this one registers as sound and fury, signifying sequels.
Holland's webslinger is easily Civil War's best surprise. He projects a genuine sense of awe and wonder in the presence of the other heroes.
It takes a while to get going, but once it does, it's a blast.
Captain America: Civil War may look as if it's made from and operate as if it's beholden to the mold of the regular, old superhero movie, but it doesn't feel that way.
The filmmakers ... understand that they've built up a vast ensemble of character types, all of them played by better-than-average actors, and that they can mix and match the drama, comedy, or action as they see fit.
"Captain America: Civil War" is for every little kid who ever bashed one action figure into another while saying "Pew! P-Pew! Kapow-shuh-WOOOOSH!!" In other words, it's nearly perfect.
A comic book extravaganza that's enhanced by wit and audacity, not to mention the sort of action that only mountains of money can buy.
There's a lot wrong in the film's two and a half hours, but enough that's right to keep the train from falling off the tracks.
After the first two "Captain America" entries, the finest comic-book movies of the last five years, this one is disappointing.
The biggest of all the Avengers films, and perhaps the most satisfying.
Big, Bigger and Biggest doesn't equal Best in this Captain America chapter of the Avengers movie chronicle.
Humor becomes a resource that saves the film. But even when that, the superhero formula is starting to feel old. [Full review in Spanish]
...works better as big group caper film than action extravaganza.
Heroes fighting each other over a misunderstanding or ideological conflict is a longtime comic book staple. Batman v Superman is a great example of the exact wrong way to present this sort of conflict. "Civil War" nails it.
Civil War hinges on a public outcry for accountability and oversight. Which sounds about as sexy as the minutes from a zoning meeting, but in practice makes for a toothsome debate
The players salvage this thing with their acting and awesome thighs, and the fun really kicks in when Spider-Man (Tom Holland), Ant-Man (Paul Rudd), and Black Panther (Chadwick Boseman) join the squabble in an exhilarating airport sequence.
It's not a great superhero fantasy but it's a good one -- genuine fun, thank heaven.
How the emotional dynamics of the schism impacts the characters is what elevates "Civil War." These are friends and comrades forced to fight for their beliefs. Each blow they inflict on each other is as painful to them as it is to their opponent.
Civil War feels like just another overstuffed Marvel movie working itself through a brand strategy checklist. Plenty will he happy with that. And yes, it's rather more fun than the last time a couple of superheroes went at it on the big screen.
This is one of the best movies Marvel has created.
Delivers an epic adventure that finds its greatest power by scaling back the superhero antics to reveal the human combatants at their core.
While this is one of the better Marvel efforts, Marvel and others are creating serious Super Hero fatigue. How many times can we see the same basic themes writ large?
"Captain America: Civil War" does not in any way transcend the conventions of the genre. On the contrary: It succeeds because it doesn't really try.
It's a far cry from the grim, feigned gravitas of the Snyderverse. For those who relish the sprawl of the Marvel Comics universe, "Civil War" should be a delight.
[It] leaves plenty of "Yeah, but what about ..." questions unanswered. But the studio also delivers a few things better than ever here. Order the free-refill tub for what may be the popcorniest ride of the summer movie season.
Has nearly all the strengths of the best Marvel Cinematic Universe movies so far, as well as some of the weaknesses.
Much of "Captain America: Civil War" is just the laborious working-out of leftover dangling plot elements from "Captain America: The Winter Soldier" two summers ago.
"Civil War" gets right almost everything that the dull, serious and chaotic "Batman vs. Superman" got wrong.
Civil War is of course a huge payoff for fans who've been following from the start, but even the casual movie-goers will pick up on the fact that there's something slightly more special about this one.
Captain America: Civil War is a comic book pulped into today's newspaper.
I appreciated Civil War for not only some great action scenes, but also for delving into more internal issues with our heroes, allowing us to see them from an alternate angle than what we're used to.
To the short list of superhero flicks that exceed expectations, add "Captain America: Civil War."
Arguably the movie that the previous 12 Marvel adventures have all been working towards
Lower your expectations and enjoy the CGI ride with characters who can do no cinematic wrong.
It's wildly entertaining, emotionally moving at times, humorous, intense, and just plain fun.
The Russos continue to prove themselves as fantastic filmmakers especially when it comes to action movies.
Captain America: Civil War is the Avengers movie that Age of Ultron aspired to be.
A joyous tour-de-force of superhero action with real ideas and strong emotions at heart.
Plays out just like any grand superhero epic should, with plenty of edge of your seat action, thrills, comedy and more.(Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity etc. - Also Available)
"Captain America: Civil War" appeals to me more strongly than any superhero movie of the last decade.
A little too rambling at two and a half hours, but otherwise just the right shade of light and bright for a movie about superheroes fighting superheroes.
There are about ten movies going on in "Captain America: Civil War," which is at least seven too many. The good news is, most of them are fun, and there are enough rousing moments to elevate the movie to Marvel's top tier.
Who emerges as the winner of this "Civil War"? The audience. The picture delivers in a big, big way.
If you live and breathe Marvel, this is one of the MCU's stronger offerings. If you are a spy coming in from the cold, the answer is not so clear.
After the formulaic thrills of The Winter Soldier and Age of Ultron, Marvel's Avengers were in danger of getting stuck in a rut, but a smart script for this surprisingly focussed thriller kicks everything into a new direction.
The filmmakers clearly understand the unique strengths and weaknesses of the various heroes, and they depict them smartly and distinctly over the course of the fight.
Marvel employs its superpowers to ensure Captain America: Civil War is nothing like the underwhelming Batman v Superman. A deft touch, perfect casting and well-paced script does it.
Despite its technical polish, it comes across more as just another assembly-line commercial product than the special event that fans are no doubt hoping for.
Superhero-on-superhero collisions beyond the dreams of fanboy heaven.
Suffice it to say that, rather than psychic powers or super-strength, casting has always been the Marvel movies' secret weapon. That holds true here, up to and including charismatic newcomers Chadwick Boseman [and] Tom Holland.
New challenges, darker reflections, stranger characters, and enough dramatic lubrication to feed additional sequels and spin-offs, adding more width to this already gloriously widescreen world.
The Captain America series are the most consistent and satisfying films that Marvel have made. And Civil War is the best one yet.
The movie fumbles the question at the very heart of the Avengers but not before giving its fan base plenty of reasons to cheer.
There are acknowledged costs to the movie's confrontations, from the bruises that almost every character sports to the bystanders who are killed in the crossfire.
Toss in a few secrets revealed and Captain America: Civil War kicks off the summer movie season with a punch strong enough to make the Hulk's head spin.
Fun, happily, is one of the many ingredients in copious supply here. When you include Paul Rudd as Ant-Man, how could it not be? Then again, there isn't a lot of room for him, so he's kind of wedged in there, but it's pretty swell when he's around.
With every new installment of the comic book franchise, the scale gets bigger, relationships get trickier, new forces enter the fray.
With Civil War, Marvel Studios has proven, once again, that the world's heroes remain in good hands.
It probably doesn't need to run two and a half hours long, but at least it's a case of too much of a good thing.
Where Batman v Superman tossed out ideas without ever thinking them all the way through, Civil War is constantly aware of the consequences of its characters' actions, both to themselves and to the people around them.
In short, the movie has just about everything.
Even if it's a great movie for the genre, the movie is far from perfect. [Full review in Spanish]
One of the best blockbusters ever made.
It all escalates into a group showdown that's gloriously fun and genuinely sad, because if you've made it through eight years of Marvel features, you care about these quippy oddballs and their imperfect alliance.
Captain America: Civil War balances an over-loaded cast with ease, as this action-heavy new Marvel chapter will have viewers salivating over what comes next.
The film's real conflict is idealism versus realism... The actualization of that conflict gives the Russo brothers an anchor around which to stage half a dozen top-flight superhero battles.
The most impressive superpower on display in Captain America: Civil War... is the whole team's ability to give an escapist comic book movie an intelligent sense of connection to life in the modern world.
Civil War resonates not only with our current climate of hostile political divisions and questions about American intervention in foreign conflicts. It also carries echoes of American anxieties that stretch back to the beginning of the 20th century.
As amiable as he is, Spidey's presence compromises the very stakes Civil War is trying to pitch.
A house divided against itself cannot stand. But in the case of Captain America: Civil War, a divided house brings out the best in this supersized superhero franchise.
It's fine. But these movies are like going back to a magic show where the illusionist dazzled you the first time or two, and realizing he's just going to keep doing the same tricks.
Downey is enough to make you think that an Avengers movie with no action at all might still be good. It might even be an improvement.
As far as big superhero mash-ups are concerned, this one whets the appetite without providing a satisfying main course.
Sure, it's too much and way too familiar. But Captain America: Civil War brings the fun, the fierce and the fireworks. Summer, we have liftoff.
A tremendous feat of filmmaking. It will leave you breathless. It will make you laugh constantly. It will make you cheer. It will make you think about the positions these characters take, and it may put you at odds with a hero you love.
There's a lot of something for everyone in this standardly super, superhero movie.
Despite a dense first half that might confound newcomers, it delivers all the humor and action that fans have come to expect -- as well as the finest Avengers fight scene yet.
It's just stultifyingly dutiful.
By this time one would think that the Marvel formula was getting old and that it wouldn't work anymore, and yet the studio just keeps making it better.
Ponderous pandering. And no Paltrow as Pepper Potts?
Exceeds all expectations as this marvelous epic ensures every other summer blockbuster is vying for second best.
It's simply just a story about the bonds of friendship, doing the right thing when presented with a difficult decision and how we're ultimately shaped by our choices.
A good amount of self-aware humor permeates the challenging two-hour, 26-minute running time of this movie.
If you do not count Guardians of the Galaxy -- because it remains an eccentric outlier -- Civil War now easily ranks as the best movie in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Kudos to co-directors Anthony and Joe Russo and the team of writers for juggling more than a dozen comic-book characters and nearly that many plot lines, and only occasionally getting us (and by us I mean ME) lost in the Geek Weeds.
Nothing in Civil War takes your breath away... Little in story terms is what you'd call daisy fresh. But almost everything in it works on its own prescribed terms, and the quiet moments register.
Civil War, at its best, is blessedly light on its superhero-booted feet.
Civil War lives in those moments when the smashing starts. The central fight between the two halves of the Avengers group is a tremendous sequence, full of imaginative teamwork and impressive effects.
It does prove, if Marvel hasn't already, that something can be both a load-bearing act of brand extension and a nimble, colorful blast of entertainment.
Their respective motivations are convincing, and the 16-minute "splash panel" showdown at the Leipzeig airport is fun.
In a time when superheros have proven to be complex and able to star in dramas, it feels like a letdown to see them reduced to quips and jokes. [Full review in Spanish]
In the race with DC Comics, Marvel still comes out on top when it comes to fun.
It's a rollicking and action-packed extravaganza in which every superhero has a moment to shine.
The Russos understand how to pace action better than many of their MCU contemporaries, and as such, Civil War moves at a rapid clip despite all the table-setting and it being the lengthiest Marvel film to date at 146 minutes
Naturally this is all cluttered and overstuffed to the point of bursting, and yet the convoluted feel and overfamiliarity of much of the plotting is compensated for by the Russo brothers knack for gargantuan action, some tough laughs and real acting.
It's the most lively, engaging Marvel movie since Guardians of the Galaxy, and among the very best of the whole Avengers series.
The undeniable fun of the action scenes only exacerbates the failure of the narrative to adequately contend with its own themes.
The latest Captain America adventure us nothing more than a really long trailer for the new adventures of the new Spider-Man. [Full review in Spanish]
While it lacks the sense of surprise of [the last film], its mix of action, humor, effects, the introduction of a new character and the reintroduction of an old one strikes just the right tone for a film that is as much about marketing as moviemaking.
The summer movie season has barely begun, and already the remedy for superhero film fatigue has arrived.
A taut, sinewy piece of filmmaking with enough brains to keep you engaged and enough brawn to keep you in awe.
The third "Captain America" film entertains relentlessly, which is to say loudly and busily, but with enough humor and intelligence to make it seem less pandering than it actually is.
Captain America v Iron Man succeeds where Batman v Superman utterly failed. Civil War is Marvel's greatest action film so far.
The Marvel blockbuster machine keeps on trucking with a double-sized new issue of Captain America that packs enough punch to distract from its grinding plot mechanics.
Marvel has no peer in this arena, and the utter perfect and sheer awesomeness of "Captain America: Civil War" is the best example of their superiority.
Civil War is both a Captain America sequel and a third Avengers movie, and that's more than any movie could possibly pull off. It does the best it can, though.
Bragging just a bit - see how many franchise characters we've got, DC? - Marvel practically doubles the number of superheroes for this movie. And it's too much.
A direct sequel to Captain America: The Winter Soldier...a crazy-cool superhero teamup/smackdown movie to make Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice look like a tea party, and a franchise-launching introduction to the new Spider-Man...
Marvel makes it funny, and that charm and care is what has and will keep audiences coming back over and over again.
Just another entry to the superhero genre, they tried to make it "the" definitive film for it but it falls short, however, that doesn't mean this is a bad film at all. [Full review in Spanish]
The audience will truly b satisfied for a very specific reason: this is truly a battle between heroes. [Full review in Spanish]
Cinema can also be a playground, and knowing that, Civil War is the best toy you can play with this summer. [Full review in Spanish]
A film that doesn't really know what kind of movie it wants to be, and in the end is only entertaining action. [Full Review in Spanish]
These films are supposed to make you have a good time at the theater, and Civil War guarantees it. [Full Review in Spanish]
Civil War is just a little short from being one of the third best Marvel movies ever, but it's deffinately good. [Full review in Spanish]
Marvel, our hats are well and truly off.
Civil War has all the trappings to sway your experience and make you feel like you've watched the best superhero movie of your life.
It's worth seeing alone for the ultimate superhero face-off battle scene - epic stuff.
There's a light touch, and it is often funny. There are many series in-jokes -- the scene where Iron Man recruits Spider-Man (Tom Holland) is a classic example. And the action scenes are outstanding.
The two sides arrive on the tarmac of Leipzig airport... [and] the result manages to resemble both a brawl in a Magaluf nightclub and one of the most purely delirious scenes in recent action cinema.
A near perfect Superhero film! All that destruction in the previous films have real world consequences and those chickens come home to roost. There's no hugging it out this time.
There's some good stuff in 'Captain America: Civil War.' That's what these Marvel things are now: a lot of stuff.
If you're a fan of the previous Marvel films, then this film is pretty much just more of what you already like, with all the Marvel-spectacle you could ever hope for.
Captain America: Civil War is one of the best superhero movies out there because it dares to break the formula. [Full review in Spanish]
The best way to think of Captain America: Civil War is as a toy box in which the sheer quantity of toys partly makes up for the lack of anything new.
There are more characters and subplots that a Game of Thrones episode but somehow, directors Anthony and Joe Russo have managed to mash it all together into something that works.
A remarkably coherent and tightly focused affair that by virtue of clarity and concision, manages to keep all its ducks in a row while providing both the movies billed, i.e. the sequel to Winter Soldier and the Avengers' civil war.
This film may excel at building anticipation for cool things coming a year or two down the line, but does a movie called Captain America that leaves you wishing you were watching one called Spider-Man really count as a win for blockbuster fans?
The central debate is topical but it cries out for input from some of Marvel's newer creations (if only there was space for Ms Marvel, aka Kamala Khan, a Pakistani-American teen from New Jersey).
Even for those of us who aren't comic-book devotees, Captain America: Civil War scores as pure cinematic escapism.
The picture's great achievement is the adept balancing of so many characters. It never feels overstuffed and everyone has their moment and purpose while several new heroes are introduced.
In many respects this is the Marvel movies' finest hour.
The sheer force of so much superpowered personality on screen makes for a blast of a movie.
A near-perfect blend of humour, drama and action.
There are lots of other laugh-out-loud moments: self-aware, comic book-aware ones for Marvel fans and straight-out ones for non-expert viewers.
Captain America: Civil War is very good, but the connective tissue between the powerful scenes, felt like chewy gristle in a great cut of steak.
The Russos have taken a leaf out of Joss Whedon's playbook, remembering that as cool as they are in costume, the most character development happens when these superheroes are in civvies.
Captain America: Civil War rumbles busily towards a confrontation between Cap and Iron Man, but that fistfight is perhaps the least interesting bit of this frenetic, hyperactive and intermittently enjoyable film.
Tough, unanswerable human questions frame spectacular, innovative action sequences that are like superhero ballets. This series just keeps getting better.
Are you #TeamCap or #TeamIronMan? If this question makes any sense to you then Captain America: Civil War and its superb action sequences will bring you untold joy.
The directors and wrters know how to nit layers and plots together while also introducing new characters in a very organic way. [Full review in Spanish]
Marvel shows how it's done and delivers one of their best movies to date. [Full review in Spanish]
The Russo brothers use some elements of political thrillers and spy films to create some beats that give some breath to the visual spectacle we see on screen while giving us other moments to develop the plot. [Full review in Spanish]
Civil War is one of the best Marvel movies and superhero movies overall. [Full review n Spanish]
A near-perfect comic book movie.
Another round of extravagant action, chewy ideas and whip-smart quips.
One of Marvel's rare missteps, lacking the joy, excitement and sense of anything being possible that's always been the studio's hallmark.
Seriously, DC Comics and Warner Bros. need to consider just outsourcing their movie production to Marvel/Disney from now on so they can do it properly.
The best movie produced by Marvel Studios so far. [Full review in Portuguese]
It all feels shudderingly hollow; a stack of briefs filled to a fault by a pair of journeyman directors.
Not only does Civil War eschew the dull trend of city-wide destruction, it bases its entire plot on the consequences of having caused all that ruin.
Marvel returns with their biggest blockbuster ever, proving how well they know how to deliver a product that audiences will love. [Full review in Spanish]
Look, I don't begrudge those who love the Avengers, as they so passionately do. I'm just genuinely perplexed.
It's not as gloomy as DC's recent efforts (few films are) and judicious doses of wit and charm relieve the angst and the smashing.
Civil War, for all of its fanboy shout-outs, continues The Winter Soldier's sense of mystery and intrigue, using the shady shenanigans to drive action sequences that rarely feel forced.
The political allegories are mostly abandoned and swapped for character motivation, as if we should never have bothered to contemplate a second meaning in the first place.
Marvel movies are not adapted from stories they're based on, they seem to be the product of dreams. [Full review in Spanish]
A mix of genres that appeals not just to comic book fans, but also to a broader audience looking for stories full of emotion and intrigue that are able to hold their own. [Full review in Spanish]
Funny, sad, satirical, spectacular... this is that rare blockbuster that proves that more can be more.
Grief, anguish, revenge. All of these, when rendered onto the canvas of a well-rounded character, are so much more potent than the sight of a city crashing into another city or a looming CGI spaceship drawing ever nearer to its fatal destination.
One of the best superhero flicks until now. [Full review in Spanish]
Captain America: Civil War is therefore a stunning achievement: one that far exceeds expectations to deliver one of the most thrilling superhero experiences you are ever likely to see.
These films no longer have to delight and surprise us; no, their job now is to manage the brand, not screw anything up too royally, and keep us hooked for the next installment. Civil War pulls all that off mostly well.
Iron Man and Captain America duke it out in a round, exciting film in what can be described as the biggest blockbuster of the year. [Full review in Spanish]
In spite of having so many characters on screen, the film never turns into Avengers 2.5 and always mantains focus on Captain America. It's not perfect, but it almost is and you will really enjoy it. [Full review in Spanish]
No doubt this is the kind of high note Marvel would like to continue indefinitely across the franchise.
Captain America: Civil War is overflowing with characters, taking old favourites, introducing new ones, and making them all work together in glorious harmony.
It's not just breathtaking in its visuals, it's heartbreaking in its content, making Captain America: Civil War one of the best Marvel movies yet.
I feel sorry for DC fans.
Revels in it's complacency, spectacular only within the boundaries of what has become the serviceable standard for a Marvel film; it's all glory and no guts.
Devotion among bros (debrotion?) is tested in Civil War, which sees suspicious boy scout Steve Rogers battle Tony Stark, in defence of his old Brooklyn buddy Bucky Barnes... [it's] unique; you don't often say that of 13th instalments.
Where we afraid we would get tired of superhero movies? if what's comes next is as good as this, send me all the movies you want. [Full review in Spanish]
There's enough variety in the action to sustain at least four major arrangements without resorting to more boom, smash and bam. For a two-and-a-half hour movie, everything's surprisingly well-paced.
This is how Marvel Entertainment does the multi-hero smackdown thing, and man, does it deliver.
This is good ridiculous fun, with a steady stream of wisecracks to accompany the fan-pleasing one-on-one match-ups.
Marvel movies don't get much better than this. The trouble is, they don't want to.
A large demonstration that Marvel can go much further. [Full review in Spanish]
...a bright, vivid, compelling cocktail...
It is during those scenes with Spider-Man that Marvel Studios demonstrates its greatest strength: a certainty of tone.
Plotwise, there's a lot of ground to cover in Civil War (even at two-and-a-half hours). But the Russos juggle all of the murky motivations and shifting alliances with impressive deftness.
Captain America: Civil War, has managed to reinvent the comic book movie once again, creating a film that's thoughtful, mature and moving at the same time as being a thrilling ensemble romp.
Thanks to the extraordinary engineering work of screenwriters Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely and directors Anthony and Joe Russo, this film keeps moving, never losing its sense of purpose.
In the 2016 battle for superhero supremacy, Marvel has unquestionably delivered the knock-out blow.
There is real maturity in a story of guilt, revenge, torn loyalties and tragic revelations - between the fights, explosions, chases and general awesomeness.
Heroes or vigilantes is the question raised in this highly inventive, full-throttle adventure... An agile mind is required to keep up with the never-ending plot twists and leaps; it is refreshing to find genuine originality and flair
Unlike Avengers: Age of Ultron, this is leaner and more low-key. Captain America: Civil War is less about citywide destruction or alien hordes being repelled than it is mistrust and internal divisions.
Not only is it another stellar Cap movie, it's maybe my favorite Tony Stark movie, and it also proves how you put a million heroes in the same movie effectively.
The Russos deliver the goods once again and prove to have a safe pair of hands when it comes to pacey, well-choreographed action and accommodating a large starry cast.
It's a magnificent action film, it's a wonderful character piece, it's big, brash, bursting with confidence and brio; it's Marvel firing on all cylinders just when, by rights, we might be expecting the law of diminishing returns to set in.
Once the plot kicks in, things chug along nicely, though action scenes are blighted by shaky camera syndrome.
The biggest, the boldest and the most ambitious movie yet to come from Marvel Studios.
The film's tone and themes feel a tiny bit darker and a lot more grown-up than usual, but the reaction it provokes is still one of giddy, childlike joy.
If Captain America: Civil War is the true herald of Marvel's Phrase Three and its carefully planned future; maybe it doesn't actually feel so bad that we'll be getting these movies every year until the Earth collapses in on itself.
The characters are multi-layered, crammed full of old allegiances and grudges and irritations. They have personalities. Remember those?
There are still imperfections to be found in this Marvel offering, but when the highs are this good, it's hard not to temporarily give in to our new insect overlords.
Packed to bursting with the one ingredient 'Batman v Superman' lacked: joy.
The pitch is simple enough - liberalism or totalitarianism, heroes or vigilantes - and there's more than a whiff of American imperialism on both sides of the coin.
Puts a certain other superhero vs superhero movie to shame.
Calling this 'the best Marvel movie' is equivalent to proclaiming 'this is the best Dorito I've ever tasted.'
This is the cinematic superhero showdown you've dreamt of since childhood, precisely because that's everything - and all - it wants to be.
It's a huge aspartame rush of a film: a giant irresistible snack, not nutritious, but very tasty.
This movie is so toothless that you'll probably pay for your ticket in a paper cup on the side of the road... it's so concerned with keeping everything in line for future movies that it ultimately takes no risks...
In the best Comic Book film since The Dark Knight, the Russo Brothers along with Captain America and Iron Man completely knock it out of the park.
[T]he best Marvel yet, with the greatest superhero action on film. It's immense, marvelous action-packed fun... [T]he single greatest pure superhero movie ever made.
The Russos deftly craft compelling blockbuster entertainment out of moral and emotional conflicts.
While slightly overlong, this movie is bright, creative, insightful, affecting and, above all else, fun.
Tear away the powers, abilities and egos, though, and the third Captain America movie is at its core a deep exploration of friendship and family and what sacrifices should be made to hold onto both.
Civil War isn't great despite being the third Captain America and thirteenth overall Marvel movie - it's great because of those things.
Directors Anthony and Joe Russo continue to mine their experience with TV comedies, juggling all the members of their superhero family with a playful touch that both informs character interaction and delivers vital breathing room in between battles.
If there's a risk of the Marvel 'formula' becoming stale, there isn't any evidence of that here. Civil War isn't just a damn-near-perfect popcorn crowd-pleaser; it doesn't offer any easy answers for its combatants, or the world going forward.
Featuring what's arguably the best ever screen depiction of Spider-Man as well as a cool new hero in Black Panther, Captain America: Civil War can't quite recapture the emotional and cerebral strengths of its predecessor.
A gargantuan entertainment that finds room for a little emotional resonance underneath the sterling spectacle, "Captain America: Civil War" is a well-paced, thoroughly satisfying, completely overstuffed action-thriller.
'Captain America: Civil War' Is Great Fun, Even As It Alternates Between Shameless Fan Service Bits And Subversive Narrative Choices.
Matching its blockbuster scale and spectacle with the smarts of a great, grown-up thriller, Captain America: Civil War is Marvel Studios' finest film yet.
Call it "civil war" or call it brand extension; call it a "cinematic universe" or a corporate behemoth - the latest Marvel extravaganza furthers the studio's cross-pollination of action franchises in a way that's sure to satisfy devotees.
The most mature and substantive picture to have yet emerged from the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Finally, a big budget superhero sequel that manages to be both effortlessly entertaining and utterly sobering, instead of just one of those things-or, as we've endured too frequently in the past, neither of them. (Looking at you, Batman v Superman.)
This is the best Marvel movie so far. This is not hyperbole. I have my doubts they can make anything better.
Bringing together tremendous character dynamics; bold structure; an emotional narrative; and spell-binding, fun action sequences, it's everything a blockbuster should be.
It is entertaining without being fluffy. It has consequence without being dire. It is the floor of a child's bedroom, covered in action figures who are perpetually in mid-conflict, whose limitations have yet to be discovered.

@highlight

Captain America: Civil War begins the next wave of Marvel movies with an action-packed superhero blockbuster boasting a decidedly non-cartoonish plot and the courage to explore thought-provoking themes.