... an impeccable performance from Greg Kinnear... [Full review in Spanish]
Kinnear is outstanding as Kearns, physically conveying the stubborn, scruffy sense of resolute ethics that drives him at the expense of almost everything else.
Kinnear inhabits the terrifically uncomfortable role of the rabbit staked out in a clearing to attract wolves.
... Its true story, filmed and acted with great skill, has an uncommon poignancy.
As in all films that make the questionable move of placing him front and center, Kinnear just blends in with the wallpaper.
Ethics is at the heart of this David and Goliath story based on fact; a powerful story with a resonant emotional punch, but the storytelling is long winded with an emphasis on detail for detail's sake
It's as if the filmmakers are too nervous about making a mistake, so consistently take the safe path, draining the movie of colour and leaving us sympathetic but uninspired.
If it doesn't rise to the level of It's a Wonderful Life, it's because Marc Abrams is no Frank Capra. And after all, this isn't about angels, it's about windshield wipers.
Nothing too special here.
There is depth, there is complexity, there is authenticity to this character.
Following a twelve-year patent dispute regarding the invention of the intermittent windshield-wiper motor, it's not as interesting as it sounds.
A thoughtful inquiry into the doubtful benefits of pursuing one's ideals 'to the end of the line,' as they say in Double Indemnity.
On its simplified terms of one man against the machine, the movie works, thanks almost entirely to Greg Kinnear's performance.
Seriously undermined by the skeletal script, which barely develops the characters and unintentionally raises more questions about Kearns's quixotic battle than it answers.
You may find yourself staring at your windshield wipers in fascination after you see "Flash of Genius," whichi s based on the real-life story of a "little guy" who went up against a corporation.
Too much technical information about circuit boards, Motorola transistors and U.S. patent laws eventually takes up more screen time than Kearns' sympathetic story, leaving the viewer restless and bored.
Kinnear is excellent...
As Ralph Nader learned, it's tough to make car-safety stimulating.
As filtered through screenwriter Philip Railsback's pen, Kearns' extraordinary life is rendered...well, ordinary.
Inventor fights for recognition in feel-good film.
Well constructed, albeit bland, story.
Greg Kinnear's performance drives an old fashioned and satisfying David vs. Goliath picture.
I wouldn't say that the new film Flash of Genius is terrible. It's actually not that bad. However, it could have been so much better.
Try imagining the pitch for Flash of Genius: "It's a true story about the guy who invents the intermittent windshield wiper blade."
Anyone familiar with other real-life David vs. Goliath stories like Erin Brockovich can guess how the story will turn out. But on the strength of Kinnear's performance, I would recommend this middle-of-the-road picture.
It's an amazing and touching true story that will have you on the edge of your seat and may even cause you to shed a tear or two.
For those who enjoy this sort of inspiring, true-life story and are able to sort through the good and the bad in its central character, Flash of Genius is a smart choice.
In the end, Flash of Genius abandons its most interesting story line - Kearns v. Kearns - for a reliance on formula.
While some scenes deliver, Flash of Genius suffers from an occasional lack of narrative tension.
The notion that a car part holds all the beauty and inspiration of a great piece of art is what makes Flash of Genius so watchable.
Did you like Tucker: The Man and His Dream? It's in the same boat but less stylish and with a bit more heart.
We might be talking about windshield wipers instead of industry pollution in Flash of Genius, but somehow justice seems more dear in this odd movie.
"Flash of Genius" isn't that good, but it's an enjoyable way to start the Oscar season.
We have seen this kind of tale before, and director Marc Abraham is unable to convince us that we want to see it again.
It will also make you realize that, no matter how noble, not everyone's life should be made into a movie.
However the makers of Flash of Genius faced a problem they couldn't quite solve: This is a story about windshield wipers.
Although it's competently made... Flash of Genius contains no spark of life at all.
The flaws of Flash of Genius are worth putting up with for Kinnear's committed performance...
The most gripping movie about engineering windshield wipers you will ever see. Take that any way you care to.
The big-screen version of inventor Robert Kearns' legal battles with Ford and Chrysler... is about as exciting as Kearns' Wikipedia entry.
It's a testament to Kinnear's charisma that we stick with Kearns through thick and thin.
The acting is fine. What's missing is drama.
As told by producer turned director Marc Abraham, [Bob]Kearns' story has just about as much drama as watching water wiped away on a windshield by his invention.
This is an inspirational melodrama derailed by the low stakes of the subject and the flaws of its hero.
The product is concept, not execution, and the delivery techniques bear standard Hollywood patents.
If all you want is to see a movie about a regular Joe triumphing over an evil corporation, that and only that is what you'll get.
The film stumbles at times... but it's essentially solid storytelling.
The film's sedate pace and ungainly structure... throw its biggest shortcoming into the spotlight. It lacks a clear villain.
If you spend the entire movie making sure I'm aware that someone is socially awkward, he shouldn't turn into Henry Drumond from Inherit t the Wind during the closing argument.
...It wants so desperately to be a Hollywood-style story of the little guy triumphing over the big guy that it races past much of the subtlety of Kearns' story...
...The movie seems to have been crafted on an assembly line that specializes in inspirational tales of ordinary Davids triumphing over merciless Goliaths.
If only the movie were more than intermittently interesting.
... a compelling courtroom drama - think Revenge of the Nerds crossed with To Kill a Mockingbird
...The problem with Flash of Genius isn't that the subject is dull but that the movie is.
Out of such plain materials as a windshield wiper, an inventor and a courtroom trial, Abraham has made one of the most original and memorable American movies of the year.
There's a fine line between standing up for yourself and selfishness, and Flash of Genius drives right over it.
A doggedly workmanlike variation of an old story: the lone crusader doing battle with the big bad establishment.
Gratifying reality-based David vs. Goliath story.
[Greg Kinnear] gives one of the most carefully modulated and moving performances of his career.
Sadly, first-time director Marc Abraham presents this story exactly the same as all the other biopics, all highlights.
A fairly satisfying story of an underdog taking on the corporations that anyone can get behind, although it rarely feels like something so cinematic you might feel the need to rush to see it in theaters.
It's as slow and lifeless a crowd pleaser as you'll see all year, a David-and-Goliath story that would have been a much stronger film if it realized that David has to be a little nuts to take on Goliath.
The film made me want to be a better person and shows you that life is sometimes about honor and not money.
The film's major drawback is its unintentional drone-like quality. It's poorly lit and the somber production design becomes a grind rather than looking like one.
just about everyone not named Trump or Gates will be rooting for this underdog to get what is rightfully his
The film never rises above its mundane subject matter, and it certainly doesn't do anything to distinguish itself from any other run-of-the-mill fact-based drama about One Man fighting against The System.
"Flash of Genius" is a film that is desperately in search of one--some burst of inspiration that would transform it from the paint-by-numbers inspirational saga that it is into something deeper and better.
The film rests easily on Kinnear's narrow but sturdy shoulders.
Is being proved right worth the cost to the man and his family? "Flash of Genius" answers this: yes and no.
a cut-and-dried underdog story
Director Mark Abraham gives the film a gritty authenticity, and he shows us the price Kearns and his family pay for his dedication and stubbornness.
There's definitely hope for an industry that can still make a movie as good as Flash of Genius about a subject as difficult as intellectual property rights.
A kamikaze flight of a movie that presents itself like a weighty Oscar contender. If there were a category for Best Unintentional Self-Parody, it would be a shoo-in.
It's the individual story, fleshed out by Philip Railsback's intelligent script, that makes the audience care.
Flash of Genius takes an uninteresting idea -- on the surface, at least -- and actually makes it even less interesting than it already would be.
I would have been much more enthusiastic about this film if it had emphasized the moral corruption of the American system of civil justice than just heaping all of the blame on Ford.
This movie doesn't really offer anything new, but the quiet, meditative execution was refreshing.
Flash of Genius has its corn, its conflation, its composite characters. But Kinnear does what he's done in the past: You underestimate the guy's acting chops, and suddenly, strikingly, he floors you.
A stand-up-and-cheer story that doesn't feel like it's pushing butts out of seats.
Flash Of Genius has all the pleasures of an underdog film and none of the guilt of being pandered, patronized, and fed a feel-good moral.
With minimal saccharine emotions and a reliance on low-key realism, Flash of Genius is a formulaic underdog tale carried out with decided intelligence.
Genius is appealing, and while the story is an odd one, it remains an intriguing observation of underhanded corporate business practices told through formulaic melodramatic trappings.
Kinnear takes the star spot in Flash of Genius and rides it to glory.
If timing is everything, there's no better time for Flash of Genius and its story of the Little Guy getting ripped off by Big Business.
This film rises slightly above convention thanks to Kinnear's strong performance as its not entirely likable hero.
Celebrates one man's arduous and lonely crusade against injustice; it's a story the honors his courage and zeal.
Flash of Genius tells this story in faithful and often moving detail.
Kinnear captures both the distracted-genius absentmindedness of a man inspired and the crumbling psyche of a man possessed. It's easily Kinnear's best performance in years, maybe ever.
Flash of Genius is a moving film - although definitely not a feel-good epic - that's well-paced, well-written, and superbly acted.
...thinks it's an inspirational, based-on-fact, little-man-beats-the-system drama, when in fact it is one of the more depressing pictures I've seen in quite some time.
Earnest but artless...not only exhibits no signs of genius but barely registers on the competence gauge.
An endearing underdog yarn.
The theoretically fascinating real-life story becomes just another product of the studio assembly line.
Despite an obsessiveness bordering on (and occasionally toppling over into) mania, Kearns just doesn't have the kind of larger-than-life personality we look for in our cinematic little-guy heroes.
Kinnear, a generally underappreciated actor, holds the picture together almost by force of will.
A stirring David and Goliath tale of steadfast perseverance and pride.
Kinnear allows his character's small bit of humanity and desperation over injustice to keep the man's head barely above the quicksand.
What little tension exists in Flash of Genius stems not from its ho-hum narrative, but from its attempts to fashion a heartwarming tale from a true-life story that, in many respects, wasn't all that heartwarming.
Flash of Genius could have been, and nearly is the right movie at the right time.
Abraham has done a good job at setting up his characters, but then he fails to develop them, putting his story on cruise control.
Too bad this real-life battle is framed as classic David-Goliath story for the socio-economic-scientific context and eccentric persona of Kearns (well played by Kinnear) and his invention are fascinating and could have been more dramatically absorbing.
Sentimental but remarkably compelling, the saga of a little man's victory over a corporate giant will ensure that you'll never see your windshield wipers the same way.
Dante's Inferno: Mulroney mesmerizes in this equal opportunity icon smasher. Just let it be said that I entered a dark wooden puppet movie and laughed till it hurt. Now there's a novel notion of pleasure as punishment.
Very small potatoes in the cinematic annals of inspiring little-guy-fights-the-system melodramas, to the point that it's a wonder it was thought to be strong bigscreen material.
Flash of Genius is a conventional crowdpleaser but not, I'm pleased to report, a shameless one.


@highlight

The touching underdog story of a single guy against a massive corporation, Flash of Genius is a well-paced and well-written tale with a standout performance by star Greg Kinnear.