Unlike a traditional Hollywood movie, Rescue Dawn follows the pacing and irony of real life. It is far from predictable and far from formulaic.
The jungle has been very good to Werner Herzog.
Werner Herzog isn't interested in patriotism as product placement, like other directors might be. Though uncommonly somber, "Dawn" is still an engrossing prison-break film. It's not "The Great Escape." It's "The Sheer, Dumb Luck Escape."
Dumps traditional war movie bravado in favor of a subtler touch, and softens the blow of an unspeakable ordeal by shooting it amidst a series of jarringly beautiful and poetic canvases.
Bale's lack of ambiguity points to the biggest limitation of a film that makes the grade as an adventure yarn by ignoring the most disturbing implications of its story.
Not the typical Chuck Norris movie, but just as rancid in its own "edgy" pretentious manner.
Rescue Dawn may not feel much like a Herzog movie, but it's a gripping real-life thriller.
Rescue Dawn wouldn't be half the film it is if it were not for the stellar performances by Bale and Zahn.
At first glance, "Rescue Dawn" might seem like Herzog gone Hollywood, but it's still very much the man's work. Herzog has his cake and eats it too.
Complex and multi-faceted, Herzog has made a film with the skin of an action movie and the heart of a rhythmic, reflective poem
The most un-Herzog-like Werner Herzog film you're likely to see, this based-on-fact Vietnam War drama is very classy if rather standard stuff. But it is considerably enlivened by the always engaging presence of Christian Bale.
Emocionante como aventura e como exemplo da força do espírito humano, comprova o talento inquestionável de Herzog, um dos diretores contemporâneos mais importantes e surpreendentes.
What we miss is the real Herzogian touch that can translate tales of derringdo into something more than mere adventure and stir the soul as well as the heart and mind.
An effective, unassuming and old-fashioned action adventure which is - perhaps a little faute de mieux - probably the best film of the week.
The only problem with director Werner Herzog's well-paced film is that it seems to have little point beyond admiring Dengler's tenacity.
The performances are worryingly Method. Bale eats bowls of maggots. I had to look away when he tucked into a live snake.
While you have to admire Bale's dedication - he looks like a human skeleton - the film slows to a crawl in the middle as Dengler attempts to survive life in prison. Proceedings may pick up in the last half hour, but getting there proves to be an endurance
Overlong and structurally compromised, this powerful, precision-tooled film expertly illustrates just how (altogether now): fear can keep you prisoner but hope can set you free.
Ray Mears has nothing on Werner Herzog. A rough guide to survival in the cruel, cruel world, with a captivating central performance from Christian Bale. Gripping, emotional and, oddly, gloriously optimistic.
A quirky first half of torture, starvation and, um, stinky farts gives way to crazed jungle fever as Dengler leads a great escape into the heart of darkness.
Herzog tells the story with a minimum of directorial flourish, relying instead on Bale's extraordinary ability to remain concentrated.
For fans of visceral, lean and taut cinema, this is an object lesson in power and economy.
Herzog's planted rather too firmly in his discomfort zone, but Bale once again confirms himself as one of our most intense, committed and watchable actors.
Like taking a family holiday to the Dordogne: sure it looks good but haven't we been here before?
Rescue Dawn is one of those rare war action dramas that works on several levels, all of them valid and meaningful
Riveting wartime thriller, superbly directed by Werner Herzog and featuring yet another terrific performance by Christian Bale.
Even as this film is being proclaimed as Herzog's "most accessible" yet, there are still some serious layers of beauty and depth that go beyond most any film you'll see this year.
Herzog's POW movie doesn't have swagger. It has bravery, cunning, and triumph, tempered by reality.
The key is to not think about it as a Herzog film...and just as a really top-tier war drama.
This is the second movie that director Werner Herzog has made about a remarkable hero.
This gritty tale pulls no punches in its depiction of a brutal prison in Laos and the even worse conditions outside prison in the jungle.
... an escape movie with a distinctly European feel, which means it is more real and less about rah-rah American ingenuity in the face of impossible odds.
But just as exciting -- maybe even more so, for those who love the medium and, especially, the uplift of the great-escape genre -- Rescue Dawn is a triumphant Werner Herzog movie.
This works because of the cast inside the camp.
Christian Bale, the American psycho, makes for a wonderfully obsessed Herzog protagonist.
Christian Bale embodies Dengler with raw physicality that few actors would dare embrace; you can literally watch him wasting away as the film progresses.
It's a good movie, maybe even a very good movie. But something is lacking.
Herzog builds this movie around another strong, eccentric performance from Bale, who is gaining a reputation for outsized talent and for downsized physicality.
...a memorable, if grueling, experience...
Christian Bale deserves Academy Award consideration.
An enthralling story that explores the human spirit in the most devastating of circumstances.
Without a semblance of Herzog's signature mysticism or an ounce of insightfulness, the film becomes an unremarkable retelling of a remarkable true-life story.
Rescue Dawn is not Herzog's best film but it's a solid example of his particular approach to film and the way he can tackle a genre and not be held captive by it.
While Herzog has hardly sold out, he has tamed his inner filmmaking demons long enough to make a respectable movie that won't ruffle any feathers during the summer film season.
Twisting truths to bestow sympathy and stature on dubious characters and crimes against humanity, Herzog spins historical fiction yet again in the service of imperialism. Tell me Werner, who funded this film, and expose its premeditated fabrications.
Rescue Dawn is subtle in its politics but still works powerfully well as both an incredible story of personal survival and an anti-war treatise.
Further proof that Christian Bale might be the best thespian around never nominated for an Oscar.
...a portrait of man in dire straits forced to dig deep into himself for the resources to survive and fight back.
Steve Zahn deserves an Oscar for this, so does Christian Bale.
Though this kind of film has been done dozens of times before, Herzog's desire for authenticity, along with his unusual approach to the underlying politics of the era, drive Rescue Dawn far above other battle scar epics.
Although the film delivers the expected action and efficiently jacks up the suspense, longtime devotees of the director will undoubtedly miss the visionary qualities that have long distinguished his work.
Politics aside, Herzog uses a realistic tone to depict a high-energy capture and escape.
Even if this story weren't true, it would still be riveting. Herzog has found inspiration in the wilds of the jungle once again.
It would be interesting to pair this well-reviewed 'art' film with 'Make Them Die Slowly' or another of the usually reviled Italian jungle-atrocity movies that covered similar ground, literally (dense tropical forest) and incidentally.
From a director known for his obsession with obsessions, it's an unfortunate smoothing out.
It's easy to understand why Herzog was driven to tell this story twice.
Takes what could have been a mundane if well-made war story into something greater -- more harrowing, more hungry and more human.
The performances here are as excellent as they are unnerving.
[A] lean, mean surviving machine of a film.
Herzog outdoes himself with Rescue Dawn, making his most popularly accessible film yet and proving at the same time that he is among the most daring of all filmmakers.
Naturalistic..the dialogue was very unforced, [and it contains] spectacular performances.
... a pretty good movie that could be received on the level of pure entertainment. It is no less Hollywoodized than The Great Escape or Stalag 17.
certainly effective in its own way, thanks to a number of excellent performances, a few jolting visuals and Herzog's evocation of the steamy, almost impenetrable jungles of Laos and Thailand...
Herzog proves that realism can be more thrilling than most cinematic gimmicks.
... everything about Rescue Dawn feels real ...
Rescue Dawn has been compared to Vietnam-era POW movies, but as a classic study of men in captivity, surrounded by a gateless, natural prison, it's really more like Papillon.
Although the drama is taut and terrifically acted, it is pretty standard fare.
Rescue Dawn is one of the best movies out there -- war or otherwise.
Perhaps if [director Herzog] had tossed in a few Chevys that transform into robots, the studio would have given him the cash to make Rescue Dawn definitive, instead of generic, which is the best he manages here.
Herzog's familiarity with the material is an invaluable resource. His insight and vision lead to an experience that can't be matched by soundstages or computer graphics.
A compelling and compassionate portrait of a survivor.
That heart-stopping beginning tells us Herzog is again in top form, richly depicting the true story of the only American POW known to have escaped from Laotian captivity.
Rescue Dawn is stark, blessedly simple, and encrusted with a thickened level of primitive sophistication, celebrating the fight to survive with euphoric and evocative visual brush strokes.
There's a matter-of-fact quality to the horrors of Rescue Dawn and to Herzog's visualization of Dengler's half-starved hallucinations as he makes his escape. Herzog's point is that when everything is absurd, nothing is. War makes the surreal real.
Herzog shows all of this with a fresh, observant eye. While sadism is a staple of most POW movies, Herzog focuses on the punishing tedium and deprivation of confinement. And filming on location in Thailand gives the film a harshly sensual look.
If Rescue Dawn isn't about heroism, then it's about something deeper, more primitive: survival instinct.
Solid viewing, if not quite on par with Herzog's best.
... a solid, engrossing war/action film of the old school, built around a star performance by Christian Bale.
RESCUE DAWN, despite some flaws, is a damn near great movie.
If you're looking for a weekend movie that's heart-stoppingly suspenseful and inspiring, as well as brainy, funny, and strange, seek out Rescue Dawn.
That such a masterful depiction of American heroism and can-do spirit has been created by a German art film director known for considerably darker visions of obsession is an irony Herzog no doubt finds delicious.
Like much of Herzog's work, it's essentially apolitical, focusing on a man at war with his environment -- and no one plunges into the foliage like he does.
Watching Zahn and Bale at the top of their game will get audiences over any storytelling speed bumps in Rescue Dawn.
A film that works as a thrilling adventure as exciting and visceral as any put on the screen in recent memory and as an intimate character piece about an ordinary man whose extraordinary courage allows him to persevere against seemingly insurmountable odd
An odd but vivid and compelling mixture of big-movie showmanship and eccentric vision.
Herzog aims this genre effort at a broader audience than he usually gets, and he does so without losing his soul. It's a remarkably straightforward tale that allows the director to dwell on obsessions familiar to those who know his work.
Rescue Dawn avoids all the land mines inherent in most war movies. There's no hero worship; no noisy, confusing, special-effects-enhanced battle scene.
A story of true humanity and inspiration.
Herzog makes no attempt to pump this story up into a thrilling adventure. There is nothing thrilling about dysentery, starvation, insect bites and despair.
Those coming to Rescue Dawn cold will probably accept it as a straightforward, even predictable account of POW suffering, and they'll hang on Bale's muscular portrayal of a man who refuses to say die.
Intensely visceral and violent, it's not for the faint-hearted.
...the deep-seated look of absolute fear never leaves Zahn's red-ringed eyes.
Essentially a fictionalization of the documentary he made in 1997, the film seems like fertile ground for this unpredictable director. But his painstakingly plain dramatization of Dengler's experience ultimately rings hollow.
I like filmmakers as fiercely independent as this one, directors who refuse to paint easy portraits for their audiences and make them use their brains to decipher the pluses and minuses of what is going on.
Herzog's admiration for [Dengler] and his story is apparent.
Gives a sense of not only what it was like to be there but the brotherhood that comes from being holed up in close quarters, waiting for a search party that may never come.
Well-acted but rote and strictly by the book.
Its tone is reflective, not combative, and it operates on a lulling rhythm, so that the jungles become either mesmerizing or a narcotic, depending on your blood sugar.
Rescue Dawn's late-coming Vietnam war story -- [Werner] Herzog's first American drama -- is his best film since his great 1970s period.
This is the kind of film that rests on the director to keep up the pace and make what seems superhuman believable. Herzog passes muster with flying colors.
Rescue Dawn covers all the emotions you want a movie to... It's just a good, all around, well rounded movie.
A harrowing and inspiring tale of courage and endurance. It shows us the best in ourselves.
Once again back in his element, Herzog brings man's struggle against nature -- both outer and inner -- to the screen with an often enthralling immediacy.
Workmanlike and watchable, Rescue Dawn is nonetheless a disappointment in its depiction of a hero with plenty of scars but little depth or substance beyond an iron will.
In its study of an American pilot, surviving only because of his single-minded obsession with staying alive, Rescue Dawn is compelling and dramatic and emotional.
What a sweet collision is Rescue Dawn: the American psycho meets the German kook.
Aside from a riveting adventure story that Herzog tells in all of its terrifying, stripped-down simplicity, Rescue Dawn is a fascinating study of human particularity.
Bale's crazy dedication provides all the substance needed in this reality-based Vietnam era PoW movie, in which Werner Herzog turns a Teutonic eye to the Hollywood war film genre, coldly stripping it of sentimentality and hero iconography.
The whole last act is, to borrow a Martin Amis phrase, a losing war against cliché.
The individual portraits -- especially the intimate, often strange relationship that develops between Dieter and Duane -- are poignant and engrossing. If its subject matter is timely, its complications are ongoing.
Herzog never shies away from anything horrific or disgusting, but rather moves in closer with an unusual fearlessness.
...a finely crafted work that benefits from the vision and talent of Werner Herzog.
Although nothing beats seeing and hearing the real story, Herzog has done a fairly compelling job of blending staged action with docudrama authenticity.
The canniness of Bale's performance (which may be the best of his young but brilliant career) is that he plays Dengler as a fundamentally kind and simple yet rather ingenious man -- a cross between MacGyver and Candide.
Werner Herzog is finally unveiling the first American narrative feature of his long career. As any Herzog fan would expect, it's an odd and thrilling mixture, and I can't imagine a better Fourth of July present to his adopted country.
As prison-break movies go, Rescue ranks among the best.
As taut and exciting as many edge-of-your-seat Hollywood escape movies.
As conventionally framed and lit as it is, Rescue Dawn is the closest thing to a 'real' movie that Herzog has ever made.
A satisfying genre picture that challenges the viewer's expectations.
Lush visuals and a fascinating story ... but hardcore Herzog fans may not approve.
With its high level of verisimilitude, unhurried pace, and stretches of tension, Rescue Dawn represents a solid effort from Herzog that fans of the genre should actively seek out.
Realistic without being exploitative, Herzog tells one his best stories and one of the best survival epics ever.
Herzog trusts in the story without furnishing any embellishment, and the result packs a good punch all its own.
often great, and in all the ways that Herzog's cinema can be great
Herzog's rigorous, unvarnished approach carries considerable power, and it affords a showcase for another remarkable performance from Bale.
Problematic is Herzog's wildly romanticized view of his protagonist. No matter what tortures he faces, Dieter never has a moment of vulnerability. He's not a man, he's a superhero.
Extremely well-made Vietnam War-era POW escape adventure is both psychologically and politically bizarre.
Made up of moments that represent cinema at its best -- moments of pure sensation of the type that can't be expressed with the same degree of immediacy in any other art form.
A visually-stimulating real world take on "The Great Escape" that only suffers from a slower second act and a bit of silliness.
[Bale and Zahn lend] this more or less conventional POW escape film resounding emotional depth.
The film operates in a curious moral vacuum that undercuts its strengths, and makes one wonder just what Herzog was thinking when he was taking on this project.
[The ultimate] rescue scene is so desperate and painful, so joyous and true, that it exhausts the senses.
[Rescue Dawn] offers its own vision of deprivation but doesn't linger long enough, even mid-jungle, to leave us in the kind of directionless trance that was conjured by Aguirre and Every Man for Himself.
A small miracle -- a smart popcorn movie.
If you know the original, then you may receive this gripping and faithful dramatization as a kind of cinematic experiment in the relative merits of the spoken word vs. the illustrated.
Like his obsessed heroes, Werner Herzog continues to hear the call of the jungle.
Werner Herzog's sensational narrative version of the story he told in his acclaimed 1997 documentary "Little Dieter Needs To Fly," about former real-life Navy pilot Dieter Dengler," is a wartime escape movie to top all others.
Herzog delivers an inspiring apolitical look at what it is to be a soldier in time of war.
A potentially commercial audience-pleaser that retains all of the characteristic Herzog complexity and nuance, Rescue Dawn is an electrifying action adventure that clamps your nerves with jaws of steel.
This is a tough movie-going experience with a couple of bizarre twists at the end. It's also a film you won't soon forget.
The film, Rescue Dawn, is so good it makes you wish that [director Werner] Herzog had gone Hollywood earlier in his career.
Christian Bale's performance quality is inversely proportional to his weight. He's anorectic here.
A very accomplished film, and Bale continues to impress with his craft.
Dieter Dengler's jungle ordeal is bursting with the themes that have defined Herzog's career, and it's one hell of a story.
Rescue Dawn's baseline narrative is stirring but its offhand touches are what elevate it to near-greatness.
...much of the film's success is due primarily to Bale's captivating, flat-out astounding performance as the actor becomes Dieter to an almost ridiculous degree...
This is one of Herzog's most conventional (or least original) films but it's also more accessible than his great idiosyncratic films. If the story sounds familiar, it should: Herzog told the same saga in his 1997 docu Little Dieter Needs to Fly.
Expertly filmed and vividly well-acted, this true-life war thriller is remarkably understated and yet powerfully gripping and moving.
The audience receives no new insights into the horrors of war and no answers to its ever-present conundrum.
Exactly no more and no less than what it is.
[T]he most harrowingly realistic and unsentimentalized P.O.W. film I'd ever seen [...] Nobody will be surprised to learn that Herzog [...] refuses to let Dieter [Dengler's] story be opportunistically exploited for jingoistic propaganda.
A disappointingly by-the-numbers effort from a filmmaker of rare and true genius.
It's very exciting to have Herzog nearly back on form as a feature filmmaker after his string of doc successes.
Shows that good old fashioned American never-give-up-itude spirit. Except, you know -- from a German guy.
This polished, cleanly made pic still packs a wrenching emotional punch and, if backed by critics and auds, could earn more for Herzog than his last 10 features put together.








@highlight

Director Werner Herzog has once again made a compelling tale of man versus nature, and Christian Bale completely immerses himself in the role of fighter pilot (and prisoner of war) Dieter Dengler.