I can vouch that director David Frankel succeeds in wringing out every last tear from the audience.
Save some time; stay at home and think of your dead pets instead.
It's shaggy and scattered, but give Marley a biscuit for its realistic depiction of how powerful can be the bond between dogs and their "people."
If you like the Lassie films, or even Beethoven and Old Yeller, you'll probably find this one easy to like.
Although billed as a romantic comedy, this film is neither: it's a drama spanning about two decades in a marriage
I'm fairly sure that the book and the film shared a common goal -- to make its audience sit, stay, laugh, cry, then move on -- and at those modest aspirations, the movie succeeds.
It left me crying like a five year old...
Even dog skeptics might be surprised how deftly Marley & Me adapts newspaper columnist John Grogan's book...into the equivalent of a kid's movie for adults. [Blu-ray]
Sometimes, and especially on a crummy afternoon in the middle of March, it's nice to be able to switch off and settle down to enjoying the sight of middle-class families eating well and playing together in sprawling, bucolic gardens.
...the strength of the finale effectively elevates everything that preceded it...
Marley & Me is a film of moments and many of them are cute. For anyone who has ever had a dog or a close pet, there's bound to be some connection.
The conclusion transforms at least this part of the film from sappy romance to beautifully authentic meditation on life, death and a family's love for its long-time loyal dog.
soy deihnoyn ypodeigmatika kai perissotero ap' tis proigoymenes apopeires toy, pos mporei kaneis na royfiksei entelos ti freskada, tin energeia kai tin idia ti zoi, apo ena biblio poy kseheilizei apo dayta
Directed with admirable sensitivity and spot-on populist instincts...
It is a very positive film, so it won't appeal to cynics, but it should appeal to just about everyone else.
The idea that this screen dog is so cute and lovable that everything ripped, chewed, swallowed or destroyed can merely be replaced and ignored is more out of a Stephen King reality than the world as we know it.
In the cinema, all of us tough, cynical critics had tears welling in our eyes, swallowing hard; our lips, so often curled in a cheap sneer, were now trembling, because of the same desperately sad thought: "Owen Wilson used to be really good..."
There is something wildly odd about a film that measures human happiness with the whims of a dog.
There's much more to this than just the cute dog.
Evidently contrived and something of an ungainly hybrid, the film shares its canine protagonist's facility for wearing down your resistance.
My Dog Skip for people in mid-life crises, it's too talky and trouble-laden for tykes but will doubtless prove as critic-proof to dog-lovers and the stars' fans as it did in the US.
Belly laughs are few, a sharp script keeps you on your toes. However, Kathleen Turner as a Barbara Woodhouse-style dog trainer, leg-humped by Marley, is a sight you have to see.
A surprisingly moving portrait of family life over the course of 15 years, enlivened by strong, likeable performances.
Somehow, I fell in the end for this dog-gone sweet little movie.
Un pasatiempo divertido y sensible al mismo tiempo, liviano y nada pretencioso. Quien busque una comedia sólo para reír, que busque otra cosa; aquí también encontrará lágrimas.
By the time Marley & Me ends, dog owners, especially, will be quite moved while everyone else will feel inspired to adopt a dog like Marley as part of their own family.
An adaptation with wit, clarity and heart, and an above-the-line triumph of a different sort, because it so clearly represents an across-the-board uniformity of vision with no sacrifice of quality.
This dog flick knows exactly what it is, hitting all the right notes. The odd part is the obvious divide with Marley and John on one side, and Jennifer and the kids on the other.
It pulls the heartstrings 20 minutes longer than it should-- after it runs out of story--but it's a much needed feel-good film.
Just like the book, this movie has substance, humour and a huge heart.
It's a refreshing return to comedies that deal with something other than dating.
The deft touch with which it addresses spouses' and parents' professional and personal trade-offs proves this to be a more substantial and poignant picture than expected.
Well written and well acted, it brings both laughter and tears
It dips a little too deeply into unnecessary sentimentality and ends on a gimmicky note, but all of its faults don't detract from a whole that's deeply concerned with its characters.
Alternately sweet, sad and sentimental, Marley & Me represents cinema as dog's best friend.
Are you looking for a good holiday film that the whole family can see? Look no further than "Marley& Me".
Most viewers who love dogs will probably sob their hearts out while watching 'Marley & Me.' I know I did.
It's no huge deal, but it's nicely done, and it has its values right.
Given the jaunty promise of the early scenes, the drawn-out denouement is a mawkish disappointment.
Wilson may always appear a little too flaky to be bankable as a romantic lead, but set Aniston aside and this could be the purest love story he'll ever get.
It's an anemic comic-drama about a dull couple searching for happiness, and they happen to have a dog.
Wilson and Aniston's dramatic chops would have been better served by a film that did not need to interrupt their characters' story arcs every now and again for a broad bit about the rambunctious family canine.
[D]oesn't have to force any of its sentiment because all the emotional moments... spring from an honest assessment of how wonderful and upsetting and frustrating and surprising life can be.
No movie this year, maybe EVER in your entire life, has tried this hard to tug at your emotions and make you cry, cheer and laugh. Too bad Marley & Me is too long and has trouble with nuance
The dog -- or the many dogs who play Marley through the years -- also delivers some of the funniest scenes.
I think this movie works because of the relationship on screen between Owen Wilson and Jennifer Aniston.
Kids and adults will like it, but be forewarned -- it's not all laughs.
Not every book has a movie lurking in it.
Frankel turns the camera toward the canines as frequently as possible, but too often we're stuck with Wilson and Aniston's bland characters. You wonder if it might have been better to let sleeping dogs lie.
The movie is ultimately less about the pain of loss than about the way families often take shape around a pet.
Marley & Me allows its human as well as its canine characters flaws while delivering a nice message that dogs, like children and marriages, require commitment and work.
Though it requires three or four hankies to mop up the mess this sentimental tale leaves behind, the tears feel largely unearned.
David Frankel adapts John Grogan's sentimental bestseller with no artistic pretensions beyond alternately making you feel like your heart is caving in, then injecting you with a gigantic syringe of good cheer.
There are no bad dogs. But there are bad dog movies.
It's a film guaranteed to appeal to tender-hearted pet lovers. But the movie, which was largely filmed in Miami and Fort Lauderdale, turns out to be less about dogs than it is about one man's trajectory through adulthood.
When the story lags -- and it does more than a few times -- there is Alan Arkin as Grogan's crusty editor Arnie Klein to help things along.
The production manages, against heavy odds, to make its canine star an incorrigible bore. The problem is bad parenting.
It has some funny moments, a lot of tears and way too much dead time in between.
It's difficult to invest in John's suburban angst, questioning his choices while looking around at his huge home, pretty wife, healthy kids and cushy career.
Animal lovers will probably enjoy the movie, which has more appeal than the majority of its fellow Christmas Day cinematic arrivals.
Marley & Me turns out to be the best -- and truest -- film about humans and our animals to arrive onscreen in a dog's age.
Marley, of course, steals every scene he's in, which is most of them.
Doesn't consistently capture the book's personable tone.
I swear, my handkerchief was only out because I've been fighting a cold the past few days.
Director David Frankel gives the movie the aw-shucks feeling of a sitcom with a large sentimental streak.
Dog lovers will get swept up in the movie's emotion... Cat people... well, you might just want to sit this one out.
Utterly delightful, fact-based story of how a loving but unruly yellow Labrador brings joy and occasional tsuris to a young Florida couple and their offspring makes for perfect holiday entertainment. Families, dog lovers and even demanding breeds of filmg
Too cute to resist.
The last time I sobbed this hard at a movie was when I saw 'The Notebook' some years back.
Dump the annoying, opstreperous dog and you've got an entertaining movie about a young marriage with terrific performances by Wilson and Anniston.
The movie is filled with canned situations, sure, but there's heart in this tale, and strong performances by Wilson and Anniston that give the film unexpected weight at the end.
An obnoxiously cute and mawkish man-and-his-mutt story...[with] one of the longest animal death watches in cinematic history.
... [W]hen an animal is endangering your family, inadvertently or not, you either turn the dog into an outdoor pet or you "take a walk" with him and your 20-gauge.
As someone who has actually gone through the procedure depicted with a beloved pet, this reviewer didn't shed a single tear at the end.
A fun, cinematic Currier and Ives experience for the whole family that will leave you hugging on Dad and Grandma%u2014and eager to return home to hug on your own Marley or Rover or Rex.
Marley, the dog at the center of the sweet and winning Marley and Me is the furry chronometer by which the Grogan family gauges the progression and richness of their own lives.
This is about a marriage and family and all the ups and downs that entails -- and how a beloved pet can be an integral part.
What is it about dogs that can drive people over the edge?
Ostensibly a story about a mad, bad, dangerous-to-walk dog, Marley & Me has far more to say about the bonds that make up the modern American family.
It should come as no surprise that when you team Owen Wilson and Jennifer Aniston with a Labrador retriever, you get a bundle of blond fluff.
At the end of Marley & Me you don't leave the theater with a sense that anything much has been learned, only that a fixture in the Grogans' comfortable suburban lives has been removed.
if you do go and see this film, I would urge you to stop off at your local video store on the way home in order to rent "My Dog Skip" and see what a movie of this type looks like when it is done well.
I'm one of the least sensitive people I know and I wept like a fool.
There's cuteness aplenty and tender, unpretentious performances from Aniston, Alan Arkin as Grogan's boss and particularly Wilson.
While Marley is just as guilty of going for the Big Cry as your typical Debra Winger movie, the equal focus on both the adult subject matter and the dog make for a more enjoyable experience than, frankly, I was expecting it to be.
Despite its initial blandness it does evolve in something quite touching.
While the movie was fun and entertaining, don't believe the advertisements because the film may have one of the most emotional endings I have ever seen.
I honestly believe you'd have to have a heart of stone not to fall in love with Marley & Me.
Parental Content Review
David Frankel directs with a modesty and restraint that favors the people over the situations, and he really captures the chemistry of a family dog in the mix.
Its small moments of insight don't make up for the overall lack of drama or narrative, but they will evoke all the proper emotions out of an audience with tissues at the ready.
A maior surpresa oferecida por Marley & Eu reside na força dramática que o filme revela possuir em seu ato final.
90 minutes of mediocrity followed by 10 minutes of the most manipulative, mean-spirited pap ever put into a movie made for families
A comedy about a wild, rambunctious, and playful dog who is a spiritual teacher par excellence of how to live in the present moment.
If your idea of a PG family movie includes sexual references, an annoying dog and bad language, by all means go see Marley & Me.
Guaranteed to send everyone out of the theater with red eyes and wet cheeks. To its credit, Marley & Me achieves that with a maximum amount of class and a minimum amount of manipulation.
Marley & Me is a terrific film. You don't have to be a dog lover to be touched to tears, you only need to be human.
...any pet owner is bound to get choked up by the end.
Marley's misadventures play like a TV movie, never reaching the heights of such endearing canine-centered films as 2000's My Dog Skip.
You should bring lots of Kleenex with you. It might just come in handy.
I'm pretty sure Marley & Me is one of those movies that will affect moviegoers less because of its quality (the performances are excellent, but the filmmaking is just OK) than because of how it reminds them of their own lives.
Want to see a grown man cry? Take him to Marley & Me.
You can be a movie lover and you can be a dog lover, but there are times during Marley and Me when it's hard to be both.
Marley boasts animal magnetism.
I thought the first three-quarters of it about as engrossing as a Puppy Chow commercial, and the last quarter pretty depressing. But that's chiefly because it only made me think of my own dogs.
I said to Lady, "It's a labra-bore"/She said, "Scout, you overpraise."
If characters talking to dogs and dog reaction shots are some of your favorite things, add some stars to this review.
This is the season's most satisfying, heart-tugging surprise.
A dog movie that isn't a dog of a movie -- what a pleasant Christmas surprise.
A disarmingly enjoyable, wholehearted comic vision of the happy messiness of family life.
Marley & Me is everything you could want in a holiday movie -- family friendly, touching, funny. Plus, it's surprisingly intelligent and real. It may be the best family film of the year.
When Marley is not on the screen, Wilson and Aniston demonstrate why they are gifted comic actors. They have a relationship that's not too sitcomish, not too sentimental, mostly smart and realistic.
The movie never captures the crucial leap that made the book a hit. It's never Marley & Us.
Need a shortcut to manipulate an audience's emotions? Always go with the dog.
Relentlessly sentimental tearjerker succeeds solely on the charm of its stars on two and four legs.
The book, like the movie it inspired, is a sweet, surprisingly moving chronicle of a young couple's struggle to simultaneously build a family, advance their careers and maintain their sanity.
A convincing argument that having a loving spouse, a supportive family, a house with a white picket fence, and most of all a frisky pup, are the closest we get to Eden.
Hell is Marley & Me.
Marley & Me proves how lifeless Lady and the Tramp would have been if told from the p.o.v. of Jim Dear and Darling.
Pull back the intense tear-jerking and layers of sitcom filmmaking, and you're left with a movie with amazingly little in the way of dramatic nutrition or organic sentiment.
Despite having been labored over by sharp screenwriters Scott Frank and Don Roos, Marley & Me feels like She's Having a Baby with some Marmaduke cartoons grafted onto it.
The book has been known to make grown men weep. But seeing the movie, you can't help but feel had.
The nonthreatening adorableness of Jennifer Aniston and Owen Wilson is no match for the emotional range of Marley.
As flavoloress as the kitchen floor Marley can't resist chewing.
Just another innocuous character dramedy that might have been handled better if done independently.
Here, there's no great momentum, just a long, flat arc toward the inevitable.
After its breezy first act the film goes into a second act that's intended to be darker and more dramatic but doesn't convince on either count.
Seldom does a studio release feature so little drama -- and not much comedy either, other than when the dog clowns around.
Watching the stars try to out-cutesy the mutt is one for the puke bucket.
This perky, episodic film is as broad and obvious as it could be, but delivers on its own terms thanks to sparky chemistry between its sunny blond stars, Owen Wilson and Jennifer Aniston, and the unabashed emotion-milking of the final reel.
Never has the phrase 'you'll laugh, you'll cry' been more truthful. Families looking for an old fashioned, all-purpose, comedy with heart will flock to this offering that's best described as a canine Terms Of Endearment.
A dog rules a bland couple. Makes me glad I didn't read the book. Cured my puppy lust.
The ads suggest a cute and innocuous dog comedy, but the film is actually a poignant, well-acted portrait of a marriage as it changes over time.
a portrait of a marriage, a glimpse of a writer struggling to discover his strengths but above all, it is a touching story about the profound love between a man and his dog




@highlight

Pet owners should love it, but Marley and Me is only sporadically successful in wringing drama and laughs from its scenario.