This no-thrills character-driven drama is no Godfather, but Pacino has recognised and grabbed an opportunity to remind us just how great he can be when he bores into a character's inner life, then slowly, painstakingly reveals it back to us.
Director David Gordon Green overdoes the arty loneliness, just as Al Pacino over-cooks the lead role.
... [Al Pacino] gives one of his most inventive, interesting and detailed performances in ages.
The film is best when we just watch Pacino as a man consumed by old regrets.
There's almost a feel of experimentation to parts of Manglehorn, but as 85% of the movie is just a straightforward character drama, those bits don't really fit.
Gets a sentimental grip on his flawed character.
Mostly, Pacino just mumbles drunkenly as Green's camera drifts woozily in and out of focus and post-rockers Explosions in the Sky tinkle on the soundtrack.
The poetic and the naturalistic clash together, and it doesn't look like it was done on purpose.
Even set against this chequered history, Manglehorn is an extremely odd picture.
Manglehorn is an intriguing film, or at least it should have been. David Gordon Green's latest is unfortunatel y passive, there might be depths to explore on a second or third watch, but I struggled to make it through the first.
Only the fine acting performances offer any pleasure.
Thanks to a performance of wintry ferocity and dark charisma from Pacino, Manglehorn remains a fascinating enigma.
You can tell Pacino is committed to the role because he hasn't washed his hair.
If the symbolism feels a bit too on the nose here, Green compensates by giving Pacino the space to create a recognisably flawed human being whose foibles he captures on screen with unsparing honesty, but also real tenderness.
Al is mesmerising, but he and Holly could have done so much more, had more been available.
It drifts at its own sweet pace, but eccentric, impressionistic editing muddies the water.
Its pleasures are low-key, for sure, but Green just packs the screen with interesting things.
There is a soulfulness to Pacino's performance, but this is a downbeat and dispiriting drama about broken families.
A slow-burning story of regret and redemption, this is film of moments; most fleeting, a few intriguing, one outstanding.
Holly Hunter goes toe-to-toe nicely with the superbly understated Al Pacino loner obsessed with a long-lost love - one of his most rewarding outings in a very long time.
There's a terrifying moment in Al Pacino's new movie.
Its depths hide a strange, satisfying meditation on regret, nostalgia and remorse.
Rather obvious and sentimental.
At least we get Pacino and Hunter. We may not understand why this story appealed to them, except for the fact that it gave them a chance to work together.
The slender character study...has moments of genuine poetry and tenderness [that are] ultimately undermined by a script...that makes its points in labored fashion.
Sure, there's an undeniable pleasure from watching Pacino and Hunter work the screen, but the syrupy, symbol-heavy script by first-time feature writer Paul Logan is weighed down further by cliches and false notes.
clearly develops an interesting character in Manglehorn, but never seems entirely sure what to do with him
If Manglehorn is to be remembered at all, it shall be for the excruciating first date that its title character goes on with a chirpy bank clerk he has long been chatting up.
This is definitely a lonely-man-talking-to-his-cat movie.
While Manglehorn eschews the traditional third-act redemption you've seen ad nauseam in films that neatly wrap things up right before the end credits roll, it's nevertheless refreshingly optimistic about people's ability to change.
Pacino delivers some of his subtlest work in years, trading in the hammy bluster that's characterized his post Scent of a Woman career for something more nuanced.
Pacino's performance best part of uneven drama.
... rich in quirky detail, yet ultimately too slight and episodic to generate much emotional investment.
In a strange way, it's almost a coming-of-age story of a man who is still learning about himself in his old age.
The movie manages to be arresting when Green just lets his star rip with actors playing characters who try to lift Manglehorn up or tear him down.
Pacino makes us feel his character's misery. We see it in his eyes, in his gloomy facial expression, in the way he stands and walks. And we want him to cheer up, for gosh sakes!
The movie finds some melancholy poetry in principal character Manglehorn's obsession with a long-lost love. But his decades-in-the-making redemption is too little, too late, for himself and the audience.
After spending so much time encouraging us to feel sorry for the guy ... there comes a point when Manglehorn leaves us feeling nothing for him.
I spent most of the movie admiring Pacino's discipline in the role instead of believing he was the character.
Pacino easily captures the character's longtime frustration, though it's Holly Hunter who supplies the story's heartbreak.
[Green] gives Pacino a lot to work with here, and at times it pays off in spades.
Beyond showcasing Pacino's enduring skills and exploiting our weakness for injured animals, Manglehorn doesn't seem to have a purpose.
Manglehorn is surprised by nothing, no matter how odd: this becalmed man lives fully in his head and Pacino plays him quietly, a magnificent loser.
An admirable but flawed film that's visually ambitious and that confronts difficult issues like isolation, romantic delusion and the terrible legacy of unchecked anger, not wholly successfully but with intermittent charm and no shortage of pathos.
...an exercise in anti-glam for the Hollywood icon, even if Pacino still delivers a few signature, hoo-hah flourishes here and there.
Manglehorn is modest in scope, but ambitious in execution.
Manglehorn serves as a sleepy delivery system for Pacino to let us know his best work may still be ahead of him.
There's a powerful austerity to Manglehorn the man's tale that Manglehorn the film itself - well-acted and touching though it often is - doesn't quite match.
A character study in the purest sense of the word. It's almost reductio ad absurdum about it.
In brief periods, Manglehorn is haunting, poetic, and it even ends in an oddly uplifting fashion. But these moments are too seldom.
Every shot of Manglehorn's grizzled face is weighted with unearned gravitas, the kind that comes with designing a film around an actor instead of a character or a narrative.
I found this all rather thrilling to watch even when it wasn't going anywhere.
In the hands of Mr. Pacino, a story of self-realization has a bit more groove in its step than it usually does (and shades of darker moods).
The quirky visual poetry eventually proceeds to work its magic, paving the way for an unexpected final act that cracks open a long-shuttered door on the life of a man who was, in his own words, "losing hope in tomorrow."
At the center of it is Pacino, totally authentic among Green's amateur actors in this rough-around-the-edges world of beaten-up bars and restaurants with crappy plastic furniture. Now, someone give the man a more decent film.
The script would be sharper without subplots about returned love letters and the locksmith's glib son, yet the film is worth it for Pacino, especially in his scenes with a bank teller played by the great Holly Hunter.
Al Pacino fully arrives at old-coot-dom, ushered in by David Gordon Green in an apparent self-parody of his usual elegiacal visual style.
Virtually unbearably boring for its first hour, but suddenly turns into an emotional tour de force by the end.
David Gordon Green directs two very different kinds of movies, and I'm beginning to realize I don't much like either of them.
Pacino dials everything down, but at this stage of his career, it's hard to envision him as someone as plainly ordinary as Manglehorn. The star persona takes over even when the actor tries to suppress it.
Nearly the only good thing about this stultifying David Gordon Green piece [...] is the gritty, poetic title, promising a depth that never materializes.
As the film goes along ... it starts getting goofier, and not in a good way.
The tone and focus of David Gordon Green's "Manglehorn" careens around so much it's hard not to end up as irritable as its title character.
The mix of limpid naturalism and lyricism that has often distinguished David Gordon Green's indie films slides into sentimentality -- or worse yet, whimsy -- in Manglehorn.
A fragile, smaller-than-life portrait.
A dull, pretentious trifle from director David Gordon Green with Al Pacino in another of his late-career mishaps that does nothing to elevate his fading film status.
Al Pacino's pathetic is really, really pathetic. Even with a halfhearted drawl and in an uneventful story.
But while Pacino is, as ever, a compelling presence, David Gordon Green's latest is simultaneously overwrought and curiously slight.
David Gordon Green stages even fleeting tonal palate cleansers with a self-consciousness that parallels Al Pacino's acting.
Mangelhorn is too talky by half, especially when two or even three scenes are superimposed on one another, their soundtracks running simultaneously to create a largely incomprehensible wall of sound.
For a character study, David Gordon Green can hardly do better than Manglehorn. It's a rustic film that capitalizes on the tokens of the past in a style that's less nostalgic and more endearing.
A movie so listlessly written and constructed that it nearly redefines tedium.
Green demonstrates no control over his star, who dodders through the movie in a sleepy daze.
David Gordon Green's return to Texas is carried by its strong performances but let down by its awkward mix of experimental elements.
David Gordon Green is attracted to those who seem resigned to tired lives, but only as a symbol for why we must struggle against resignation.
"Manglehorn" feel like a bigger film than its logline suggests, but it is not the kind of big that sprawls. Instead it dives straight down to lower reaches of a complicated man, down to the darkest waters that can contain both monsters and magic.
Rich and compelling performances from his actors, in particular his leading man.
It is to David Gordon Green's credit that he manages to keep Manglehorn intriguing, even if the film never completely delivers.
The finest performance Pacino has delivered in years.
The thinnest work from David Gordon Green in years - and that's despite the pendulous presence of Al Pacino, who hangs around the film's middle as weightily as a beer gut.
The low-key, dialed-down acting that Green has elicited from the frequently hammy Pacino - on the heels of Nicolas Cage's sensitive turn in Green's Joe - establishes the filmmaker as the go-to sponsor for members of Overactors Anonymous.

@highlight

Manglehorn boasts a nicely understated performance from Al Pacino, but that isn't enough to compensate for a slight story and uneven script.