Superhero movies still currently pack quite the mainstream appeal punch, and in many ways, you can make a case that The Equalizer belongs on that list
Antoine Fuqua can't direct, and this is abundantly clear in the opening seconds of The Equalizer.
All said and done, Washington and Csokas are thoroughly convincing and if you're an action junkie, you'll surely get your money's worth.
[Denzel] Washington's biggest pleasure seems to come from converting his workplace into a Home Alone-style obstacle course for the baddies to endure.
All things being equal, Denzel Washington's new movie, The Equalizer, gets things done.
Unfortunately, Fuqua's film is tonally discordant, vacillating between gloriously ridiculous and mind-numbing; sometimes it's just plain dull.
This paint-by-numbers film, though powerful when you watch it, largely thanks to its lead actor, has no lasting emotional affect.
The movie's all about reading, especially with a critical eye, but when you take too close a look at its disparate parts, they neither add up nor have anything constructive to teach.
The perfect marriage of generic material and a huge star.
The Equalizer is the most recent movie after Salt and John Wick to suggest that only one American vigilante is the equal of a whole group of tattooed and ruthless Russians.
Noting the giant plot holes and laughing at the picture's overinflated self-importance become the closest thing it offers to entertainment. God, what a rotten movie this is.
Washington's had much worse pulp outings than this and here he's done a bang-up job.
A painfully straightforward and frequently predictable thriller whose primary redeeming feature is a leading man that deserves better.
There's nothing particularly terrible or poorly constructed about The Equalizer, but its presence in our current cultural landscape renders it innocuous.
The Equalizer is empty and merely efficient but it's enjoyable as hell with Washington in solid, focused Man On Fire form.
It's a total C movie, but to Fuqua's credit, it doesn't try to be anything other than that.
Woodward was slick and polished, not meek and timid. Denzel Washington is more like "Home Improvement Guy." They could have dropped the "Equalizer" thing, and called it "Taken 4: Milquetoast."
What it needed most desperately of all was a bit of originality to offset the multitude of action sequences suspended on a thread of a plot, for without that, it becomes nothing more than another forgettable action flick with very little to offer.
The familiar can be welcome when the practitioner is so good at what he does. And there are few actors more commanding than Washington when he's taking out bad guys.
There's a fairly high bottom level that these films of [Denzel] Washington being hard and violent can reach.. but this doesn't do much to rise above that minimum.
If it was in black and white with more smoking, act one could be a Jim Jarmusch film.
A thunderously over-scored Man on Fire Redux that leaves a bad taste in the mouth.
...Fuqua's most accomplished effort since 2001's Training Day.
It is in the seemingly undemanding action programmers where Washington truly proves the singular depths and scope of his talents and presence.
Fuqua and Washington overplay their hand. Revenge is a movie best served on the B side.
Washington, as always, holds the attention, finding in McCall a vulnerability that goes beyond the script's lip service.
Washington demonstrates the role-proof gift he has to connect sympathetically to the audience.
Note to mobsters: If you hope to eliminate an ex-agent whose very particular set of skills make Neeson seem as lethal as Cera, do not stage your assault in a big-box store where your target has access to barbed wire, blow torches and power drills.
Denzel's performance and the film's high-voltage action premise make it one to watch this fall season.
This film is tough, brutal and merciless, perhaps the most violent movie since The Passion of the Christ.
Denzel does not disappoint.
[A] zesty, committed action thriller.
Similar in quality to 'The Fugitive,' different from the original in a way that makes it stand alone as a singular experience, featuring a great performance by Washington.
Punctuated with moments of gory, hyper-stylized action but hollowed out of anything smart, meaningful, purposeful or original.
Washington's 60 and, apparently, it's the law: He must play a former CIA superagent who takes on Eastern European sex traffickers employing his very particular set of skills, in this case, along with an assortment of home and garden products.
Despite its formulaic structure and plot, Denzel Washington propels this crime drama, challenging Liam Neeson as the new aging action hero.
"The Equalizer" is the best Jason Statham movie that ever starred Denzel Washington.
Another violent 'lone vigilante' flick from the team that brought you Training Day.
It helps to have Denzel Washington delivering your one-liners and threats, but the real charm of The Equalizer is not that it is better than it should be, but that it is exactly how it should be.
(Denzel) Washington, a two-time Academy Award winner, is a good enough actor and carries enough gravitas to make us overlook or forgive most of the movie's less savory aspects.
The combat trained, hardware savvy beast, who deposes his enemies with cold, clinical efficiency, is a proxy for the film's no nonsense style.
The director, Antoine Fuqua, relies on small details, which anchor the vigilante-as-saint myth in at least a minimal degree of reality.
Washington undoubtedly has the game - he's mesmerising here, however much the movie slides out from under him - but the material has a long way to go to be his equal.
It's utter balderdash that could lose at least 30 minutes from its bloated running time, but I'd be lying if I didn't admit that the DIY violence struck a neanderthal nerve.
Little more than a paint-by-numbers action thriller, it's anyone's guess why the filmmakers have bothered to make a connection with the 1980s TV series of the same name.
"[Washington] projects the same kind of dignified gravitas whether he's playing Malcolm X or pulverising someone's skull with a Black & Decker drill."
Sharply directed, and bloody as hell, "The Equalizer" returns Washington to "Training Day" territory...
carefully designed to evoke cheers, not the troublesome pondering of the larger implications of one man making life-and-death decisions for the rest of us
The Equalizer is about as subtle as a nail gun shot to the temple ... But who wants subtlety when one can bask in the glory of Denzel Washington obliterating remorseless degenerates left and right?
Washington is the sell, no matter if this film is a retread from the fast-paced, high-octane action thriller genre .
Denzel's noble vigilante couldn't be a more absurd fantasy figure if he were clad in a comic-book superhero's cape and tights.
Fuqua builds slowly to his fight scenes, generating suspense and creating atmosphere, especially in the lengthy showdown in the home improvement store.
... barely more than a run of the mill action film, hardly worthy of the talent involved, and a story that certainly shouldn't have taken more than two hours to tell. Still, it's entertaining and emotionally rewarding.
Watching Washington do almost anything is good; watching him as a modern ronin, that makes the scariest groups of villains cower like helpless puppies is a sadistic joy.
If the pic went on any further, I think you might have seen the invincible Denzel taking on Putin's Russian army by himself and winning.
A cheerful gut-punch slice of vigilante porn, and such a mortifying waste of talent that audiences gradually sink into a slough of despair over the state of cinema art.
Most of it feels derivative, and not just to fans of the TV show.
The Equalizer is a slow-burn, B-movie hero origin story propped up by a great lead actor and some unique stylistic flourishes.
With intense character work and slick filmmaking, The Equalizer tells us everything we need to know without revealing too much.
Overlong at 131 minutes and frequently monotonous in its carnage, The Equalizer fails to deliver the basic thrills one would expect from a Denzel Washington action picture.
The Equalizer is more amusingly juiced-up than a charabanc full of drunken Elvis impersonators.
Fuqua infuses The Equalizer with a low-key energy and is in no hurry to rush into things.
When was the last time you saw a lone hero stride toward the climactic killing ground in slow motion? Yesterday? An hour ago?
It isn't often that we see a two-time Academy Award winner dragging a bad guy's face across broken glass, and maiming another with a nail gun. Denzel Washington goes there with gusto in The Equalizer, a bloody study in vigilante justice.
Why should Liam Neeson have all the fun? Denzel is fun as vigilante killing machine.
The action sequences are handled well, and Washington -- as always -- makes the film immensely watchable. (Complete Content Review for Parents Also Available)
Director Antoine Fuqua handles it all with jaded skill, and at inordinate length but the film's combination of silliness and extreme brutality is depressing.
Generic revenge porn that's redeemed by its star, Denzel Washington.
It gets sillier as it goes along, but it's never not entertaining.
There's a crude, appealing simplicity to such a single-minded action movie, but it's undone here by monotony.
I could have done without the barbed-wire noose and glass-shard fight on shattered mirrors. But I couldn't have done without Washington, who, like Liam Neeson, has reached a new cruising altitude as a leading man.
As good as Washington is in everything he does -- including this run-of-the-mill actioner -- one wishes the talented actor would retire the action hero outfit as well.
Best seen by hard line action fans, and best avoided by those who are not.
It is an empty vessel with such a simplistic premise for what turns out to be a sadistic bloodbath.
If The Equalizer is the hit it should be, it will give this veteran action star his very first movie franchise.
This sort of visual jazziness lends a moderate amount of interest to a film that, in dramatic terms, remains both leaden and absurd.
An effective thriller in a similar mould to Washington's films with the late Tony Scott.
While one grows tired of describing how Denzel Washington has made an ordinary film more than watchable, he's at it again here.
This is a kid's fantasy of how to be bigger and badder than anybody else. As for Washington, no doubt he now has his very own franchise.
This is a celebration of Denzel punching people and blowing stuff up. Everything else is gravy.
You'll ask, 'what was Denzel Washington thinking' more than once while watching the exploitative movie adaptation of The Equalizer
More and better Equalizers will be welcome, just to watch Denzel finding new ways of getting even.
It scrapes together two gripping, closely observed acts before lobotomizing itself for an over-the-top final third that tips the needle from "Pleasure" to "Pleasure, Guilty, Shame on You!"
The lunacy to which "The Equalizer" descends is especially disappointing because the movie starts out with some promise.
Solid revenge porn: the kind that lets you be a grown-up in the most childish way possible. That's not a criticism.
[He] equalizes so much that there's not enough screen to show you all of his equalizing. In his spare moments, he helps the employee softball team stomp their opponents, equalizing them with impeccable sportsmanship at the bottom of the eighth.
The star makes the film something like a guilty pleasure, but he and touches like the film-opening Mark Twain quotation form little more than a gilded cover wrapped around pure pulp.
Entertaining, and occasionally rousing within (its) limitations, but we're nagged by the idea that it could have been more substantial.
The movie is overly long, and certainly overly-violent in contrast to its sometimes preachy do-right earnestness, but it's worth a look.
The camera loves Denzel Washington. He is always a pleasure to watch. Unfortunately, this movie is not.
Marton Csokas' sadistic mobster, with his cold eyes and menacing sneer, is terrifically despicable.
Where there is injustice, there is Denzel Washington kicking injustice in the booty, and we are cheering him on!
Even if there aren't many surprises The Equalizer is one kick-ass film from start to finish.
By the time we see Washington walking towards the camera in slo-mo as a fireball erupts behind him, you almost feel bad for him. Where did that spark go?
An absurdly violent but humourless and surprisingly dull action thriller ...
Washington has the stellar charisma and mobility (unlike the portlier Woodward) to keep total disbelief from the door.
If audiences and star are so inclined, it's easy to see this premise and this character - a tough, taciturn gent burdened with regret and a very special skill set - going into Roman numerals.
If you skip it, you're missing one of the year's signal works of superior Hollywood craftsmanship.
This mini-genre has begun to feel more and more expendable.
Director Fuqua understands that the best special effect in the film is his gifted actors' ability to draw us in, scare us, and make us care.
Honestly, it is reminiscent of Bruce Banner becoming enraged and turning into The Hulk. Maybe the movie going public will be caught up in all the histrionics. I found it hilariously hokey.
The indomitable Denzel Washington brings the everyday grit and the no-nonsense sense of right that has become his signature to this full-blooded, bloody big-screen up-scaling of the TV series.
While this hyper-violent, but satisfying, action thriller won't result in another Best Actor Oscar for Washington, it's a heck of a fun explosive effort.
King Kong ain't got nothing on "The Equalizer."
One thing I can say about ["The Equalizer,"] it is always exciting and never boring.
This is the sort of movie where every other character, excepting McCall and Teddy, is basically an idiot, unable to make sense of what's going on around them, and making terrible decisions throughout.
Mr. Fuqua, while not the world's most subtle filmmaker, directs the action sequences with bluntness and clarity and effectively uses his star as an oasis of calm in a jumpy, nasty universe.
Fuqua's [direction] is somber, funereal, patient, as though this was Shakespeare. It's not. It's a trashy, grimy 'Death Wish' ripoff dressed in flashier clothes than it deserves.
The bad guys are very, very bad. Washington is very, very good. The women are there to be victimized. Retro, but entertaining.
A tense thriller that also has more on its mind than the familiar genre constraints it operates under.
Washington's usual irrepressible charm and intelligence are smothered.
Even when The Equalizer is in the worst throes of its style-over-substance mindlessness, you'll be hard-pressed to wipe the grin off your face.
Despite the problems, Washington's performance is compelling enough to hold the story together.
Fuqua's movie is just as dopey and creaky as the series.
We're given precious little story (or back story) from screenwriter Richard Wenk (The Expendables 2), but not much is needed for a tale this primal and an actor this watchable.
The whole movie turns into a slaughterhouse. The question isn't who wants it-box office action is assured-but who needs it?
[T]he buildup is superior to the payoff.
The film runs long, at 131 minutes, but Denzel Washington, as ever, is the essence of cool.
Drags on past the two-hour mark for what amounts to a basic revenge story.
Just having Washington in the title role elevates the film from a tired rerun - complete with (yawn) brutal Russian mobsters - to a rousing, crowd-pleasing take on a movie formula, like a forgettable pop song turned into a dizzying jazz solo.
for lovers of all things violent and vengeful, The Equalizer is a treat
[Fuqua] has not only seemingly lost his eye for arty action set pieces, he apparently can't draw characters in more than one dimension.
Delirious, dumb, but admittedly fun.
Revenge is simple. Revenge is universally relatable. Revenge shifts Blu-rays in Asia.
Though overstretched and a trifle ponderous, this is a solidly acceptable star vehicle with more than enough righteous vengeance for an evening of classy thrills.
Not since Rambo attempted to find peace in a Buddhist temple in Thailand in Rambo 3 has a man's efforts to forswear violence proved so abortive as in The Equalizer with Denzel Washington.
The Equalizer is a bit flat and by-the-numbers, but it's also good old-fashioned shoot-'em-up splatter fun.
All this should build up to a moderately engaging battle of wits, but Richard Wenk's script has little interest in wit and no capacity for psychology.
Seems to beg for a 'used' label, not primarily because it's based on an old TV show, but because it stubbornly embraces the tired tropes of every dumb action movie Hollywood's ever made.
Even drenched in blood and fake rain, this "Equalizer" leaves its star - and the audience - high and dry.
"The Equalizer" isn't above excess—there is a slow-motion walk away from one of screen history's most bombastic explosions, for instance—but it delivers upon all of its gritty, crowd-pleasing pursuits.
Smart, creative protagonists who are both handyman and commando are impossible to resist, so couple that with a desire to do real good in the world and Robert is a saint even before he's embodied in the flesh of Denzel Washington.
The Equalizer is hardly groundbreaking stuff compared to Fuqua and Washington's last collaboration, but it's a slick crowd-pleaser that provides the escapist entertainment of any good action flick.
The end result is a weird mishmash that is too corny to be a good vengeance drama and too serious to be a good popcorn flick.
A guilty-pleasure platform for Washington's slow-cooked, kick-butt heroism.
This one's strictly for those who enjoyed "Man on Fire," the other prominent kid-protection fable, slick and bloodthirsty, in the Washington oeuvre.
"The Equalizer" fulfills the first demand of a movie of this kind. It presents us with an evil so horrible so as to give us complete license to want to see it wiped off the face of the Earth.
Fuqua isn't the only one desperate to elevate the routine material; screenwriter David Wenk shoehorns in a needless subplot in which the hero mentors a young loser... and Washington grandstands his way through several heated soliloquys.
I'd argue that Fuqua is evolving into one of the most interesting and ambitious mainstream action film directors currently working.
Unfortunately, by the time the final act rolls around, there's little more left on Fuqua's mind than a grisly, hardware store-sponsored cops and robbers showdown, that would make even MacGyver wince.
On the whole, The Equalizer never finds any sense of confluence, but in parts it can be thrilling, even rapturously macabre.
Truly, you don't have to watch former secret agents relentlessly wipe out villains. But if you want to, you'd be hard-pressed to find anyone better than Washington for the task.
An unpleasant cartoon; another offering of gratuitous behavior from Fuqua, while Washington slowly but surely reduces his once peerless charisma to a B-movie punchline.
Fresh paint can't disguise the shaky structure underneath The Equalizer, a routine spy vigilante thriller.
Denzel, at the ripe age of 59, is still dependable as a man who gets the job done when the meanies run amok, and who still draws a crowd at theaters when he does so.
Superfluous characters litter the script like pushy extras. There's far too much milling around.
Though Robert's really never in trouble, the movie has a fair amount of suspense, with Fuqua allowing death to linger in the shadows.
The line separating the bad guys from the good is almost nonexistent.
One long and loathsome bore of a movie.
What other 59-year-old actor could play this guy?
Washington, now 60, continues to push himself to new areas and fine-tune his charisma. He remains one of Hollywood's most effortless and engaging actors.
The movie is what it is: Good guy vs. bad guy, let's see who wins.
The Equalizer is a serious action film led by Hollywood's best leading actor. Director Antoine Fuqua spends a significant amount of screen time delving into the psyche and character of a truly admirable protagonist.
Washington may be damn near timeless, but the same can't be said of films like this.
Denzel at his coolest...but almost too cool. And too much of a good (violent) thing
A smarter, more disciplined version of Man on Fire...fast and economic .. not flashy - but it's effective.
While affectionate in its conventionality, this film grows absurd and nonsensical, saved from being a complete disaster only by the engaging, charismatic Denzel Washington.
Initially intriguing but increasingly numbing and repetitive, an interesting character study gives way to a routine actioner.
The Equalizer is a stone-dumb movie, unwilling to allow Washington even a hint of uniqueness (apart from the usual silverware straightening and public book reading, shorthand clichés for "smart").
It's great if that's what you're into, but is this the best use our culture has for a talent like Denzel Washington?
The Equalizer is so intent on kicking off a series of movies - giving Washington the franchise anchor that, strangely, he has never had (unless I missed Malcolms XI-XIX) - that it's less an action thriller than a superhero origin story.
Yet another artifact of the long stagnation of Hollywood, which has been remaking the same movies over and over and over again for the past 30 years.
Derivative? Sure. But with Washington in the lead, it's also a heart-pumping, fist-pumping ride, a sort of Jason-Bourne-meets-Batman mashup that you can't help but root for.
"The Equalizer" grows tiresome and formulaic.
The parts for this vigilante flick may have come off the shelf but Fuqua has fashioned them into one of the slickest action flicks of the year.
A cold, cynical exercise in violence. One would think that an actor of Denzel Washington's stature would be above such things.
Fuqua expertly cranks up the tension, while conveniently overlooking any pesky moral issues that McCall's behaviour raises. It's about as subtle as a bulldozer.
Denzel is even better here than in his Oscar-winning collaboration with Antoine Fuqua for Training Day.
Better to think of it as a Denzel Washington movie, a so-so effort that would have been a lot slicker if his old cohort Tony Scott had been at the helm.
The pensive, brooding calm of an in-form Denzel Washington as the man who has to do what he does - because he can - alleviates this gritty thriller in which Washington plays the Russian mafia as if it were a deadly chess game
I don't believe "The Equalizer" will score Denzel another Oscar, but it's a terrific performance.
Denzel's McCall, with his easy-going style and likeable personality that can instantly explode into controlled fury, is what makes this movie so compelling.
As entertainment, The Equalizer rarely delivers: It's like a superhero origin story invested with half-assed gravitas.
The Equalizer remakes a 1980s TV drama. But it reclaims some of Hollywood's '80s attitude, in the process.
The Equalizer is smart, humorous at times, and riveting throughout all while giving the sensation that it could turn around and bash your face unexpectedly with a harsh sequence at any given moment.
For sheer balletic violence -- and a rousing, climactic High Noon-like face-off finale -- The Equalizer delivers on what Washington and Fuqua promise.
Entertaining but uninspired, The Equalizer proves if nothing else why Washington remains one of our better, if underused, movie stars.
It is an undeniable treat to see Denzel Washington beat down on bad guys [even in] a cliché-heavy screenplay like this.
... a dull film, and when you're making a giant action movie franchise about a former intelligence agent... dull seems like just about the worst thing it could be.
One of the best american actions films in years. Rock-solid action with a heart. Washington is cast to perfection.
Ponderously overlong and not even half as much fun as it should have been ...
The most exciting, violent and stylish film of its type in a very long while.
Fuqua shoots with style and precision, though some of the fight scenes are a little blurred, but in the end the Washington factor wins through.
A nicely measured start gives way to familiar, grisly action, but The Equalizer proves to be a superior breed of old man action movie.
Low expectations may permit you to enjoy this picture, especially if all you seek is to numb yourself at the movies. "The Equalizer" might be the most enjoyable bad movie I've seen in a long time.
The Equalizer's blue collar melodrama is rich with potential, but squandered on self-seriousness and slow-motion action techniques past their prime.
Willfully empty but wildly entertaining, "The Equalizer" stands out from its peers like a wolf among lapdogs, as Fuqua and Washington bring out the best in each other for the benefit of the audience.
Washington is a master at putting his own inimitable and stylish spin on even the most familiar situations.
Denzel Washington is in fine form, and the film shows off the very specific qualities that make him among our last true-blue movie stars.

@highlight

The Equalizer is more stylishly violent than meaningful, but with Antoine Fuqua behind the cameras and Denzel Washington dispensing justice, it delivers.