Smith is rather wasted...Perhaps if the actresses had exchanged roles, this pallid palette would have had more emotional color.
One wonders how much of their performances came from Dance's direction and how much came from the actresses themselves, but what counts is what is there on the screen, which is more than satisfactory.
Filled with wonderful music and magnificent, subtle acting. The story, however, goes nowhere at a glacial pace.
Maggie Smith and Judi Dench are a great duo, but the film isn't so great.
Remaining locked in Ursula and Janet's fantasies, Ladies in Lavender evades complexity with monomania.
Dance is so tentative and tasteful in his direction that he never draws out the underlying emotions beneath the polite exteriors.
There's something irresistibly admirable about Dance's decision to make a film based on a short story by a long-out-of-favor writer like William J. Locke.
...such a civilized and handsome film that we might be willing to forgive its lack of drama
It's a British period piece, full of the sylvan Cornish coast and countryside, vintage motorcars, steam threshers and sensibilities. Pity they left out a compelling plot.
A well-executed Masterpiece Theater leisurely-paced type of drama.
There is nothing like a Dame. Ladies in Lavender boasts two: Judi Dench and Maggie Smith. And they're enough to make this cinematic tea cozy eminently watchable.
Dench and Smith are the sort of performers that students of fine acting are pleased to watch in anything, even if it's sweet-but-unsatisfying, unremarkable stuff like this.
Dance sets up a charming premise and then slowly lets the air out of it over the course of 100 minutes, limping to a predictable and pat conclusion.
Watching seasoned British actresses Judi Dench and Maggie Smith work together ... is visual and verbal poetry in motion.
It's sweet, but ultimately, unfulfilling and hollow.
The movie recognizes that older women aren't exclusively cute, comical, feisty, eccentric or wise. They also can be petty, morose and sexual.
The film does have Dench and Smith, which counts for a lot. And watching the two of them is at least moderately entertaining.
The story slowly - way too slowly - descends into silly soap opera that robs the stars, especially Dench as a moony spinster, of their dignity.
Embalmed in a thick oil of expansive inoffensiveness.
A fascinating and involving chamber piece for two superb actresses.
A wistful little thing about regret, jealousy and love.
Brilliantly subtle performances of stunning skill and beauty. These women are anything but simple and their scope is as broad as the ocean outside their home.
Dance allows Dench to overact her lovestruck nervousness...By the time he stages a hay-baling montage, you'll have had enough of this close-but-no-cigar misfire.
True dames Dench and Smith shine in this directorial debut.
Under Dance's sure hand, and the even surer performances of Smith and Dench, who know that underplaying an emotion often increases its punch, the film is a small study in the dignity of letting go.
A funny, civilized little romantic drama in which Smith co-stars with the equally estimable Judi Dench.
As long as Dench or Smith is on the screen there's plenty to absorb one's interest.
Dance has had the great good fortune to cast two legendary British actresses, and thus Ladies in Lavender gets elevated to the rare-treat category.
Dench's performance is the main reason to see Ladies in Lavender.
The film has magnificent performances and cinematography to match; moreover, it is quiet and it is civilized, desirable qualities that are rarely available on the big screen.
Pastel-light but highly pleasurable.
Not even the skills of Dames Smith and Judi Dench can make this tea strong enough to swallow.
An unusually vivid star vehicle and a genuinely enriching experience.
The kind of Masterpiece Theater-type film that does its level best to bland us into a pleasant slumber.
Thanks to great Dames Dench and Smith, and the hushed, softly humorous performance by Bruhl, it's a consistently entertaining, often subtly lovely drama.
It takes work to make the two reigning 70-year-old Dames of stage and screen appear dull, and director Charles Dance proves depressingly capable of pulling off the trick.
A rigorous test of cineaste sitzfleisch: to savor the Dames' deep acting, you have to endure a story that goes nowhere. You must suffer for this art.
Not a great film, but the joy of watching Dench and Smith perform their charming duet for nearly two hours makes it worthwhile.
With a more compelling story, this could have been another one of those classic British dramas, instead, it's more like a movie to enjoy over an afternoon tea.
...undone by half-formed plots and pale characterizations.
This is a movie marked by major surprises: It's surprising that the first half is so perceptive, and equally surprising that the second part is so preposterous.
Dance's inability or reluctance to infuse his characters or the story with a charge mars its chances
The painfully pedestrian script by director Charles Dance takes you exactly where you think it will.
There are two royal reasons to see the film -- Dame Judi Dench and Dame Maggie Smith, both over 70 and still very much in their prime.
With the bell-jar atmosphere familiar to certain period pieces, it suggest we are not the only nation with tired, go-to genres.
What it says about loneliness and the lost opportunities of youth is worthy of our attention, even as films like this begin to seem musty and well-worn.
As compelling and original as this theme is, it's not enough to keep our attention, no matter how lovely the ladies in lavender are.
Just formula entertainment, classy but still trite.
Judy Dench and Maggie Smith coddle a young buck...but is it worth seeing? Hmm.
Impresses with its intricate and intimate portrait of kindness and yearning.
A film of graceful persuasion and quiet majesty.
Ladies in Lavender assembles those two great Dames, Judi Dench and Maggie Smith, and sends them off to play sisters sharing a cozy little cottage on the Cornwall coast. That is an inspiration. What they do there is a disappointment.
A sweet little character sketch that is low on drama but high on charm.
Weak tea served with stale biscuits.
The two thespian lovelies would enchant just reading the phone book.
A creeping Morning Glory of a film, slowly blossoming into its unkempt beauty.
Elegant, engrossing and exquisite - if you loved "Enchanted April," this is a must see!
Charles Dance turns directing into a form of taxidermy.
It's a conventional picture, but it feels so deeply alive that it's practically a novelty.
It's impeccably acted, handsomely produced and far too leisurely paced, with little in the way of narrative intrigue or genuine emotional tension.
Its appeal lies in the powerhouse performances delivered by Dench and Smith, who without fireworks or showboating reveal the vivid, complex inner lives of women who appear superficially dull and ordinary.
There's a marvelous mythic sensibility to this lovely film about last chances and elemental emotions...
The opening slow-motion shots of the two women frolicking on a sunny beach might cause trepidation.
Ultimately, Dance is unable to connect the many threads of his rather flimsy script, leading to an abrupt and somewhat unsatisfying conclusion.
For all the film's good intentions, it never comes to a dramatic boil.
A sweet and easy tale, certainly, but is it really the strongest use of a couple of grand Dames?
The Dames are at the top of their game, but
A pleasure from start to finish.
Ladies in Lavender offers the opportunity to watch two beloved dames of the British Empire rattle around a house in Cornwall.
Ladies in Lavender oscillates between scenes so relentlessly nice they make you want to scream and others -- particularly those depicting the crush Dench develops on her new housemate -- creepier than anything in The Amityville Horror.
Deeply felt and engagingly acted.
Smith is at her jauntiest, but it's Dench who catches you by surprise because she's rarely been given a character so emotionally vulnerable and delicately yearning.
Ladies in Lavender, carefully written and superbly directed by the actor Charles Dance, is a film of unusual elegance and artistry.
While they never look bored, Smith and Dench are clearly slumming, having played these roles in other costume pics.
At the very least, it's more sensitive than more Lucky Charmed productions of its kind like Waking Ned Devine and Calendar Girls
Luckily for the rather slight story, [Dance] has recruited two of the most effortlessly brilliant grande dames of British film, Judi Dench and Maggie Smith.
It is no more than a warm cup of tea on a chilly afternoon. The reward comes in seeing these two great actresses at work.
Full of delightful moments that throw into high relief the actors' craft.
... the real star is the music (Joshua Bell's maturing brilliance is a pleasure in every bar) with its power ... to wash away anger, intolerance and sooth unrequited love.
Phenomenally acted, exquisitely scored, and ultimately moving.
There is nothing like a couple of dames -- especially when the ladies in question happen to be the divine Dame Judi Dench and Dame Maggie Smith.









@highlight

A charming, if slight, period drama that quietly showcases fine performances by its two stars.