Those interested in an often-overlooked piece of history, and the resilience of the people who acted against it, will find The Promise to be engaging.
That awkward mix of romance and violence hobbles "The Promise," an otherwise well-intentioned attempt to dramatize the 1915 murder of over one million Armenians at the hands of the Ottoman Empire
The Promise is directed by Terry George, who also helmed Hotel Rwanda, and it's a solid effort.
The Armenian people deserve a better film bringing their horrific struggles into the spotlight, and maybe one will eventually come, but with that said the film isn't a complete disaster
Where the Muslim Turks and the Christian Armenians coexisted for centuries, drama, tragedy and also the film will flourish. [Full review in Spanish]
The first major representation of the Armenian genocide boasts solid acting but falls short of the mark by a hokey, old-fashioned romance.
...The Promise does not do more or any better than other contemporary films that dealt with such tragic events... [Full review in Spanish]
The plot has some underlying issues but the overall film works despite its flaws.
Terry George, who more than a dozen years ago brought us the emotionally searing Hotel Rwanda, hasn't lost his eye for an important story or his talent for telling it.
Terry George would have been wise to focus his attention on Bale's journalist, allowing his dogged account of the sad history of Armenia to raise our ire and serve as a rallying cry for exposing this long-hidden international injustice.
Shifting focus away from history to follow the exploits of these fictive characters has the effect of reducing the Armenian tragedy to background material for a less compelling, more conventional romantic drama.
... The Promise only lets down a story that deserves to be told in a far more engaging way.
Terry George ... proved with Hotel Rwanda that he can tackle the wrenching subject of genocide with thrilling cinematic results. A wonderful cast adds no-fail polish.
The Promise successfully presents Armenian history through romance.
There's value in The Promise for those who know nothing about the fate of the Armenians, but a movie such as this should have left one devastated and inconsolable.
We don't need a bright, fake romance to make us care about massacred civilians.
Such an awful chapter of history doesn't need to be packaged as a grand romance to evoke an emotional reaction.
Equal parts romantic period piece and pointed historical drama. It's also a film with emotional power to go with strong storytelling, sure to haunt the hearts and minds of those who watch it.
A couple of scenes depict the massacre directly, but there is an absence of the kind of detail that brings the scene to horrifying life.
The wonderfully charismatic central performance by Oscar Isaac grounds the action, bringing heart and even a little humour.
Ultimately, The Promise is more admirable than enjoyable, but perhaps that was the intent.
As one might expect, the horrors and the normalisation of same are deftly handled, even when the dialogue is overloaded with historical and political details.
The Promise is no Dr Zhivago. But it delivers handsomely.
It's a handsome film and George manages to keep the genocide in focus with shots of the Turks herding long lines of refugees across the desert expanses. But the full horror is kept at one remove.
In the current political climate in the United States, the film is important and its themes resonate a century after the events it portrays.
This drama aspires to be the perfect 'digest' to illustrate the public about the brutal Armenian genocide, serving it as a melodrama. [Full review in Spanish]
Hotel Rwanda's director delivers a film that is below his previous works. [Full review in Spanish]
The Promise feels a little diluted and perhaps a little too safe to deliver the necessary impact.
The fictional love triangle does overshadow the evil at times but, that said, I do know more about the genocide than I did and the film, which has some good performances, is extremely watchable.
The cast and production values keep you watching even as the plotting loses its grip.
With its sugary soft-focus, treacle-toned cinematography, over-masticated fake Turkish accents and cloying love triangle device, this is film that delivers more empty calories than historical sustenance.
Admittedly generic, but it covers an important topic respectfully.
For those with an acquired taste for epic romance films from yesteryear, The Promise should recall fond memories of a genre rarely seen in cinema today.
The Promise tells its story well, and should be commended for doing so.
The script here is more than problematic, uneasy with levity ("Absinthe makes the heart grow fonder," says Myers, telling a joke already centuries old in 1915). It's ready for mawkishness.
Considering its worthwhile subject matter, the film feels like a missed opportunity, preferring to offer sledgehammer examples of heroism and sacrifice - even suggested by the altruistic title - that feel more contrived than convincing.
The filmmakers take a rather soft approach to the story, setting out a romantic plotline with the genocide as a backdrop. So the resulting drama is somewhat uneven, but the events are so powerful that the film can't be ignored.
For all its noble intentions and the horrors it depicts, the film is undone by its staid, old-fashioned tone.
The sets look phoney. The relentlessly sun-dappled skies are naff. The "action" lacks momentum and Tom Hollander's eyeliner is mad.
A terrible event very few are taught about, absorbingly retold.
A Stunning Story and Remarkable Production
I doubt the film makers bothered consulting anyone Armenian or Turkish before finishing this very Hollywood take on a man-made disaster.
It does eventually hit its stride, but it doesn't quite find a way to make such an important story count cinematically.
Should appeal to lovers of period romance with a bit of stamina.
Doctor Zhivago it emphatically is not, but it still looks great. As history lessons go, at least this one is sumptuously presented.
A clichéd, unpersuasive romantic triangle.
A catastrophically earnest drama.
Terry George's historical epic The Promise may suffer from some self-consciously contrived romantic elements but its importance as a movie must not be under-estimated.
The characters seem one-dimensional, and Isaac and Le Bon betray a lack of chemistry. This not only decreases the impact of the romance, but risks trivialising what was a brutal and harrowing period by prioritising the personal dramatics.
How did a film so loaded with good intentions and talent on both sides of the camera go so badly off the rails?
A well-acted drama about the Armenian genocide and three salutary individuals caught in a love triangle.
The film catches the dreadful speed with which smashed windows give way to death camps, while individual scenes have a grim power.
Oscar Isaac's performance is a masterclass and carries the film through its soapier moments.
The film is absorbing enough to watch in its own TV mini-series-like way but it also feels strangely melodramatic. It doesn't help that the dialogue is often so arch.
No matter how luscious the cinematography by Javier Aguirresarobe, how evocative the score by Gabriel Yared or how stellar the cast list, the film simply fails to enlighten or invigorate.
A missed opportunity.
The first hour is so soapy you could wash your laundry in it, but it gets more affecting.
Having made Hotel Rwanda, George knows what he's doing here.
Undeniably effective, in its own blunt way, this deserves credit for shining light on a crime that's - unbelievably and controversially - still denied to this day.
The filmmakers put the viewers in the midst of chaos and despair, but at 132 minutes, "The Promise" is really just a movie in a long, drawn-out war with itself.
Its earnest solemnity is commendable but it loses focus, diluting the emotional impact of the harrowing massacre of 1.5 million Armenians.
A powerfully made and sweeping romantic drama that brings one history's most shameful and darkest moments to the screen.
Movies like Lawrence of Arabia and Reds had the ability to sweep viewers away with their passion and grandeur. The only sweeping to be found in this case will be by the theater employee tasked with removing spilled popcorn from the auditorium floor.
In the end, this is a subject deserving of a clearer focus and greater attention to detail. "The Promise" tries its best, but unfortunately misses the mark.
Its lofty ambitions and good intentions make it tempting to give The Promise a pass, but a story about genocide shouldn't be this forgettable.
As a gorgeous period piece, "The Promise" falls short.
"The Promise" is a stirring epic of a sordid time in world history. Its love triangle provides just the right amount of apolitical intrigue the movie demands.
A sprawling, '60s-style epic with just enough political intrigue to prop up the occasionally wobbly romantic triangle formed by Oscar Isaac, Charlotte Le Bon, and an uncharacteristically ill-fitting Christian Bale.
The film definitely has its moments, and at arm's length, The Promise will resonate. But overall, it feels like a missed opportunity, a good film that could have been much better.
You have to swallow some inadequacies to get the most out of The Promise. It is appealingly photographed and boasts some stunning location work, yet it's also saddled with the tone of a biblical epic, invisibly watermarked with the label important.
Because there's no time for these three to develop as impassioned characters, all this soap opera tedium does is devalue the real human catastrophe unspooling alongside it.
The Promise means well and perhaps it will open the eyes of a few uninformed audience members, but its lackluster love story will likely put off more people than it inspires.
The fact that The Promise still manages to hit moments of real dramatic weight throughout speaks to the tragedy of the material and the abilities of its leads.
Instead of a fiery romance, The Promise's love story manages only a low boil.
It's like writer/director Terry George (...) knew putting too much emphasis on the romance would be in bad taste, but the result is just tepid distraction.
It's engrossing, moving and appalling, carrying us with indelible stately sweep from the exotic elegance of upper-class Constantinople to the dusty horror of desert massacres.
In the end, the movie is not all that the Armenian diaspora might have hoped for, but earnest and moving despite its flaws - a "Promise" half kept, half broken.
There's so much more to explore here, but The Promise is a worthy step in the right direction.
It slows down remarkably whenever Isaac's married med student or Bale's crusading journalist start going ga-ga over an Armenian beauty played by Charlotte Le Bon.
Alas, there's never a moment of this romantic subplot that doesn't feel like a contrivance, a way to get audiences to eat their vegetables and learn about the Armenian genocide.
The Promise hits hard and never lets up.
As much as the film's humanist politics can be appreciated, you simply cannot ignore the clumsiness of its approach and its ham-fisted way of making its point.
...the story of Mikael, Chris, and Ana is a hook to bring people to the history and politics detailed in The Promise, giving them an emotional connection to events with which they may be entirely unfamiliar.
Flawed, but Doctor Zhivago-like depiction of Armenian Genocide from director of Hotel Rwanda with excellent Oscar Isaac, Charlotte le Bon and Christian Bale.
But a dull, meandering script is all it takes to turn the potentially resonant film into a slow, long-winded bore.
War movie tells important story but is flawed, meandering.
The film feels like it's doing nothing more than going through the motions, and it never engages the viewer as much as it should and probably could have. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Sexual Content, etc. - also Available)
The characters are all thinly-sketched stereotypes, but with Isaac and Bale around to provide ballast, at least there's some decent acting going on.
The Promise is drenched in production value and replete with ravishing shots of sunrises and sunsets, but it's in the scenes of fleeing, of battle, and of horrendous loss that the film is at its most effective.
Its fictional love triangle characters may add geographical scope, but the film is a Europudding which never articulates why the Turks wished to obliterate the Armenians in the first place.
Promises much. Delivers little. The predictable love triangle implodes big time.
Despite its flaws, it's important that it was made.
They don't make 'em like this anymore, even if The Promise can't compare to epic love stories of yore.
The Promise benefits from strong performances, but the lack of needed context regarding the Armenian genocide dampens its full historical relevance.
Director Terry George delivers a scalding dramatization of the Ottoman Empire's 1915 genocidal annihilation of its Armenian citizens, and then dulls it with a soapy, invented love triangle.
Noble intentions can't disguise their epic failure: The love story fails to ignite.
"The Promise" should have been priority viewing, but it's all over the place, taking on the Armenian Genocide, journalism ethics, foreign diplomacy and a host of other weighty topics.
As devastating as the historic events of the film are, the most powerful moments for today's audiences are the ones that evoke our current conflicts.
With seemingly all the right pieces, it's a disappointment that "The Promise" lacks the energy and originality needed to sustain itself.
Neither dreadful nor magnificent, it features some powerful performances in the service of what should be an undeniable truth.
Yes, The Promise veers into corny territory, and yes, it's derivative of better war romances - but it's a solid and sobering reminder of the atrocities of war, bolstered by strong performances from Isaac and Bale.
Although at times overwrought and overtly manipulative, the film as a whole is like a kick to the gut.
What The Promise lacks in subtlety and sophistication, it makes up for in the visceral potency of its imagery.
The Promise deserves credit for doing its part to bring this part of history to life, but it would be so much more powerful if the rest of the film wasn't lifeless.
It's a movie of two minds, and they never meet.
A well-executed and reasonably engrossing film.
The Promise falls so much in love with its own epic grandness that its dramatic heart gets lost among sweeping vistas and endless parades of violent confrontations, tearful reunions and tearful goodbyes.
Tries to integrate its formulaic melodramatics into the historical context, but does so in such a pedestrian fashion that they instead diminish the enormities of the barbarity against which they're set.
tired instead of touching
You can see what the movie is after here - Dr. Zhivago is an obvious model - but George lacks David Lean's command of the epic form, and his movie, while important, strains to match his ambitions.
The Promise is a sweeping historical drama with beautiful cinematography, horrific war scenes and great acting by all the lead characters.
The Promise may not be the greatest movie of its type since Hotel Rwanda, but purchasing a ticket to this solid if predictable movie is a sure way to thumb one's nose at deniers of the Armenian Genocide.
Attempting to make an atrocity palatable to a mainstream audience, "The Promise" delivers the history, but undercuts its impact.
The historical context renders the fictional story trivial, while the fictional story keeps the audience removed from the history. We end up with an unimportant movie about important events.
George follows the classic playbook of sweeping, ambitious historical epics. With superb old-style craftsmanship, he has us watching portentous moments unfold from the perspective of individuals whose fate concerns us.
Weighed down by the worthiness of its intentions, "The Promise" is a big, barren wartime romance that approaches the Armenian genocide with too much calculation and not nearly enough heat.
Even when showing atrocity up close, "The Promise" rarely makes us feel as if we're doing anything more than watching from a distance.
A classic war picture whose worthy message gets swallowed nearly whole by broad strokes storytelling and stock romantic melodrama.
George tries his best to give the film an epic sweep, but he substitutes quantity of plot threads for quality of story.
It's unfair to critique such an utterly sincere film that does contain some riveting action and acting and even might inspire some to learn more about this moment in history, but unfortunately, the story just doesn't live up to its grand ambitions.
What does a movie that can't even mount a competent horse chase-despite repeated attempts-have to say about the murder of 1.5 million people?
The movie's an epic, but the characters are human-scaled; their desperate actions are refreshingly un-aestheticized.
The Promise will not be denied as George powerfully dramatizes stunning acts of both savagery and decency.
The movie serves as a heartrending memorial to a people who persevered even in the face of some of the most inhumane actions in history.
...captures the desolation of the Armenians and the cold-blooded cruelty of the Muslim Turks, who massacred men, women, and children with impunity. Kudos to the producers for using art to reveal the Turkish cruelty for the entire world to see.
The Promise is an imperfect, but extremely compelling historical drama about the Armenian Genocide. Oscar Isaac delivers a powerful performance.
[A] competent but unremarkable historical epic.
This well-meaning epic about a rarely-dramatized tragedy -- the Armenian genocide coinciding with World War I -- operates from the same sweep-with-suds playbook that's turned many an important historical subject into facile timeline melodrama.
Clumsily wedges a romantic triangle into the gritty story of the Armenian genocide ... never really gives you much reason to care about the characters.
Unimaginable horrors apparently weren't enough for the makers of "The Promise"; they also felt compelled to throw in a love triangle, as though Michael Bay's "Pearl Harbor" was a movie worth ripping off.
War may be hell, but luckily, love still conquers all!
The Promise simply turns this historical tragedy into mere background noise for a flimsy romantic triangle.
Love triangle period pieces set against the backdrop of war all start out as "Doctor Zhivago," and wind up as "The English Patient" -- or worse.
A respectable enough treatment of a romantic triangle set against the horrors of Turkey's genocide of Armenians in 1915.
"Entertainment" oriented critics obviously were not entertained by this. If you are a thoughtful person trying to get a handle on the barbarism of the 20th century, this is a good place to start.
It's a brutal war film, but it returns over and over to its ultimately unsatisfying romantic plot.
Over nearly two hours, the opulence gives way to looted and burned homes and shops, fatal marches to the Syrian desert and a wrenching struggle to hold on to family and tradition.
This will not enjoy the critical support given to George's Hotel Rwanda; compared to that flawed but affecting picture, this one looks like it was stamped by a cookie cutter.
The Promise finds Oscar Isaac lending his soulful, heartthrob magnetism to material that fails to achieve the timeless, old-fashioned feel to which it aspires.
Didactic yet generic.
Stagnant, contrived, and oh so boring, The Promise is nothing but a perfectly good waste of Christian Bale and Oscar Isaac's towering abilities.
The film stays in nothing but good intentions. It's a pity, considering the talent involved in it. [Full review in Spanish]
The Promise isn't so much a film with a cohesive, engaging story but instead bullet points on the drawing board for a film that never moved past its origin.
Old-fashioned but shines a light on an important, too often ignored part of history.
When The Promise sags with cluttered, obvious tropes that have similarly downgraded countless war movies before it, it's a disappointment.
There's something to enjoy about its traditional brand of storytelling, devoid of any irony.
This fictional love story is an epic bore.
There's nothing wrong with old fashioned if done the right way, but 'The Promise' feels like the kind of film that's out of date.

@highlight

The Promise wastes an outstanding cast and powerful real-life story on a love triangle that frustratingly fails to engage.