Save some of those Kleenex for The Pursuit of Happyness.
The Pursuit of Happyness is a very Hollywood film, which could be good or bad depending on your point of view. It tries very hard to be profound and inspirational, but ultimately it's not up to the task.
Counterfeit emotion and submerged racism
Sap, sentiment, and hokey plot devices bog down an otherwise down to earth story.
Smith turns in a career-capping performance, and director Gabriele Muccino ingeniously turns the material inward, cautioning us all to be grateful for what we have, for we're closer to the edge than we think.
Will Smith is getting all the awards buzz, but it's his real-life son, Jaden, who transcends all expectations in Happyness.
Even the glossiest of surfaces can't extinguish the genuine emotions running beneath them here.
Few films so convincingly portray the titanic struggle that some people face day in and day out just to survive.
This is Will Smith's movie from start to finish and he carries it wonderfully.
[A] calculatedly emotional, sterilizingly cleancut drama.
Hokey title, but sometimes movie is good.
In an effort to make a crowd-pleasing film, the horrors that Gardner must have experienced on the streets feel glossed over by the Hollywood machine.
The American Dream as white, rich and all male.
Will Smith gives the performance of his career in a movie for which phrases like "heart-warming" and "life-affirming" were made.
Sem jamais tratar o papel como uma simples oportunidade de mostrar seu alcance dramático, Will Smith comove justamente por demonstrar o esforço de seu personagem para se conter em momentos de grande emoção.
The real story of Chris Gardner's life is indeed inspirational. The movie version wants to be inspirational as well, but never quite gets there.
You may come out rebuking yourself for your laziness or your choices or your fatalism or your fears, but you will come out glad you saw this movie.
We may wonder if happiness can be bought this way, and whether the film being sold to us isn't a slightly suspect package, but Smith, sublime and moving, sells it regardless.
Relentlessly grim but in a phony, Hollywood kinda way.
Bonding convincingly (as you might expect) with his own son on screen, Smith delivers his most compelling performance since Ali.
Deserves kudos for avoiding saccharine sentiment, but its relentless emphasis on money as the cure for all ills is depressing. They might as well have called it The Pursuit of Richyness.
Plays like an unravelling of the Eighties comedy hit Trading Places. Instead of a smart-Alec street hustler who turns the tables on his seemingly benign patrons, we have a smart saint who simply wants to join the club.
The film unspools like a souped-up vanity project.
It's not about happiness. It's about money. The film boasts of how many millions Gardner makes. Is he happy? You bet. It's like being forced to watch self-help videos, while Mr Motivator molests you.
One can detect almost the spirit of a public information film nagging the audience: look, people, the American Dream doesn't come for free.
The on-screen chemistry between father and son is a winning formula - lifting the film from just another tear-jerker into a heartfelt and compelling slice of cinema.
May have a slight TV movie vibe to it, but Gardner's story is so stirring and so incredible that it really doesn't matter.
The screenwriting 101 plot points tick off like clockwork, but Will Smith delivers a solid, likable performance that will likely result in an Oscar nomination.
...ideology aside, "The Pursuit of Happyness" works as a film that celebrates people who toil for a better life.
Arguably the most depressing inspirational movie of the year.
That Will Smith is capable of this great performance should not be surprising.
An old-fashioned Hollywood heartwarmer.
With a terrific central performance by Will Smith, this is a well made, sharply written and ultimately uplifting drama, but it really piles on the misery before you get there.
Smith hits all the right notes - understated, engaging, inspirational - even if his young son threatens to charm him off the screen.
In the end the film feels like an average made-for-TV movie, if there were a cable channel for the sensitive man.
Gardner's fight is everyman's fight... to remain true to his material objectives without sacrificing that which really matters to him-- his trusting little shadow.
Directed by talented young Gabriele Muccino, the film benefits from his outsider's observations, and he is far too smart a filmmaker to let schmaltz creep into the tone.
An admirably unsentimental biopic with an excellent central performance, but it doesn't impact as strongly as it could.
Smith's bottomless capacity for charm saves the movie from itself.
It's a good story that features a great cast, and while moviegoers will undoubtedly still show up in throngs during opening weekend, I can't help but feel that they'll be somewhat disappointed.
This is Smith as you've never seen him -- an unsure, struggling, frustrated guy trying to hold together his family and failing.
This is not a feel-good movie about overcoming all obstacles, but instead a frank discussion of how overwhelming those odds can be.
Like Gardner's desire to escape the confines of his economic station, there's a better movie struggling to escape the confines of a Hollywood movie machine that values story mechanics over genuine emotion.
An honest, intense look at the kind of day-to-day survival that too many Americans must contend with...This is absolutely one of my favorite movies of the year.
Given Hollywood's long resume, you have figure that Gardner's elusive pursuit isn't likely to end in unhappiness, however you spell it. The ending is as predictable as, well, Will Smith getting a job in the next Men in Black sequel.
As one bad thing is piled on another, it starts to feel like a test of Job proportions. This movie could drift over into melodrama were it not for the performance from Will Smith.
The picture is skilled enough to generate some genuine pathos to go along with the more calculated melodramatics.
Will Smith tones down Will Smith for this understated, touching performance.
One of those uplifting, overcoming-the-odds, miracle movies which seem to be released every year around Christmastime.
Smith carries the weight of the film rather well on his broad shoulders, with a soul-felt performance that makes you feel kicked in the gut every time another lousy thing happens to this nice, hard-working, devoted dad.
A string of annoyances that no doubt riddled the real life of Chris Gardner, but when put in a Hollywood film, feel quite set up like dominos that fall with cliché timing.
Of the many sad scenes in The Pursuit of Happyness, the saddest might be when Captain America is left behind.
Maybe this sounds like a Hallmark card you've read before, but sometimes even they can warm the cockles of your heart.
What seems like a departure for (Will) Smith actually fits comfortably with his heroic oeuvre.
When life hands you a script about a guy whom life hands lemons, make a bigger lemon.
Will Smith gives an excellent performance, his most Hanksian to date, in 'Pursuit of Happyness.'
As cynical as I am, I have to admit I was completely won over by Smith's sincere and deeply effective work as a guy who was knocked down again and again, but refused to stay on the canvas.
Who is that fellow running with that cumbersome gadget? Why, it's Will Smith, racing toward an Oscar nod in "The Pursuit of Happyness."
A by-the-numbers piece of Hollywood inspiration.
Will Smith has his best screen role ever and he runs with it. He's flat-out great.
The most emotionally rewarding father-son narrative experience at the movies since a certain 1997 triple Oscar winner.
Smith's performance is terrific, but it's in service of a clumsy, heavy-handed film that believes the ultimate measure of a man is how hard he chases what he desires - wealth, fame, Oscars.
Smith's charm, which he has used to great effect in everything from sitcoms to action movies, matures here onscreen. He's suddenly the new Tom Hanks...
The Pursuit of Happyness is a feel-good film with plot conveniences that stack needless burdens on the main character, but it takes great care to show how difficult it can be to pull oneself up.
I really liked this film. But don't forget to bring the hankies.
[Smith] gives one of his most subdued performances, gracefully balancing Gardner's driving ambition with his hard-luck reality.
Do we really want to see Will Smith suffer for over an hour and a half? Not really
Makes Working Girl look like a whiny brat. It's a jiggy Secret of My Success. It's like the best very special episode of Fresh Prince of Bel Air. Somebody stop me.
Even the considerable charms of both Smith and the personable character he plays may not be enough to keep audiences from growing impatient to get to the good stuff.
Guitar-strumming hippie chicks, homeless nutcases, Chinese-speaking day care operators and non-Smith black folks -- bad; rich white stock brokers with box seats at 49ers games -- good.
perfectly respectable, if simplistic
... there's something so slick, so neat and tidy about the production ... that it clashes with the desperate anguish of the down-and-out main character.
Most of the press on The Pursuit of Happyness has focused on the surprising performance of young Jaden Smith. And yes, the kid is really that good.
Some people will see The Pursuit of Happyness as a glorification of capitalism, but the movie is much less about 'getting' than it is about 'not having.'
When these characters win their share of comfort and joy, they bring the audience bounties of wisdom and euphoria.
The film makes it seem as if the only obstacles Chris faces are a lack of a college education and the fellow poor who keep stealing his scanners.
The Pursuit of Happyness can't imagine anything worse than being poor. Except maybe being surrounded by poor people.
Ultimately, the real Chris Gardner emerges as an inspirational American success story -- and Will Smith emerges as a fine and nuanced actor.
Will Smith has the right quality for the role -- he's an easy man to root for -- but he augments this by channeling some inner quality of desperation and need.
This is one of the few American movies to deal with how people live and survive. It admires smart brokers but also feels for the many people down below, and we know that Chris will not claim his 'happyness' by becoming a cold fish in a glass office.
It's the picture's lifelike approach, from the immediacy of Italian director Gabriele Muccino's use of a handheld camera to screenwriter Steven Conrad's keen sense of the little things that make or break a day, that renders it truly moving.
Director Gabriele Muccino and producer-actor Smith have made a humble and affecting tribute to the struggles of the urban poor in America, while demonstrating, at least, one man's relentless pursuit of joy.
The best performances and greatest art direction in the world cannot cover this ill-begotten drama's hollow center.
A movie star who can slip easily into high-beam mode, Smith gives a restrained and nuanced turn.
The movie really turns on the central portrayal of a father's fierce commitment to his son, helped immeasurably by the obvious bond between Will and Jaden (who is off-the-charts adorable).
For anybody who ever has been at the bottom, or feared they were headed there, it's a reminder that there's no guarantee of luck or happiness in the Declaration of Independence -- just the right to pursue it.
Honest tears, honestly earned, is the credo and it's practiced here.
Smith may be the closest Hollywood has to a modern Cary Grant, an instantly likable actor comfortable in every role he attempts.
Like other institutions designed to separate you from your money, Hollywood grows a conscience every year at this time.
The movie is essentially a vehicle for Smith, but the actor more than rises to the challenge. Rarely has attaining the American Dream seemed so impossible or daunting or so intensely, profoundly satisfying.
There are worse ways to spend the holidays, and, at the least, it will likely make you appreciate your own circumstances.
As a portrait of noble striving, you could do a lot worse.
The whole thing works. This earnest, modest, sweet little ode to paternal love is meant to warm the cockles of our hearts in a season overrun with cockle-warming, and even a recalcitrant Scrooge may sniff back a few salty droplets.
For an expensive, mainstream Hollywood movie, The Pursuit of Happyness is crisscrossed with mixed motives.
The Pursuit of Happyness attempts to be a warm movie with a good message. But its message is substantially skewed and the resulting warmth factor is decidedly low.
The subject of The Pursuit of Happyness denies all the odds and refuses to quit, and this movie has the same fighting, American spirit.
Tthis is one of Smith's best performances. He's convincing as a man who may have been stripped of his dignity but who still believes in himself.
I left the movie thinking that a whole lot of folks in Gardner's situation can't do what he did. They can't break the cycle of poverty. They never get off the street. But this is the story of one man who made it, and Smith does him justice.
Pursuit of Happyness isn't just a balm intended to heal negative depictions of AWOL African-American fathers. The movie pays respect to all single parents striving to do the right thing with few resources.
Few on-screen father-son relationships have felt more authentic than that depicted by Will Smith and his real-life son in The Pursuit of Happyness.
Smith has never been less showy, or more effective, than he is here.
It's a fine film, with a portrait of fatherhood that feels scuffed and driven and real.
What The Pursuit of Happyness does better than most by-your-bootstraps films is to make us root for the protagonist as if he were our own flesh and blood.
This movie roused me, made me sit up straight in my theater seat, the rapturous applause the preview audience met it with at the conclusion for once a well-earned honor.
Will Smith's acting earnestness, coupled with the mental hell of maintaining a time-and-money chain that's essential to survival, provides unique inspiration for this inspired-by-a-true-story tale. It's certainly not the garish Hollywood gloss.
It's because Happyness gets these quiet, panicked moments of life on the margins so true that, when the expected climactic triumph comes, it's so affecting.
Smith's performance is definitely on par with Julia Roberts' in Erin Brockovich.
Chris Gardner is running against the odds. And his efforts embody certain modern American virtues like dogged determination and idealism and hope.
Seeing former cinema clowns like Robin Williams and Tom Hanks clutching sweet, sweet Oscar gold must have lit a fire under [Smith's] thespian aspirations...
This is Will Smith's triumph, and it's worth a look alone to see this tiresome actor in a role that requires a rare amount of patience from him.
As a rule, it's usually a good sign when Smith doesn't have a Top-40 hip-hop track featured prominently in the movie that more or less repeats the film's title over and over again.
Italian director Gabriele Muccino ("L'Ultimo bacio") resists the urge to wring sap out of this story and is adept translating this American Dream tale to the screen.
The character of Christ... er, I mean Chris Gardner gets beaten down so much - and has a complete absence of faults - that it's really unbelievable.
the movie aims to be inspirational, startling and poignant. It doesn't always succeed, although it's always watchable because of the sincerity in the Smiths' performances.
Will Smith saves the flailing film by being the only honest thing about it.
Scientists will someday discover this screenplay is so benign it could probably be used to battle tumors, just not the Oprah crowd that it's going to be ragingly sold to
every person in the audience can see some portion of the film and remember being faced with similar obstacles in their lives.
One of those one-man-show movies, practically a vanity project, but Smith continues to employ his charisma and natural ability to earn empathy well.
...an overlong yet sporadically compelling drama...
[Muccino] is quite skilled at hitting all the appropriate emotional peaks and valleys, though his hard logic leaves a bit to be desired.
There's nothing new here, just a whole lot of the old dependable. The difference is that the old dependable is above average.
Had we seen an intimate glimpse into the professional side of Gardner's journey, this likeable but unexceptional fable could have been so much more.
The role needs gravity, smarts, charm, humor and a soul that's not synthetic. Smith brings it. He's the real deal.
Thankfully, humor leavens the dark journey, and little Jaden and his jokes go a long way to warm our hearts.
Smith is resourceful in the role, though the story stretches one's credulity about his character's resourcefulness.
The Pursuit of Happyness goes beyond tugging at our heartstrings. It plucks them, strokes them, strums them, plays them for all they're worth. That's both the strength and the weakness of this inspirational drama.
Heartwarming at times, heartbreaking at others, you could do far worse this season than this touching tale.
Smith hasn't delivered this kind of earnest, emotionally raw performance since Ali, and his Chris Gardner is every bit as complex.
It's a solid vehicle for Smith, tailored to his personality and strengths as a star, and fueled by his utter conviction.
A fairy tale in realist drag, The Pursuit of Happyness is the kind of entertainment that goes down smoothly until it gets stuck in your craw.
The Pursuit of Happyness is the biography of a real guy named Christopher Gardner, whom Will Smith, charming and bright, embodies to the fingertips.
It's almost impossible to watch this movie and not, on some level beyond reason, succumb. The Pursuit of Happyness is an expert piece of calculation: a male weepie engineered for the whole family.
Sad, sappy and rarely believable, it's a tedious tearjerker.
[An] honorable but dogged effort.
Winter's coming in hard, but this season's leading cause of the sniffles is going to be The Pursuit of Happyness, a viral blast of the American Dream. It's Rocky with a briefcase.
If you've seen the schlocky trailer for The Pursuit of Happyness, you've seen a better version of the actual film.
A moving and heartfelt character-based drama with an unsentimental tone that makes the machinations of the plot all the more urgent and effective.
The most touching drama of this not-very-touching holiday movie season.
Smith is terrific and moving in this film. The film itself is more conventional. Yet it's better-crafted and less obviously ruthless in the pathos department than you'd expect.
This optimistic, rags-to-riches, father/son relationship story becomes a heartwarming, inspirational holiday fable.
Only a total Scrooge wouldn't feel good at the end of the movie, but The Pursuit of Happyness merely trudges through a lot of downs on its way to the big, rewarding finale.
It's more interested in the concrete details of Chris Gardner's life: finding a place to sleep, trying to stay upbeat, trying to keep his co-workers from finding out how close he is to living in a box. Which is why it's so powerful at the end.
[Smith's] brash, over-the-top persona practically dissolves.
How is it that movies 'inspired by a real story' often feel more fake than those fully embedded in the realm of fiction?
The Pursuit of Happyness -- as over-the-top as it seems conceptually -- actually deals out its heartstring cards subtly and never comes off as too cloying. It's the sort of feel-good film that doesn't make your teeth hurt.
Pursuit of Happyness is at its most resonant when the metaphorical stone Gardner strains to push up the mountain of his desires rolls back on him.
For a movie conceived and executed in the mainstream Hollywood idiom, it has uncommon depth and honesty. And the thing it's honest about is the embarrassment and humiliation of being poor.
While he doesn't stint on the warm 'n' fuzzies, Italian director Gabriele Muccino doesn't mind showing us what sleeping in a homeless shelter or, worse yet, in the men's room at a BART station, looks like.
A hard-pressed African-American single parent and his five-year old son struggle to survive and fulfill the American dream in San Francisco in 1981.
What ultimately keeps Happyness on track is Will Smith's perfectly pitched performance.
In his first English-language feature, Muccino plays it disappointingly safe, leaving creativity by the wayside and adopting a conservative by-the-numbers style. The result is terribly maudlin and predictable.
...well made and extremely well acted...but also a bit of an endurance test.
...the rare tear-jerker that earns every drop.
An emotionally manipulative but astoundingly powerful rags-to-riches tale that recalls Frank Capra at his most heart-rending.
If patience isn't a virtue you possess, pass on The Pursuit of Happyness.
A message that should bring tears to the eyes of The Man everywhere.
Makes you work for its climax if not its message.
By reducing the story of homelessness to only Chris Gardner's, The Pursuit of Happyness is saying that anybody can get out of the gutter by simply really, really wanting to do better.
At its core The Pursuit of Happyness is a good story -- one that's literally rags to riches, and didn't need the many tweaks and embellishments that Italian director Gabriele Muccino and writer Steven Conrad have added.
The movie, the first English-language film directed by Italian Gabriele Muccino, is too emotionally slick to work, too visually glib to have an impact.
You have to wonder why director Gabriele Muccino chose to dramatize the poor man's plight by having him run constantly through the streets of San Francisco. What ever became of quiet desperation?
The movie is an economic cliff-hanger.
The Pursuit of Happyness expectedly suffers from Muccino's overstated handling of the material.
Sings the blues with all the authority of Barry Manilow.
A conventional weepie made worthwhile by the rapport between Will Smith and his real-life son.
The actual story must have been more poignant than this version, which exhibits the attributes of middlebrow cinema, earnest, solemn, predictable, and inspirational, though Will Smith gives a valiant performance.
This Sisyphean movie succeeds in portraying '80s era San Francisco as a deceptively appealing city with a flaky underbelly inhabited by desperate hippies and homeless people.
... The Pursuit of Happyness winds up being a little like the determined salesman Mr. Gardner himself: easy to root for, certainly, but not that much fun to spend time with.
... this is a slick studio production with a huge movie star and top professionals occupying every production role so that the polish of this well-made film makes even homelessness look neat and tidy.
The Pursuit of Happyness speaks eloquently to the anxieties of our own time, when staying afloat, let alone movin' on up, has rarely been tougher.
This is the saddest Will Smith movie I've ever seen. But the worser it gets the more you know how it'll come out at the end.
A true story told in a deeply heartwarming style: there's never any doubt where this film is going.


@highlight

Will Smith's heartfelt performance elevates The Pursuit of Happyness above mere melodrama.