Nothing on earth would make me watch The Edge of Seventeen except a need to be depressed, the mood that results from being bored for an extended period of time.
I'm almost embarrassed to admit how much I related to this movie, as a man several years older than its central character.
The joy of this movie is how Craig breathes new life into a cinematically commonplace narrative.
Shows what I know cuz the movies actually pretty sweet.
I love this movie.
It's not exactly a caterpillar-to-butterfly tale. More like a grub to a beetle--a different kind of coming of age story, yet one that's oh so familiar as Nadine learns to appreciate the people right there at arm's reach.
Likely no one will be surprised at the trajectory of The Edge of Seventeen's plot and where it ends up, but it has heart, raw emotion, and fantastic performances
The Edge of Seventeen is compared to the work of John Hughes, because it's destined to be a classic teens will look to for solace.
One can only look forward to what the future brings us from Kelly Fremon Craig.
Poignant coming-of-age drama focusing on a young adult woman.
This one's for those who know teenagers, have teenagers, are teenagers or have ever been teenagers. You know. Everyone.
Hailee Steinfeld lifts this likeable offering from first-time writer-director Kelly Fremon Craig towards the higher slopes of the high-school, rite-of-passage genre pile.
Written by Kelly Fremon Craig-also making her feature film directorial debut-Seventeen has brilliant dialogue everyone clearly relishes.
Steinfeld herself is charismatic and brimming with energy, and delivers a performance that's much richer than the movie is or deserves.
Waking up to the struggles of others, especially those closest to us, can prove to be challenging, and it is this process - and the movement forward - that drives the film.
The Edge of Seventeen excels at embracing stereotypes and tropes-then immediately destroying them with funny and surprising writing.
Hailee Steinfeld is an incredible young actress with a keen ability to portray strength without denying vulnerability, and the other young actors here reach depths beyond mere friend, brother, and admirer.
Every decade has its cult teen movie. Thirty-two years ago, it was Sixteen Candles. For the '90s, it was Clueless. The early aughts had Mean Girls. Now we have The Edge of Seventeen.
Hailee Steinfeld's star continues to rise.
This first-rate teen comedy brilliantly captures the turbulence of adolescence thanks to writer-director Kelly Fremon Craig's smartly funny script and to Steinfeld's terrific lead performance.
A gloriously real story that feels as timeless as the great teen comedies of John Hughes, and as painful as My So-Called Life. It's the kind of movie that only comes around once every decade or so, but it's well worth the wait.
Fremon's film has some of the 80's teen aroma of its classic Say Anything (1989), which makes it an inescapable date for those who longed for a quality youthful comedy. [Full review in Spanish]
The Edge of Seventeen is a must-see for anyone who's slogged through the purgatories of high school. So...everyone?
I can't pretend to relate to the troubles of a teenage girl in today's society but The Edge of Seventeen comes across as realistic and authentic.
A superb, and riveting teen drama...
Nadine throws a great pity party and it's a credit to Craig's writing and Steinfeld's performance that her unlikeable moments only add to what is a comically complex portrait.
The Edge of Seventeen is brilliant, and it also ruined my day.
One of those rare teen movies that actually gets teens right.
Can hold its head very high in [the] company [of] ... Clueless, Mean Girls and Juno ... A total home run as a first feature for writer/director/producer Kelly Fremon Craig, it's consistently funny, moving and emotionally honest.
By the time it works through the usual checklist of adolescent antics... the film won't just have imparted life lessons to the characters, but to everyone in the audience as well.
The Edge of Seventeen, the feature debut from writer Kelly Fremon Craig, stands out above the countless other teenage movies from recent years by virtue of its honesty and realism.
It's definitely more fun than repeating Year 12.
Steinfeld begins her performance at fever pitch, then cranks it up. It's an astonishing high-wire act, one of the most sustained and perceptive and complete performances I've seen in years.
It ends on a cheerful note, free of sentimentality, which is true to the film's careful mixture of big laughs and meaningful drama.
Edge of Seventeen hits the pubescent nail soundly on the head with a sureness of touch that easily makes it one of the best and most honest films thus far about the turmoil, delights and utter confusion of the teenage years.
As far as coming-of-age stories go, The Edge of Seventeen's refreshing mix of authenticity and quirkiness will charm teenagers of all ages.
While The Edge Of Seventeen does deliver as a fresh, sharp and very funny comedy, there is also a serious side to its storytelling that gives the film a weight and a wisdom that so many entries in the genre never achieve.
It strives to be something greater than a simple coming-of-age flick, and succeeds...
[The Edge of Seventeen] skirts the line between quite-good and near-great.
It's a little winner.
The Edge of Seventeen went beyond the edge of glory and created a new standard for coming of age films about being a teenager in high school.
Every generation has a teen character that personifies the real and unreal of those horrible, wonderful years...For this generation (and many more to come), there is Nadine Franklin in The Edge of Seventeen.
Kelly Fremon Craig [has created] what is a true gem of a movie that has the hallmarks of a bonafide cult classic, which proves that she's truly a talent to watch out for.
There is a great deal to relish about this spirited and keenly observed coming-of-age story that plots out its protagonist's changing fortunes with a mix of sensitivity and alacrity.
Nadine is by turns endearing and infuriating, and while Edge of Seventeen ends a little too neatly, it's a lovely comedy that really captures the wild unpredictability and melodrama of the teenage state.
Hormonal strife is seldom this joyous, and the tremendous verbal sparring between Steinfeld and Harrelson brings a modern, post-ironic gloss to the rat-a-tat delivery of Golden Age Hollywood comedy.
Beautifully acted, sensitively written, and actually rather moving.
With her sharp wit and a verbal maturity which far exceeds her emotional age, Nadine feels like Juno written by an actual teen rather than an ironic hipster.
An unusually realistic teen movie, this drama gets deep under the skin of its characters, breathing new life into the genre.
A terrific teen comedy with the traditional feel of John Hughes's Sixteen Candles and Pretty in Pink.
Though the film isn't exactly deep, Steinfeld makes it watchable and there's amusing support from Woody Harrelson as her wry teacher.
The film doesn't present the edge of seventeen so much as its annoyingly grating surface.
A touching, honest and funny film, showing how miserable growing up can be and how, often, the only way of dealing with it is to shrug your shoulders, flip it the middle finger and walk off laughing.
While it is definitely geared more towards the social media generation, anyone with bittersweet memories of school life will laugh and wince in equal measure.
A really pleasant surprise of a film.
A teen comedy of warmth, wisdom, perspicacity and real emotional clout? Weren't these cancelled?
This pseudo-80s teen dramedy feels like the flip side of Ferris Bueller's Day Off, bursting with generosity and empathy for its forlorn drama queen.
Clueless, Ghost World, Sixteen Candles and The Diary of a Teenage Girl are all teen classics. And now you can add this outstanding debut to that list.
Craig brings a spiky wit and a warm-hearted, nerd-friendly finale to a comedy that wants for nothing but a little substance.
Edge Of Seventeen does a very fair job of portraying the anguished inner life of its needy adolescent protagonist.
The film offers an assured lead performance from Steinfeld, some humorous insights into adolescent angst and a curious lack of narrative urgency.
The Edge of Seventeen captures unadulterated self-loathing and its chaotic manifestations better than almost any film this year, rendering it the most compelling teen film this decade, if only by default.
Steinfeld's presence, and great writing, make this a movie in which most of us can see our own teen experiences relived.
he Edge of Seventeen is a good coming-of-age film but that's all it is.
[While] Kelly Fremon Craig's first feature updates some old plot points by wrapping them up in current references -- a text message precipitates Nadine's first scene crisis -- it tends to be pretty much what you expect.
I could spend many more hours with these people, who are warm, funny, lived-in personalities existing in a plausible sphere outside the contrived story mechanics of many similar movies.
Steinfeld smartly weighs the comedy of Nadine's hormonal disquiet against her potentially tragic need for affirmation, never more adroitly than in a shaded set piece involving an accidental sext.
The Edge of Seventeen may not revolutionise the sub-genre, but it's more articulate than most and harks back visually and thematically to the seriousness of John Hughes's The Breakfast Club, still the mother lode of disturbed teen movies.
Steinfeld is able to play Nadine at peak asshole, with huge sympathy.
A fresh and singular perspective.
Profoundly surprising the viewer every step of the way, all while following a tried, tested and triumphant formula.
Deals with all the usual teenage concerns - dating, family, school - in a way that tries to go beyond genre cliché, with a heroine who is often unlikeable but always believable.
The wisest and smartest teen comedy in years.
...an achingly funny portrayal of a high schooler in search of that rarest of jewels: a confident sense of self.
Painful accuracy and often hilarious insight... Steinfeld shows boldness and vulnerability.
Its approach is often amusing and even easy to relate to from time to time and the performances from the entire cast are comedically and emotionally rewarding, but the central character gets on your last nerve and nearly ruins a pleasurable experience.
That weird, messy puzzle of trauma and affection where our high school memories reside is what powers The Edge of Seventeen.
Craig may not always get the details right, but her larger vision -- alternately pitiless and forgiving of teenage foibles in the midst of adolescence -- is still bracing. And the performances she encourages from her actors help pick up the slack.
Thanks to its edgy sense of humor and achingly accurate poignancy, the flick will touch a nerve with anyone who has ever had to ride that tidal wave of teenage angst. By the way, that's everybody.
Craig and her actors, all of them wonderful, have freshened up the genre: As familiar as the basic story may be, it also hits some raw, nuanced notes.
The Edge of Seventeen is its own animal, powered by a perceptive and wryly funny take on things by Craig - who also makes her directing debut - and highlighted by the performance of a never-better Steinfeld.
This is a movie about a teen, first and foremost, rather than a "teen movie," and that's exactly what makes it feel like a peerless example for the genre.
It continually finds some added depth and shading to its familiar setup and it's hard to not appreciate a movie that's content to be a solid, unpretentious genre entry, especially for a first outing.
Captures the intensity and chaos and drama drama drama of this age ...
Writer-director Kelly Fremon Craig doesn't reinvent the wheel by any stretch, and that's a big part of the charm of "Seventeen."
The Edge of Seventeen is a confident and emotive film about a teenager trying desperately to be comfortable with herself and falling short at times, hitting life's regular snags.
One of the pleasures of Edge of Seventeen is it makes you nostalgic for high school yet so relieved it's over.
An immensely appealing teen comedy that speaks to us with immediacy and grace about adolescence.
Kelly Fremon Craig's characters aren't dumb, and neither is her movie; it's fast, and sly, and funny, and so keenly observed it hurts.
"Edge" is the operative word, as Craig grinds the genre's conventions to a razor sharpness that cut deep and give Steinfeld a platform to tap all her best instincts in fleshing out the most loveable narcissistic cynic since Larry David.
Woody Harrelson provides the humor, the teens provide the heart, and writer-director Kelly Fremon Craig provides one of the season's must-see movies.
Awkward "Seventeen" ultimately rights itself.
Hailee Steinfeld turns in a legitimate star-making performance as the lonely, awkward teen whose world genuinely explodes when her popular brother starts dating her best (read: only) friend.
Nadine (played with a morose, take-me-as-I-am flair by Hailee Steinfeld) tends to defy the likability thing. She's the edge of The Edge of Seventeen, self-centred and stubbornly insensitive to the needs of others.
This perceptive coming-of-age saga overcomes some familiar girl-power trappings about a disenfranchised loner by conveying a raw authenticity that's both refreshing and amusing.
The Edge of Seventeen captures the spirit of classic John Hughes comedies - at the same time, refining and innovating Hughes' storytelling approach.
...a forgettable teen drama that's rarely as compelling as its various performances...
The Edge of Seventeen cuts deep, humor and tears bursting forth in equal measure making the movie a singular joy audience of all ages are almost certain to delight in.
With an entertaining nod to 'Sixteen Candles', 'The Edge of Seventeen' edges easily into Hughes territory.
The edgy, funny and sometimes brutally honest "The Edge of Seventeen" is a film worth seeing. (Full Content Review for Parents - Sexual Content, Profanity, etc. - also Available)
The Edge of Seventeen immediately makes the high honor roll of high school comedy-drama.
Excellent acting in poignant, mature coming-of-age story.
The Edge of Seventeen is a coming-of-age story that feels fresh and timeless because it encapsulates an experience -- with its unattainable crushes and cool shoes and awkward silences -- that is timeless.
Writer-director Kelly Fremon Craig pitches the movie in a state of heightened panic, capturing the pain and frustration that engulfs Nadine after a revelation that only serves to enhance her already dominant sense that she's alone in the world.
The film is sincerely funny, but not without its bleaker tinges: The "edge" referenced in the title turns out to be a surprisingly sharp blade.
When you leave the theater, you feel as though you've finished a road trip through some of High School Film Land's best-loved attractions... But each stop is ever so slightly better than you remembered. Not another teen movie, indeed.
It's a snapshot of the kids of today, overlaid with the filter of a somewhat more grownup sensibility.
All but blows out "Sixteen Candles."
It's not perfect, and it's not a game-changer for the coming-of-age genre, but it lives in this genre so damn well that it doesn't really matter. It's not one of the bigger films of 2016, but it's definitely one of the better ones.
Steinfeld attacks the role with a sly ferocity and a fearless streak of self-deprecation - you either know a Nadine, or you are Nadine.
"Edge of Seventeen" is something special. To see it is to remember what it's like to be 17, and to be grateful you're not 17 anymore.
A delightful and honest teen comedy with a mature soul.
A teen comedy for the Facebook generation. It acknowledges all the new technology teens have at their disposal, but it's not all about social media.
Brilliantly written. Hailee Steinfeld babbles at 190 words per minute with gusts up to 220. She's amazing as is Woody Harrelson who's the recipient of most of the dialogue.
It'll have you laughing and crying, sometimes in the same scene, and never feels anything other than sincere and authentic.
The performances here are stellar.
Hailee Steinfeld became a child star to watch in True Grit, and delivers on that promise in The Edge of Seventeen, a coming-of-age movie that owes a debt to John Hughes films but establishes its own voice for the selfie-and-sexting generation.
Precisely observant and completely funny.
It can hold its own against "The Perks of Being a Wallflower," "Clueless" and other movies that have raised the bar on teenage movies.
It's a wonderful picture, alive and achingly human, with writer/director Craig absolutely nailing the pains of teendom, focusing on awkwardness, busting as many clichés as she can.
There's no judgment here, just acknowledging that being a teenager is tough -- and doing so with a grin.
Let The Edge of Seventeen remind you in a very real way that adolescence is painful and awkward but also universal in the sense that we all go through it. No one comes out unscathed.
Craig writes fresh, sharp dialogue, knows what she's doing around actors and is unafraid to get out on a ledge.
While teenage tropes are dutifully checked off - the love triangle, the makeover, the party gone wrong - there's originality to Nadine's lonely quest to find her place, only to ultimately learn she's not alone in being all alone.
I'm not so removed from my teenage years that I've forgotten the struggles and the anxiety that comes along with being a teenager... The Edge of Seventeen gave me that exact same feeling.
"The Edge of Seventeen" is the rare coming-of-age picture that feels less like a retread than a renewal. It's a disarmingly smart, funny and thoughtful piece of work, from end to beginning to end.
A clever and poignant character study whose navel-gazing scope belies some big truths, The Edge of Seventeen is one of my favorite films of 2016. And it's exactly the kind of movie I wish I'd had in my own Nadine years.
The Edge of Seventeen is charming, thoughtful, a little crazy, often funny and sometimes touching in a very real way. It makes you feel that the high school movie genre still has merit, even in Hollywood hands.
By not belittling the melancholies of adolescence, and staying away from the twee trappings of the genre, Kelly Fremon Craig's debut rings true with authenticity.
Surprisingly sharp and insightful and often very funny, but with a strong strain of serious drama in the mix.
You realize that the movie is not just a superior model of teen comedy; it may, in fact, be the equal of those beloved Eighties touchstones.
The Edge of Seventeen is one of the year's best movies.
"The Edge of Seventeen," in its R-rated way (booze and sex play supporting roles), is a sweetheart - just like Erwin.
With a smart, perceptive script from first-time director Kelly Fremon Craig and an arresting lead performance by Hailee Steinfeld, the film rises to the top of a crowded genre.
The entire movie is a trigger alert, a comedy where a girl sets her safe space on fire.
Steinfeld is outstanding. Good thing, too, because in lesser hands Nadine would be insufferable.
(Hailee) Steinfeld is the center of the movie, the core that pulls it together. She brings a relatable honesty to her performance that will resonate with audiences - peers and adults alike.
Snarky and sensitive in just the right measure, what initially looks like a glib exercise in adolescent mortification has the nerve to dig a little deeper. And it winds up mining a little bit of wisdom and compassion in the process.
The operative word on this one isn't really "seventeen" but "edge."
This is the first feature by writer-director Kelly Fremon Craig, and despite the conventional teenpic narrative, her protagonist is richly conceived.
The Edge of Seventeen is a dialogue delight, an enjoyably funny romp through the emotional and social minefields of high school adolescence.
Seventeen gets that being young can feel like The Hunger Games without the prizes; at least there's always hope - and graduation - on the other side.
Sigh all you want about genre fatigue, but I say the world can never have too many movies about mouthy teens.
In a genre that too often runs on formula, "The Edge of Seventeen" harkens back to the affecting films of John Hughes. And in a genre that too often focuses on boys, Craig insightfully shows us the same angst from a 21st-century girl's perspective.
The Edge of Seventeen is a delight, with Hailee Steinfeld serving as the radiant star at its center.
Featuring a fleet footed, witty performance from Hailee Steinfeld, who keeps Nadine sympathetic despite her bad behavior, "The Edge of Seventeen" is an entertaining reminder of how preconceived notions can cloud one's judgement.
It reclaims smart sensitivity in teen movies-emotional territory that sometimes feels like it's been ceded to the occasional TV show.
The humor and the heartbreak are equally affecting and real, making for the most satisfying American teen movie in years.
We spend a sprawling, mostly agreeable, and very plainly shot 100 minutes with Nadine, but we never learn anything about her interests or ambitions outside of the two boys -- one nice, the other nasty -- she fancies.
Okay, so maybe Kelly Fremon Craig's The Edge Of Seventeen isn't the second coming of the teen movie. But it's well-observed and even touching, and those are never bad qualities.
It's not a candy-coated version of teenage-dom. It's harsh, and awkward, and funny, just like being a teenager is.
It features a gloriously nuanced movie star performance from Hailee Steinfeld and a host of strong supporting turns in service of Kelly Fremon Craig's thoughtful and often hilarious comedic drama.
The Edge of Seventeen has more than enough earnestness of heart to make up for its structural shortcomings. It's a teen film with an uncommonly honest ear for interactions.
Craig makes her directorial debut with "The Edge of Seventeen," which ranks among the best teen comedies of last two decades. It would feel right at home with a movie marathon of modern classics "Mean Girls" and "Easy A."
Now might not sound like a great time for a movie about a teenager fuming over nonsense teenage problems. But at least in temperament, Hailee Steinfeld's Nadine is our spirit animal.
Steinfeld's performance never sells short simple adolescent growing pains. It's the best combination of well-written ranting and genuine alienation in a high school comedy since Easy A.
Edge of Seventeen captures and elevates the voices of people who care about each other deeply but also how to hurt each other with laser-like accuracy.
It's funny, involving and touching in nice doses. Plus it stars Hailee Steinfeld and features our longtime pal Woody Harrelson. Kelly Fremon Craig has made a dandy directorial debut.
Kelly Fremon Craig is a good writer, who is also a good director, and "The Edge of Seventeen" is the beginning of a career worth watching.
A jittery delight, an anxious, hyper-verbal, edge-of-panic coming-of-age comedy about small social fissures that abruptly erupt into emotional struggle... Steinfeld's poised intelligence is matched by a gift for comic alarm.
Like kids being told a new but familiar fairy tale, we can sit back and enjoy the telling.
The scenes that work just make me ache for more of them, signaling that if Craig finds her groove, she'll be a force to reckon with.
The sharply written, potty-mouthed comedy isn't all-too dark, but the lightness is tinged with a sense of realistic edginess that makes the story feel whole and relatable.
The struggles of being a kid are beautifully depicted in the film ... both homage to and a modernization of the traditional high school dramedy where the immediacy of social media can ruin a life.
Sure, some of it is cliche... Perhaps it should have stayed lighter. But The Edge of Seventeen also has enough good that it might just become a new classic in the high school comedy genre.
Savvy & wryly sardonic, depicting the fragility of adolescent angst without being self-conscious...
As written and directed by Kelly Fremon Craig, the characters don't exist beyond their few foregrounded traits, and the action unspools mainly in clattery witticisms that take the place of substantial dialogue.
A heartfelt, pathos-driven coming-of-age story that would make John Hughes incredibly proud.
The Edge Of Seventeen boasts an emotional journey filled with wit, humor and heart, resting easy on the back of Hailee Steinfeld's dynamite performance.
This hilarious teen comedy is directed by Kelly Fremon-Craig and stars Hailee Steinfeld as Nadine, a charming, yet neurotic teenager on the edge of adulthood.
The smartest thing about Kelly Fremon Craig's teen dramedy is its measured take on its protagonist's theatrics.
It'll likely become an instantaneous cult-classic for teenage girls -- it's Hailee Steinfeld's 'Clueless.' However, late-millennial high school girls are anything but clueless.
The Edge of Seventeen is to be commended for even attempting a coming-of-age story with a character like Nadine at its center.
I really wish The Edge of Seventeen had been around when I was seventeen.
An impressive, sharply written and acted coming-of-age flick.
It feels fresh because Nadine is so finely drawn and so distinctive.
There's sweetness and a smidge of wisdom to be found in The Edge Of Seventeen, a likeable coming-of-age comedy-drama that's too generic to recommend but enjoyable enough to make you curious what its writer-director and stars will do next.
The Edge of Seventeen doesn't push the genre in a new direction like Heathers or Ferris Bueller's Day Off. Instead, the film settles into a familiar groove.
The Edge of Seventeen isn't John Hughes for a new generation - it's much more honest than that.
First-time director Kelly Fremon Craig delivers a hilarious teen comedy with a truly original voice.
Fast, full-hearted and graced with a beautifully modulated lead turn by Hailee Steinfeld, the movie takes the risk of playing it straight and sincere - and the risk pays off.
In the tradition of teen classics like Clueless, Mean Girls, and Juno comes The Edge of Seventeen, a brilliant coming-of-age comedy with anger issues.
Steinfeld makes Nadine a hellion you can't tear yourself away from. She isn't just the star of "The Edge of Seventeen" - she's its center of gravity.
Pick a god, any god, and thank them for this movie.

@highlight

The Edge of Seventeen 's sharp script -- and Hailee Steinfeld's outstanding lead performance -- make this more than just another coming-of-age dramedy.