This (and the disappointingly overlooked Take This Waltz from 2012) is just the beginnings of an outstanding venture into raw, mature drama for Sarah Silverman.
Film is a storytelling medium, and while a story doesn't necessarily have to have a three act structure, it does need a beginning, a middle, and an end. I Smile Back is all middle.
... the ending is one of those conclusions of a film that you see coming a few minutes before it does yet you pray it actually doesn't end that way because you know you'd feel like throwing your shoe at the screen.
That Laney is an unlikeable lone wolf is not necessarily a problem... But her inability to connect becomes our problem, as the film itself lacks any connective tissue. Even Adam Salky's direction feels dissociative.
I Smile Back might not rewrite the addiction or mental illness melodrama rule book but that doesn't make it less affecting, Silverman's spectacular performance alone making the price of a ticket well worth spending.
Silverman is excellent, but she could use a better script.
'I Smile Back' could very well be just another addiction drama, were it not for the power and force of Silverman's performance, which she plays with such raw openness that she transcends the material.
At a running time of 85 minutes, we learn too little about Laney and too much about her addiction.
It would be nice if this film offered more hope for Laney, but it isn't that kind of film. It is just a slice of life, and a pretty depressing slice at that, with a disturbing beginning, a dismal end and false hope in the middle.
The sort of reductionism one finds in cautionary videos made for schools, with equally weak logic.
Silverman delivers a knockout performance - any memories of her scatalogical stand-up act are washed away in an instant. But her intense commitment to the depths of depression belongs in a better, more focused, less derivative film.
I Smile Back isn't a candy-coated, noble depiction of addiction and the toll it takes on families, but rather a bleak yet honest look at how regular people lose themselves, and how difficult it can be to find the way back.
It is a brave performance by Sarah Silverman as a woman slipping into a private hell of her own making, but - well, that probably says enough.
I Smile Back pummels with nastiness, then moves from one shocking event to the next without a backward glance.
A terrible script by Paige Dylan takes all the fun out of stand-up comedian Sarah Silverman playing a serious part as a depressed addict.
Silverman takes a tremendous leap of faith outside of her comfort zone and gives a nuanced and emotionally draining performance
Silverman's shtick may be getting tired, but her bravura turn in I Smile Back suggests a career resurgence.
Holding the film together is Silverman's tour-de-force performance. Involved in every scene, her "serious" acting holds the film together.
I Smile Back has all of the makings of an intense, emotional, drama but the execution is messy, and by the end didn't seem to have a clear story that it was trying tell...
Sarah Silverman uses her stand-up persona to bring her fragile, damaged addict to life, giving one of the most startling performances of 2015.
This is a dark picture, but it has an exceptional focal point in Silverman, who fully embodies the drain of depression.
Silverman's performance, while good, is by no means great, and she is not able to transcend what amounts to a little too much sweetness and light in this cinematic "Smile."
Silverman is far and away the best part of "I Smile Back," a strained entry in the Mad Housewife genre.
A tough, unbending, sometimes brutally truthful profile of one woman's addiction and the havoc it wreaks on herself and just about everyone who matters to her.
Silverman, the tart-tongued stand-up comic known for treading treacherous social waters, confirms herself as a serious actress. If only she'd been given a character supported by a stronger arc.
Silverman's scarily good in this role - sick-joke-funny when the behavior supports it, raw yet subtle at Laney's most reckless junctures.
Silverman proves that she is a legit actress, not just 'pretty good for a comedian trying to get serious.'
As studies in female depression go, I Smile Back is less satisfying as a cohesive film than the recent Kumiko, The Treasure Hunter, but Silverman's vanity-free performance is a treasure in its own right.
Viewed as a metaphor for motherhood, the movie opens up in profound, and sometimes alarming, ways.
Laney is quiet, chilling, seemingly flooded with thoughts of the worst kind. Small details accrue; sorrow simmers
The movie's intelligent respect for that which is unknowable allows it to cover an enormous swath of ground in just 85 minutes. Sarah Silverman is very good in "I Smile Back," and the movie is even better.
Let's hope the next time Silverman lands a meaty dramatic role -- and she surely will -- it will be attached to a stronger movie with a screenplay that adds more context and gives more texture to its characters.
Sarah Silverman's work is of a towering caliber few actors could even dream of reaching, so emotionally piercing and yet so bereft of vanity and artifice it has the power to haunt the viewer for days.
If "I Smile Back" accomplishes anything, it proves that Silverman is no joke.
'I Smile Back' exists primarily as a showcase for Sarah Silverman's undoubted dramatic talents and an obliteration of her persona as a comedian.
The end of I Smile Back is daring enough to make you regret all the flaccid, poorly-shaped scenes that have preceded it.
It tends to trivialize more than sympathize with her condition, despite Silverman's audacious effort to shed her comedic persona.
Doesn't just present Laney's fairly basic ailments; it gets them. And it makes you feel what it's like to be her.
Silverman is so committed and convincing that she makes you wish there were more to her character, more to her story.
A movie that's constructed almost entirely of empty clichés about suburban ennui.
[Silverman is] fierce and unerring. No showing off; she just is. This is acting of the highest caliber.
A wearying loop of slug-snort-crash that leaves Ms. Silverman out on a ledge and the audience with no way to reach her.
Sarah Silverman delivers the type of performance typically labeled as 'brave' because her character debases herself. She's fine in the role, but it's not revelatory nor anything that raises the film above a slog.
If Silverman's going to bare her soul this nakedly, she deserves a better film to do it in.
An atypical serious performance by Sarah Silverman can't salvage this incessantly clichéd addiction drama.
Flirting with pat explanations, the film settles for a vague portrait of consuming ennui ...
Not your everyday lunge for artistic seriousness, Silverman's Laney is a performance of muted shades: We watch the furtive gulps of wine and raiding of secret stashes of coke and pills, and sense that this is a woman long used to hiding in plain sight.
Laney's medley of maladies would ring terrifyingly true in real life, but on screen, the character comes across as opaque and underdeveloped despite a vulnerable and committed performance by Silverman.
Silverman shows us a person we've never seen before. She's playing a character, not stroking her own neuroses; she's too much of a pro for that.
This is a case of good acting saving a movie from its own poor choices.
A scorching performance from Sarah Silverman anchors this painful drama of addiction and defeat.
A drama that doesn't dig deep enough into its protagonist's turmoil.
Sarah Silverman is unimpeachable as Laney, a suburban wife and mother who self-medicates her depression with risky sexual choices and riskier substance abuse -- but she's already played a version of this character in Take This Waltz.
...a fantastic performance in search of a compelling narrative...
I Smile Back features a potent performance by Sarah Silverman, who makes her character's downward spiral both captivating and tragic.
Sarah Silverman proves again that great comics can access deep wells of emotion.
A fearless dramatic performance by comedian Sarah Silverman can't save director Adam Salky's repetitive housewife-in-rehab drama I Smile Back.
It's a slim, shadowy one-woman-show, with Silverman shedding every last vestige of her onstage persona and gazing long into to the abyss. A tough sit, but that ending sticks in your gut.
Sarah Silverman tries her best, but she can't save this reductive indie drama.
Features Sarah Silverman doing drugs and having illicit sex; and working through her problems with a therapist. The film seems to think the latter is more interesting than the former. I disagree.
I Smile Back spends most of its 85 minutes working through the paces of every movie about an addict you've ever seen, but it has a secret weapon: Sarah Silverman.
I don't find Silverman's drunk act particularly deep or anguished. The applicable adjective for her character's personality is, it seems to me, "spoiled."
Not to trivialize the brutal experience of anyone in the grip of chronic depression, but the film becomes a thankless and repetitive exercise in emotional pornography.
A grim and depressing movie that's painfully dull, making it hard to recommend it even for fans of Silverman who want to see her stretch her dramatic acting muscles.
"I Smile Back" is a showcase for Silverman's considerable prowess as a dramatic lead actress, and any story problems in the film are eclipsed by her tremendous performance.
Sarah Silverman's deep-dive performance as a drug-addled New Jersey housewife elevates director Adam Salky's prosaic addiction drama.

@highlight

I Smile Back serves as a powerful showcase for Sarah Silverman's dramatic range, but fails to surround her committed performance with a movie worthy of its depth.