The Visit should be considered a winning comeback for Shyamalan; the twist is dumb fun and audiences are going to have a blast being simultaneously frightened while laughing at the lunacy of it all
Another year, another crashing disappointment from M Night Shyamalan, for whom the success of The Sixth Sense must be beginning to feel like it happened to somebody else.
The Visit is more like a conventional card trick than a full-scale illusion, but it has some decent scare moments...
But this 'found footage' thriller is an improvement on [M. Night Shyamalan's] last few projects. At least the story is relatable and not too crazy and he's aided by a strong cast.
The Visit doesn't quite deliver a roundhouse punch. Unlike [M. Night] Shyamalan's early successes, there is no satisfying connection of emotions and events at the end. But it's scary and funny enough, and certainly well-made, to recommend.
The performances of the kids are commendable as they play with our expectations of child actors and what is normal for children's behavior in this type of story.
The Visit is somehow not only a good movie; it's an exceptional one that stands out from similar stories for its emotional authenticity and the respect it has for its characters.
This is horror at its most powerful, when it strips away all of the layers of protection we collectively use to hide from our deepest fears and takes a long, hard look at them.
The new movie from M. Night Shyamalan... is... good?
Here, [Shyamalan] loosened up, shed some of his ego, and reminded all of us what a gifted writer and director he truly is.
[A] collection of jump scares [that lasts] until everyone arrives at [Shyamalan's] trademarked final twist (also called, in more recent times, the closing cringe).
M. Night Shyamalan made another good movie, and I'm as surprised as you are.
It's a strange thing to watch a filmmaker try like hell to convince us that he's in on the joke that's become his career.
There is definitely a lot to appreciate in this creepy little number, however, if you're not a fan of this particular sub-genre, then you're probably better off looking for your frights elsewhere.
There are a lot of both the good and the bad "Shyamalanisms" in this film to both support the argument that this is a good comeback and to show that he isn't the filmmaker he was 15 years ago.
With "The Visit," M. Night Shyamalan might well be coming out of his 12-year sophomore slump.
The majority of the film, when the very young are being terrorized by the very old, is highly effective.
Though it may not be all that scary, it gets brownie points for being strange.
'Welcome to M Night Shyamaland! What's that? The new one? Well, there's creepy stuff, a Hansel and Gretel bit, grandma gets loony, the ride gets a bit Psycho with a kitchen knife and a basement, and...well, the last section's a bit rickety, really.'
The Visit is somewhat of a moderate success for Shyamalan; his methodology of storytelling here wasn't something I felt was necessary (going docu-style), but I dug his story, the characters & just how downright nasty it gets during the last 15 mins.
Don't go in expecting some big Sixth Sense-style twist but The Visit does provide a satisfying blend of thrills and laughs, so if you're into spooky movies, it's worth a watch.
With The Visit, Shyamalan has delivered a delicious horror gem so intense that you may accidentally rip the armrests off your seat from clenching them so hard.
The twist is that The Visit reminds you that M. Night Shyamalan has a remarkable mind for what frightens us.
It's brutally creepy, funny, and packs a meaningful message about forgiveness.
A movie that doesn't know if it's a horror film or a comedy, but it's a good hybrid that we can be sure will captivate us and entertain us. [Full review in Spanish]
The Visit is a pleasant surprise.
M. Night Shyamalan's first foray into found-footage territory conjures up a few scares, but otherwise operates on autopilot.
Stop the presses: M. Night Shyamalan has made a film that doesn't suck.
...an exemplary cast, the script is keenly aware of not only our horror expectations but our Shyamalan expectations, too, using it against us in the best possible way.
The Visit marks Shyamalan's best horror effort since 2004's The Village, and one can only hope that this marks the start of a comeback for the once-reliable filmmaker.
An unfulfilled promise. [Full review in Spanish]
Effectively modulated, balancing character exposition with pointed dialogue while injecting the plot's progression with slow (but gradual) increments of terrifying uncertainty.
While it's great to see M. Night Shyamalan return to the twisty horror genre, his use of found-footage leaves the film feeling like a decent premise with nowhere to go.
The best Shyamalan film since The Village. [Read full review in Spanish]
However the movie goes on to explain these alternately alarming and comic phenomena, the kids spend some time trying to sort it out, and their process is simultaneously predictable and clumsy.
[The Visit] seems aware that its core audience considers this kind of movie like a fairground ride. Shrieks of audience terror are usually followed by laughter anyway, and the two emotions aren't always that different.
Will you want to be a guest in the environment M. Night Shyamalan creates in 'The Visit?' That all ... Depends. And yes, the capital letter is intentional.
It's just a spooky, funny little movie that's perfectly happy to be nothing more than that.
The new Shyamalan film is simple just in appearence, because it's a really innovative and transgressive film. [Full review in Spanish]
The ending will divide audiences but The Visit offers enough intrigue to warrant a trip to the cinemas.
It completely fulfills its purpose: entertain you, even if it starts a little slow. [Full review in Spanish]
Scary, funny and very original. [Full review in Spanish]
A perfect mix of horror and comedy make this movie and original cinematic experience that never lets go of your attention. [Full review in Spanish]
After several perplexing misfires, writer/director M. Night Shyamalan has scaled back, gone for a lower budget and a lighter tone, and emerged with his most effective movie in over a decade.
It's been a while since we've had a Shyamalan that's as sharp as this, this is an homage to dark fairytales and small horror. [Full review in Spanish]
It's not Shyamalan's best film, but it's a solid return from the director. [Full review in Spanish]
"The Visit" has it all, from rap battles and gags to scenes that will make you jump. [Full review in Spanish]
The film is good because it doesn't try to replicate what the director did in previous movies. [Full review in Spanish]
One of the best horror movies of the year. [Full review in Spanish]
Full of high-quality jolts, spooks and some really good laughs, consider this finely honed creepfest a comeback film for writer/director M Night Shyamalan
It triumphantly reinvents the genre, in a way that allows Shyamalan to combine suspense with witty running commentary on the art of filmmaking itself.
It builds up the suspense until its amazing ending, proving that Shyamalan still has a couple of tricks up his sleeve. [Full review in Spanish]
With The Visit, Shyamalan has crafted a slow-burning, seat-squirming thriller that more than passes muster in all the departments that matter.
This has nice work from the kids (both of whom, incidentally, are from Melbourne) and broader, wackier playing from Dunagan and McRobbie, plus a fair helping of freaky, even WTF-type moments.
The second best thing about The Visit is the surprise twist in the story; the best thing is its sense of humour
A strange brew of humour and creepiness that seems to be intended for the teen market. Shyamalan has said that he recommends the youngest viewer be fourteen or above; I recommend the eldest being seventeen or below.
The Visit is a joyride for comic book fans and genre tv series alike. [Full review in Spanish]
Shyamalan keeps his head down and goes back to the essence of his craft with this horror thriller. [Full review in Spanish]
(Shyamalan) falls into a significant found-footage trap with "The Visit" - it's ultimately about itself and its technique.
For all its intelligence and craft, M. Night Shyamalan's foray into the genre of found-footage horror has the feeling of homework done well.
The nerve wracking film got under my skin without being entertaining.
Shyamalan doesn't do anything revolutionary here, but he works the found-footage trope about as well as it can be worked, often finding inventive and crafty ways to create unnerving compositions that look accidental, rather than planned.
Concise, effective and full of dark humor, The Visit is a return to form by Shyamalan. [Full review in Spanish]
If you don't guess the big twist in this story by 15 minutes into the film, you fell asleep at 10 minutes.
The very best thing about The Visit is that it's a brief one.
This one is contrived and obvious.
M. Night Shyamalan still can't make a good comeback, not even with a low budget and the themes he knows. [Full review in Spanish]
Any small hope you had on Shyamalan's redemption is obliterated in this horrible attempt of a movie. [Full review in Spanish]
Besides Shyamalan's excellent work as a director, the acting is top notch. [Full review in Spanish]
Manages the considerable feat of being tasteless and a damp squib all at once. In short, it combines "Yuck" and "That's it?" in one sinking fit of dumbness.
The once great filmmaker has yet to get his early-career groove back.
The Visit not only marks Shyamalan's return to form, but it's also one of the best found footage horror movies of all time.
An utterly enjoyable and oddly affecting experience that's not only Shyamalan's best film in years but also a cracking thriller in its own right.
I've watched loved ones suffer the indignities of dementia and can't help but find the filmmaker's decision to use them for comic fodder and cheap shocks in deplorable taste. Shyamalan should be ashamed.
The Visit's a spooky, so-so little fairy tale based on the premise that older people are inherently bizarre. Sounds legit -- so long as you're making movies for super young, slow, and gullible audiences.
No wonder Mom never spoke with her parents.
Shyamalan has never been one to stick his landings, leaving the picture's screwy tonality somewhat expected, but "The Visit," as familiar in execution as it is, has a mean streak that largely goes unexplored.
Writer/director M. Night Shyamalan has a comeback of sorts with this suspenseful drama, which isn't as strong as his earlier works but is a lot better than some of his most recent efforts.
Spooky, scary, suspenseful tale...with a stunning twist.
Using such a tired, commonly flawed concept with the found footage angle, Shyamalan doesn't do anything to justify taking such a hackneyed approach.
Not a Comedy, Not a Horror Film - it's a boring mess
Brothers Grimm meet reality-TV ... the scariest movie since 'The Conjuring' ... Welcome back to the dark side, M. Night --
I have been waiting patiently for Shyamalan to return to us with the kind of great, notable genre picture that I know he's capable of providing. I may have gotten my wish with The Visit.
Allow me to put my head in the oven and make the case for M. Night Shyamalan's The Visit...
Bring back The Last Airbender!
The Visit does deliver clammy unease and scary jolts... But the found-footage device quickly becomes strained and irritating, and much of the comedy misfires. Not a disaster, then, but only a partial return to form.
mixes a mordant sort of humor along with the increasing sense of dread... and with that tidy distraction, what should and should not be alarming becomes suitably muddled as the story toys with our sympathies
Shyamalan has recaptured his knack for tackling big subjects through nimbly formulated genre stories.
For such a small film, The Visit represents a big win for M. Night Shyamalan.
It might as well have been called Old People Are Scary! ... And just as sure as the New England Patriots will find a new way to cheat their way to the championship, so too will a Shyamalan thriller feature a climactic -- and obvious -- third-act twist.
... a low-budget mix of frights and laughs that fails to be consistently scary or funny.
It is with some surprise-and perhaps even a hint of disappointment-that I must report that The Visit is merely mediocre and not the breathtaking calamity that we've come to anticipate from its author.
There's too much good in it to call it a failure, but in many ways The Visit is less than the sum of its parts.
Shyamalan's return to horror is a return to the genre he knows and operates best in.
M. Night Shyamalan's latest plays better as a comedy than a as horror movie.
"The Visit" shouldn't have anyone shouting from the rooftops that M. Night Shyamalan is back to his A-game...but it at least stops the blood-letting from his last decade of career wounds.
He might have a long way to go to win back the throngs of supporters that once lined his gallery but with "The Visit", he's at least back to showing us why we rooted for him in the first place. Nice birdie, M!
Mainly, Shyamalan's spookfest suffers from an acute case of monotony.
Chilling and hilarious (at times at the same time), The Visit taps into that exhilarating experience of being scared - and of wanting to be.
The Visit is a fun and kitschy horror parable - though the trademark Shyamalan twist will be a big disappoint for many viewers.
...generates enough low-key creepiness to make Shyamalan once more worthy of discussion.
The sad part isn't that people think The Visit is the best Shyamalan movie in a decade. The sad part is that they're right.
Breaking news: M Night Shyamalan has made a film that's not rubbish.
There is some genuinely scary stuff ... and if you're a lover of the weird, it's a must-see.
Hopefully, next time around Shyamalan will have enough confidence to take the gloves off and leave them off.
The Visit warms your soul like a mug of hot chocolate from Grandma, but gleefully shocks and scares with the most subtle of household horrors.
Whatever [Shyamalan's] intent, he has at least succeeded in producing a film that, in its wild hodgepodge of absurd emotion, hammy jokes and jumping creeps, is unlike anything else you're likely to see.
M. Night Shyamalan's latest film may well have been his last chance at redemption. Fortunately, he rises to the challenge and makes The Visit good, scary fun.
..certainly better directed than many low-budget scare flicks, but it inevitably comes off as secondhand, a mildly entertaining, if clumsy, mix of eeriness and chuckles that arrests Shyamalan's cinematic decline but certainly doesn't reverse it.
While The Visit doesn't always work, there's enough success in Shyamalan's bare-bones horror-dark comedy do-over to suggest he's learned hard lessons and taken these failures to heart.
Shyamalan creates a creepy atmosphere and some of his shock tactics are effective. The Visit, though, is the kind of movie you expect from a first-timer searching for a voice, not someone with his experience.
The Visit is crass and predictable, and nearly as bad as the extremely dire The Happening.
A kids-in-jeopardy flick drenched in comic slurs on old people.
Will M. Night Shyamalan ever clue in? Just because there's a twist in a movie doesn't mean the movie's any good.
It was fun watching this with a gasping and screaming audience. For horror-goers, the comparative competence must hit the spot. But there's nothing new here -- and what I sensed for 94 minutes was compromise.
Shyamalan succeeds in playing off the audience's expectations, knowing that we will expect something unexpected. He teases constantly - keep an eye on the big kitchen oven - then sneaks in a jab when we are looking the other way.
THE VISIT is fun, first and foremost, with a lot of scares and laughs along the way to a climax that gets just nasty enough to qualify it as a real horror movie.
'The Visit' is a fun and thrilling little hunk of genre that smartly sprinkles some laughs in between the creepy chills.
Cringe comedy and cringe horror that encourages its audience to find the elderly to be ugly, weird, gross, fearsome and even suspect. Shame on Shyamalan's shaming.
An unoriginal faux-doc horror picture that actually works like a demonic charm.
The "Blair Witch"-like visual clichés, like the shaky camerawork and holding the camera too close to people's faces, inadvertently expose the weaknesses of Shyamalan's script.
A modern fairy tale of the Grimm-est sort.
Lady in the Water, The Happening, The Last Airbender, and After Earth sullied Shyamalan's reputation, and The Visit does nothing to resurrect his brand.
While the production values are simple, the script is sneakily complex. Like the best horror merchants, Shyamalan exploits our secret fears - in this case, of old age, ill health and dementia.
The Visit is easily successful enough to justify those suggestions of a return to form.
'The Visit' is another woeful outing from M. Night Shyamalan. It is a gimmicky, parlor trick film with a blatantly obvious twist ending.
Shyamalan slums it with a film that feels like a found footage parody.
Beneath its carefully crafted scares, this is a very artful movie about movies, a story about stories, and a tale of a tale-with a trademark, last-minute Shyamalan twist.
The material works quite well in terms of delivering a haunted fun house type experience where most viewers will laugh, jump and get creeped out in equal doses. (Full Content Review - Nudity, Violence, Profanity, etc. - for Parents also available)
Shyamalan writes The Visit as if he had one truly awesome idea and has to invent ways to waste time until we get to it.
A film so purely entertaining that you almost forget how scary it is. With all its terror, "The Visit" is an extremely funny film.
I hear Hollywood whispers. I feel something is amiss. I see dead directorial reputations. And I smell a comeback.
There's undeniable fun in watching a couple of veteran actors get strange with two newcomers. "The Visit" may be worth one.
There's a gross-out scene that sets a new standard for PG-13 ick.
Horror for easy marks and comedy for people who wish there were more funny films about Alzheimer's, but it's just entertaining enough.
The impish, dread-inducing "The Visit" plays out like a children's storybook as written by Mister Babadook. If Shyamalan is on the cusp of his next professional renaissance, it wouldn't come a moment too soon.
A shambling mess of a film that tries to be a found-footage horror film, but ends up being one of the most unintentional comedies of the year.
The first half of the film works well with the tone emphasizing the humor of the interaction between the generations.
The acting is solid on all counts, but Dunagan really makes things work, hitting just the right mark of ambiguity for Nana to keep things going.
To the surprise of almost no one, M. Night Shyamalan has made 80, maybe 85 percent of an entertaining movie. The rest of The Visit, though? Hoo boy!
Shyamalan futzes with tone in jarring ways.
The director M. Night Shyamalan has a fine eye and a nice, natural way with actors, and he has a talent for gently rap-rap-rapping on your nerves.
[Shyamalan] embraces the shaky-cam joys of found footage like a brand new toy. It's just, like, so last year.
Isn't the whole handheld "real-video" thing kind of old by now? Isn't the Shyamalanian-twist thing kind of old by now, too?
While the old folks are an unpredictable delight, it doesn't take long to tire of DeJonge's teenage know-all or Oxenbould's excruciating bursts of schoolyard rap.
Shyamalan finds freshness in familiar horror tropes. After some big budget misfires, it's great to see him go back to his smaller, scarier roots.
It's creepy, sure, but not very enjoyable, basement or no.
Despite a promising premise and effective "Shyamalan twist", this low-budget horror film still underwhelms.
The honorable tradition of American moviemakers wringing laughs and gasps from bucolic lunatics dates back to "Murder, He Says" (1945). Unfortunately, "The Visit" isn't part of it.
Madcap horror, coiled and ready to spring.
This mocumentary-thriller works terrifically well - funny, scary, clever.
A messed-up fairy tale that often nails the sweet spot between scaring us and letting us laugh at how scared we are. It's crowd-pleasing horror, the kind that can push moviegoers to the edge of their seats and send them to the water cooler the next day.
Shyamalan's taken a much needed step back, rebounding this year, first on television with 'Wayward Pines' and now with this low budget horror comedy rigged much like his first hit - when the twist arrives, you won't believe you didn't see it coming
Shyamalan opts for jump scares, red herrings and abrupt tonal shifts while the movie ambles toward its telegraphed conclusion.
A relentlessly tense journey into the bizarre, with jolts that linger and some nicely played melancholy. What's more, the movie is often surprisingly, wickedly funny ...
The movie doesn't earn our trust, which is really what's needed for the payoff to work...
Suffice to say that the result is an effective scare machine and a semi-return to form for its creator.
Here is a movie in which old people are scary because they're senile and icky and incontinent and do baffling things. And they're, you know, so old and wrinkly.
This tardy rehash of fairytale tropes finds sometime genre innovator M Night Shyamalan clinging in abject desperation to the found-footage movement's careworn coattails.
The low-budget thriller deftly mixes horror-movie moments, pure strangeness and comedy like a family-friendly David Lynch effort as it takes audiences on one really oddball trip to grandma's house.
Dunagan and McRobbie have a blast in their respective roles, alternating between everyday grandparent oddities and behavior that wouldn't be out of place at the Overlook Hotel. And overall, the young duo makes an affable pair of narrators.
The Visit is great fun. It's genuinely funny while still managing to tap into our dark fears of the familiar becoming terrifyingly unfamiliar, of sweet turning suddenly sour. It's also Shyamalan's best film in years.
Fortunately, The Visit has a lot of (intentional!) laughs between the creepy bits and jump scares, and never takes itself too seriously.
Alas, it's a dopey, only mildly chilling, uneasy mix of horror and dark comedy, scoring few points in either category.
The Visit is by no means a perfect horror film, but it does show that Shyamalan can still tell a scary story and tell it well.
a mountain of mediocrity
... it's just nice to see a good M. Night Shyamalan movie again.
[Shyamalan's] manipulation of tone is impressive -- he gets you to laugh at the grandparents' strange behavior, only to shift gears into horror when you least expect it.
Marketed as a straight horror film in an attempt to play on whatever Sixth Sense fondness still remains in the American public, the film is really more of a horror comedy, and a surprisingly able one.
The Visit is further proof that M. Night Shyamalan has completely lost whatever prodigious qualities he may have once had as a filmmaker. Any film that is sandwiched between a pile of feces-filled diapers can't be very promising.
The Visit may be flawed, but viewed as a comedy, it traffics more in archetypical characters than realistic ones, and goes for the joke or the jolt over the drama.
Perfectly threads the line between horror and comedy. A minor film, but still Shyamalan's best in years
Shyamalan keeps you guessing and, yes, sporadically bursting into laughter, right up to the end.
It's wild and outrageous, stacking laughs and scares atop one another in a giant Jenga of oddball entertainment.
While Shyamalan competently scares us from time to time and makes us laugh uncomfortably at the odd actions - aren't we snickering at mental illness? - he has nowhere interesting to take this simple tale.
An effective if flawed psychological thriller, a modest campfire story with a solid, genuinely startling twist that is likely to restore the faith of some of [Shyamalan's] critics.
Much like Shyamalan's flawed/interesting films "Signs" and "The Village," the filmmaker promises more than he can deliver.
By remaining a smartly staged thriller rather than a formula shocker, it does quite well with precisely what it set out to do: play on all our fears like a Steinway grand piano.
Following a creative low period that found the director trying his hand at effects-driven fantasy and sci-fi, it can't help but come across as a comeback.
A scary fun-house ride that expertly blends jittery tension and laugh-out-loud humor, it will make you forgive the filmmaker for such major time-wasters as "Lady in the Water," "After Earth" and "The Happening."
Isn't the movie that's going to refurbish Shyamalan's star--it's a muddled attempt to meld comedy and horror that doesn't succeed particularly well as either.
Shyamalan creates good scares, and laughs, in this comedy-horror hybrid.
Not in the same league as The Sixth Sense, but Shyamalan ends a long dry spell with The Visit. No spoilers, except to say that cheap thrills can still be a blast.
M. Night Shyamalan's first foray into found-footage territory conjures up a few scares, but otherwise operates on autopilot.
The Visit is a genuinely creepy and chucklesome horror-comedy with a touching (if somewhat over-sentimentalised) core.
This is back-to-basics stuff for Shyamalan, showing the director at his most relaxed and confident in years.
"The Visit" is the kind of exciting horror experience crowds will eat up, just like one of Nana's cookies.
The Visit doesn't contain enough mystery or thrills to be deemed a success...
If Shyamalan ever finds a way to marry what works here to the other things he does well elsewhere, look out.
The most shocking thing about The Visit is that it shows Shyamalan, previously responsible for making Mark Wahlberg afraid of wind, now knows how to be funny on purpose.
The Visit is lightweight and doesn't have the emotional resonance of The Sixth Sense, but it's a welcome return to form for a director who seemed doomed to a future of remembering better days.
Watching this unfold is such a joy in the hands of a master filmmaker... Every time there's a payoff, you realize Shyamalan knew exactly what he was doing the whole time.
It's easily Shyamalan's best movie since Signs, and an indication that beneath the hubris and self-importance, he's still a smart and talented filmmaker.
When the (non-spoiler alert) trademark Shyamalan twist finally arrives, it doesn't synthesize anything other than the director's devotion to his signature gimmick.
It's a wild ride with a few thrills along the way.
The result is a bizarre, conflicted mess, horrifying when it's trying to be funny, oddly appealing when it turns the screws.
Frightfully fun, with Shyamalan relentless toying with us and cramming in horror genre references.
"The Visit" is not a head-scratcher, like so many of Shyamalan's movies. It's more of a shoulder-shrug. That's it? That's all you've got?
The mystery isn't deep, alas. And neither, as we've long suspected, is the filmmaker.
When the narrative dust finally settles, what's left is a twisted-comedy exploitation of old-timer craziness that leaves a rather nasty taste in the mouth.
The best studio horror flick in recent years, combining the but-what's-in-those-shadows? immersion of The Conjuring, James Wan's basement-wandering simulator, with the crack scripting and meta-cinematic surprises of Shyamalan's best early films.
Startling but never terrifying, "The Visit" may make a little money, but it does not mark a return to long-lost greatness for Shyamalan. It's more of the same, presented on a smaller, cheaper canvas where you can see every flaw all the more clearly.
M. Night Shyamalan roars back to life with this deliciously creepy and funny little triumph.
Over the river and through the woods to yet another banal, anticlimactic attempt at storytelling from M. Night Shyamalan. And this time, it's found-footage.
It alternates between horror and comedy, without convincing at either.
With The Visit, Shyamalan (finally) gets back to what he does best: Using his own sixth sense to subvert audience expectations with a satisfyingly suspenseful yarn.
The Visit's third act revelation is a doozy, a singular moment that suddenly brings the rest of the film into focus as it makes you facepalm yourself for not figuring it out sooner. Those final 15 minutes are gloriously stupid and joyously breathless.
The Visit is Shyamalan's first competent film in almost ten years, featuring terrifically funny work from Ed Oxenbould, and a smart script that plays more like a comical adventure than a horror film.
while Shyamalan tosses all manner of red herrings at the screen, and allows the tension to build and build towards a terrifying climax, here, as in his earlier Lady in the Water, he seems far more preoccupied with the theme of storytelling itself
In his recent travesties, After Earth, The Last Airbender, and The Happening, we laughed at Shyamalan, but in The Visit we laugh with him.
Although it would be fair to describe The Visit as 'M. Night Shyamalan's best film in years,' it is not a statement that should come without serious qualifiers.
Even if there's less chance the audience will burst out in fits of inappropriate chuckles, as was often the case in, say, "The Happening" or "Lady in the Water," Shyamalan still can't quite pull off the delicate tonal balance he's after.

@highlight

The Visit provides horror fans with a satisfying blend of thrills and laughs -- and also signals a welcome return to form for writer-director M. Night Shyamalan.