Smith Jr looks thoroughly bored by Mom and Pop's extravagant gift. I can't say I blame him.
A cliched and predictable script mixed with the miscasting of Jaden Smith make The Karate Kid a pretty dull film. Stick with the original.
This remake is fun, lighthearted and enormously entertaining. A great family film.
The screenplay gives Dre way too many dumb things to say while needlessly stretching out the entire story into a film that runs overly-long at 132 minutes.
At two hours plus the film is much too long (do we really need that many montages of seeing Smith train?), but it just manages to provide enough watchable entertainment to keep less demanding members of the audience happy.
The story worked in 1984 and it works now.
The Karate Kid is an excellent coming-of-age sports film filled with heart and humor that doesn't test your gag reflex. Even if you love the original the new version is a worthy follow up, both comfortable and fresh, and that isn't easy to do.
Zwart's adaptation pretty much fails across the board.
'The Karate Kid' overcame the remake curse.
Exploits a well known name in order to push an overwrought kids film that will not impress anyone over the age of twelve.
The Karate Kid 2010 is a thoughtful and professionally executed remake, retaining everything that really mattered about the original -- specifically the sincere relationship between the young protégé and his mentor.
So, part propaganda piece (will everyone in Detroit start packing?) and mostly predictable, warmed-over rehash, I'm guessing most young girl fans of Will Smith's son will find Jaden to be the cat's meow in his first starring role.
If you're one of the cautious fans wary of the remake, do yourself a favor -- drop your reservations and give The Karate Kid a look.
Un remake digno del clásico ochentero. Sorprenden las actuaciones de Jackie Chan y Jaden Smith; además de mostrar de forma contundente el problema de bullying tan actual en el mundo.
full review at Movies for the Masses
The result is a raucous little crowd-pleaser that'll entertain 6 to 60 and might even encourage a few of the more doughy audience members to get off that couch and lace up the ol' workout sneakers.
Even though it's corny, unnecessary and far too long, this remake of the 1984 hit is surprisingly engaging.
What should have been yet another unnecessary, not-as-good-as-the-original is actually miles, miles better.
Thrilling action, well-timed humour and a strong moral heart help to justify the slightly overlong length of the movie.
The script is a lumbering, ponderous thing.
It's Chan's best performance in years and Smith is a likeable leading man.
On balance, this new version is probably a bit better than the original.
This is a remake, pure and simple. And remakes need to be very, very good to justify their existence...
Jaden Smith is the perfect mix of cockiness and vulnerability and, taking after his old man Will, the kid can deliver the funnies too.
Still works on a basic level of cheering the hero and hissing the villain as the plucky Dre heads for a final showdown at a kung fu tournament.
How Harald Zwart, the director, justified bulking the film up to 140 minutes defies understanding.
There's life in this franchise yet.
Although the ever-reliable Chan's on hand to dispense hard-won wushu wisdom, Harold Zwart's awkward update brings little else to the ring.
There's only one area in which the film doesn't appear to be pandering to its perceived audience of impatient 10-year-olds, and that's its runtime.
Enjoyable, if slightly overlong remake that won't trample anyone's fond memories of the original film, thanks to a strong script, impressive direction and superb performances from Jaden Smith and Jackie Chan.
a respectful reimagining of 1984's The Karate Kid, if somewhat less respectful of the Chinese, and too long to keep the attention of the new audience that it courts.
Just the awkward sight of a precocious, overly confident kid with limited natural ability and not enough technical skill being pushed front-and-centre to carry a movie he's not yet ready to carry.
The action sequences, as expected with Chan, are amazing. These, along with a snappy pace, stunning locations and credible performances, counterbalance the film's overlong running time.
The film should be commended for updating the story so well, and for allowing a new generation (who may not be interested in the 1984 original, but might love Jaden Smith and Jackie Chan) to appreciate the timeless story.
Smith might be the focus, but while he's got the charisma and the moves, it's Chan who makes it punch above its weight. Nice scenery too.
Wax on, nod off.
While nobody's going to blame the failure of a major Hollywood movie on a pre-teen, there's no denying Smith's character could use a bit of a smack. Sulky, spoilt and frighteningly self-possessed, he's the picture of American arrogance.
An inspirational movie that has little inspiration to call its own.
The story's good intentions survive, largely because of Chan's way of tenderising his approach to martial arts with humour and humility.
The remake of The Karate Kid impresses with its craft and its patience.
This new Karate Kid is, in the end, a winning update of a classic piece of Eighties' filmmaking, and that in itself is something of a coup.
It's as sweet-natured a movie as you could expect about a 12-year-old learning to beat the crap out of his schoolmates.
Sometimes it's best just to leave a classic film alone.
I enjoyed the heck out of Karate Kid, and if you like Chan, and can get over the fact that this is a remake of a childhood favorite, you should check it out.
A worthless, utterly disposable remake...
A two-and-a-half hour vanity vehicle for a smug showbiz kid yet to show signs of his executive producer dad's charisma. Wax pretty off.
The new Karate Kid runs with the original's underdog structure, mixed with on-screen fights and words of wisdom, but major changes rip the heart out of what was a touching coming-of-age journey anyone could relate to.
The film becomes less interesting as the predictable climax approaches, and the acting isn't strong enough to redeem the tired material.
If the first Karate Kid was a coming of age tale, what does the new version, with its young protagonist, aspire to? Dre's a kung fu master before the onset of puberty, which is a reminder that kids really do grow up too fast today.
Perhaps it lacks the simplicity that made the original such a compelling popcorn movie, but there's an ambition to the updated cross-cultural story that delivers some fascinating texture.
A decent family film that shows how cultural accuracy is optional, hanging with strange old men is fine and all of life's problems can be solved with a roundhouse kick to the head.
A solid, entertaining and engrossing effort that is much, much better than it had any right to be.
What really makes this film feel fresh are the performances from Jackie Chan and new kid on the block, Jaden Smith. Will Smith and wife Jada Pinkett-Smith produced this film for their kiddie star and Jaden certainly doesn't let them down.
The original film was long at 126 minutes; this is egregiously long at 141 mins -- a ridiculous length for this kind of film.
With twenty or thirty minutes cut out The Karate Kid could be a grade A piece of entertainment; at this lumbering length it's too logey to truly compete in the tournament.
A kick-butt family drama with China and Chan as brilliant enhancements.
as warm and affirming as its predecessor, and the manner in which it stakes its own claim to the material is just enough to make it feel like something more than just opportunism
It runs 140 minutes, and wears out its welcome
The film does a nice job re-envisioning the '80s cult classic, thanks in large part to the new Kid, Jaden Smith.
Features the glaring, sore thumb, nobody-had-the-nerve-to-say-no performance of a boy who isn't ready to carry a movie.
There's a new kid in town.
It's ridiculously long, it's paced as poorly as any movie this year, it's set in China for no apparent reason, and it's not, in fact, about karate at all
Jaden Smith rules!!!
The Karate Kid remains a feel good story that works.
The latest "The Karate Kid" will probably work best for young audiences unaware of its predecessor - or of much of anything else for that matter.
...a surprisingly entertaining remake of the 1984 hit.
Smith Jr is really a natural. I don't think anyone's played a likable, wise-ass teen as well as this since Edward Furlong in Terminator 2.
It's incredibly perfunctory and lacks the remotest hint of sparkle; and that's actually enough to put it a bit ahead of the pack in this, the most grotesque movie summer in memory.
[Jaden] Smith is quite up to carrying a whole movie, especially with help from [Taraji P.] Henson and [Jackie] Chan ...
...emblematic of some of Hollywood's worst impulses....better than you might expect.
Yes, the fight scenes are pretty cool. Sadly there's another 2 hours worth of film that isn't.
A little slow in the middle but the ending has people standing up and clapping
A powerful emotional kick, strong performances and pretty scenery overcome the overlong, overstuffed plot.
The biggest cinematic sin committed here is the misnamed title (keeping karate instead of using the correct kung fu), but Jaden Smith (is) Will Smith's heir apparent.
As far as remakes go, it's not the best out there, but it's definitely a worthy effort and a fine display of Chan and Smith's skills, both as dramatic actors and action ones. They're beyond impressive.
It's not as good as the 1984 version. I say that not just out of nostalgia, but because I think that that was a more satisfying drama.
Nearly as sweet-natured and triumphant as the original 1980s version, the new "The Karate Kid" is an enjoyable story that can be shared by families.
A remake that won't crush your childhood memories, and it even improves on a few things.
Forget menacing fighters, Jaden Smith and Jackie Chan's biggest challenge is formula
Smith shows an overpowering commitment in the way his small wiry body is sculpted with training, the way he executes his kung fu with efficient skills, and the way he proves in every frame that he is a star
Does the new version surpass its predecessor in any way? No. It takes the same story and feeds it back to us more or less intact, with only a few superficial alterations.
Best movie this year and Jaden Smith is part of the reason.
A total crowd-pleaser, featuring a star-making turn by Jaden Smith.
The saving grace of this remake is the inspired idea to set it in China, offering bountiful travelogue opportunities.
'The Karate Kid' is a visually appealing and highly engaging remake. Yay!
It's not karate now, it's kung fu. Why not call it The Kung Fu Kid?
True, we did not need a Karate Kid remake. But this touching film stands on its own. The rare appeals-to-all-ages kind of movie.
Youngsters will be fascinated and mesmerized by Dre's amazing transformative journey. You will leave the theater with a smile on your face and a...
It's Smith who sells Dre's realization - the same revelation all children have one day, that they are not the center of the universe but only a young star learning to orbit
I'm shocked. It's good. It's pretty close to being really, really good (at 132 minutes, it's about a half hour too long).
Pat Morita must be spinning in his grave right now faster than a dreidel on Hanukkah. And if Ralph Macchio were dead too, his body would surely be doing the same thing.
There's also a lot of subtitled Chinese dialogue. Kids will have to read so it's educational too.
Sometimes I think studio heads and producers have retreats where they just get high and laugh themselves silly thinking about how they can mess with us.
Jackie Chan, Oscar nominee? Not as farfetched as you might think.
If the movie's overlong (and it is, by about 20 minutes), it's long for a reason: It gives Dre time to grow.
There's no truth to the rumor that Will and Jada plan to next cast Jaden in a remake of Citizen Kane.
There's a hollowness to this remake where its heart should be.
A constant fight of one kick forward, one kick backward when it comes to overall quality but it ends on the front foot and so barely works by virtue of leaving the audience with a smile on their face.
The new Karate Kid changes the scenery - and targeted demographic - but it's still a thrill to see the bully take his medicine.
The script follows the predictable path from humiliation to humility to a climactic showdown, complete with a deciding slow-motion kick.
This year's Kid lacks the light-hearted buoyancy of the original; it's heavier with loss and a particularly vicious cruelty.
Is this "Karate Kid" as good as the original? No, although it is better than the sequels. But why bother with nostalgia? It's probably good enough.
The Karate Kid is precisely the sort of rousing, stand-up-and-cheer, feel-good entertainment movie audiences have been starved for this summer.
Overstays its welcome, lacks surprises and feels intermittently captivating thanks to Jaden Smith's charming, heartfelt and star-making performance.
Remake has new stars, new country, but same winning spirit.
While we all know Smith will face off against his attackers at the big match, his story never feels calculated or focus-grouped for maximum audience appeal. And when he does prove his worth, we cheer like it's the first time.
This new version isn't terrible, but it's a worse film than the original in every sense. Every punch it throws is much weaker than what we saw in 1984.
Quite possibly the crowd-pleasingest movie I've seen all year, The Karate Kid masterfully captures the charm and humanity of the 1984 original
In a marketplace mad for 3D, it's good to see a dramatic adventure built for young audiences (and the rest of us) that achieves its depth the old-fashioned way, with characters struggling and maturing.
Chan and Smith could not be more likable, along with their cast of young Chinese actors, particularly Wenwen Han.
Goodbye, Mr. Miyagi. Hello, Mr. Han. If you thought no one could possibly replace Ralph Macchio and Pat Morita in your hearts as the stars of the cherished underdog fable "The Karate Kid," think again, Unenlightened Ones.
While not as good as the original, The Karate Kid should please an audience hungry for family-friendly fare.
Taken on its own terms, the remake succeeds as a slick, button-pushing crowd-pleaser, and is certain to engross kids who are near the age of the title character.
Dre learns most of his kung fu chops by taking his jacket on and off for days on end ... because nothing says intense martial arts training like slipping in and out of casual outerwear.
Great visuals, good performances, a strong story--but it's far too long and not nearly as memorable as the original.
At once supremely unnecessary and cheerfully crowd-pleasing.
In The Karate Kid, Mr. Han and Dre deserve each other, in a good way.
While this remake is glossier, the original is better. Still, good stories usually get told more than once, and even on the second go around this one's a winner.
The Karate Kid is lacking originality that could have made it as powerful as the original.
It's way too long, and its slavish adherence to the original plot saps it of suspense, but - suprisingly - it's something of a kick, thanks to the charm of Chan and Smith.
Is there a generation of 12-year-old girls out there yearning for a 12-year-old action-hunk to obsess about? If so, their prayers have been answered.
Formulaic but savvy reboot of the four-film series makes for a solid children's movie, bolstered by exotic locales and a genuinely talented young star.
Shockingly, The Karate Kid actually delivers a great story with great fight sequences and great heart. I found myself clapping and cheering at the end of the flick.
There's something unsettling, even creepy, about the kung-fu tournament...they fight like they're trying to emulate the violence of the more graphic martial-arts videogames.
The new Karate Kid brings fresh life and perspective to the classic tale of perseverance and cross-generational friendship, thanks to Harald Zwart's sensitive direction and two exceptionally appealing stars.
A popcorn picture that thinks it's The Last Emperor, The Karate Kid is about as likely to grab your youngster's attention as any other propaganda film made by the Chinese government.
I wish they just called him Mr. Miyagi
It was resonant in the gung-ho '80s, and it's a notion every generation deserves to discover anew. Based on the young Smith's considerable wattage, this Kid may just surpass the original.
Smith can handle what the film throws at him, and he and Chan nail the life-lesson parts. Yet like the way Han kills a fly with a swatter instead of catching it with chopsticks, the film replaces finesse with hit-you-over-the-head might.
With its ancient buildings sitting right next to brand-new architectural wonders, Beijing provides a subtle echo of the relationship between brash Smith and reserved Chan, which evolves until it's not certain who is the teacher and who is the student.
It's a kids' movie, aimed at kids and the people who buy their tickets. And on that level, it doesn't disappoint.
Like a kung-fu master poised on one leg, a movie must have balance -- between action and emotion, heart and head, fast and slow. This rebooted Kid wobbles, flails, and ultimately stumbles in a futile attempt to top the original.
Daniel LaRusso and Mr. Miyagi earned their iconic status with a poignant friendship for the ages. I doubt very strongly in 25 years if kids today will be saying the same about Dre Parker and Mr. Han.
The Karate Kid just won the award for surprise of the year. It's good.
By now everyone knows the drill, but this new Karate Kid proves that the formula still has life.
it is a pleasure to see the match of the dedicated, courageous young man and the wise teacher work as well for the performers as it does for the characters.
Manages to respectfully adapt and, in some spots, improve on an influential classic as it retells for another generation an inspirational story that's worth repeating.
This new version perfectly captures the emotional beats of the first film. It is respectful to what came before it without making the mistake that that respect must automatically imply slavish imitation.
Rooting against The Karate Kid sequel is easier than rooting against an ex on a game show poised to win a yacht that will likely be christened, "(Your name) sucks."
Let's pretend you never heard of the original Karate Kid and went into this one cold. How is the movie itself? Eh, fine.
No one will call it a classic a quarter-century down the line, but this summer it's a pleasure -- old-fashioned, deliberate and unpretentious.
May not be competing at the same level as the original, but it respects the tradition, and if it doesn't really have anything new to say, it still says it in a reasonably engaging way.
Despite my distaste for remakes in general, I was pleasantly surprised by this offering, and I haven't heard such an enthusiastic response from kids watching a movie in a long time (Parental Review also Available)
I cringed when I saw the 2:20 run time, but this is terrifically entertaining, full of fine performances and wonderful scenery.
Follows the route of respectful homage and rarely steps out on its own feet.
Even at a wearisome 140 minutes, The Karate Kid maintains the same winning formula that made the original such a classic.
As far as needless reduxes go, this one's pretty good, if not capturing the quality of its predecessor then at least coming close enough to impress.
So here's a pleasant surprise: The 2010 remake of The Karate Kid is charming, thoughtfully paced and even a bit emotionally involving, with what might be a movie-star turn by a movie star's son.
Here is what a remake should be - a modern update with its own personality that nonetheless remains true to the core essentials of the original, even tweaking some of them.
Surprisingly serious, showcasing the natural beauty of the shooting location, great martial arts, and good to great performances that tell a universal story.
While this 'Kid' should be engaging enough for those coming to the tale for the first time, it certainly won't efface memories of the original.
The Karate Kid indulgently runs 2 hours, 20 minutes, at least a half hour more than it needs, while delivering less fun and inspiration than before.
Jaden is endearing in his own way, and the abstract notion of Jackie Chan in Pat Norita's role of the wise mentor almost obscures the reality of Mr. Chan's zonked performance, which simulates warm feelings toward the kid without risk of infectiousness.
The Karate Kid is a kung fu kick of a film that hits more than it misses, with its fresh prince of Beijing in Jaden Smith, its scene-stealing grand master flash, Jackie Chan, and a shiny-happy China travelogue thrown in for good measure...
For a movie whose outcome is never in doubt, the padding is punishing.
The David-and-Goliath mismatch plays out as it must, but it's hard to shout approval for pint-sized lads clobbering each other.
Fans of the original can rest assured: Macchio was, and will continue to be, the true karate kid.
The younger Smith exhibits a lot of the goofy qualities of his father, as well as his customary cockiness. However, he's got just enough of those traits to still be likable without becoming too cocky.
Still, as far as pointless remakes go (and this one admittedly barely qualifies as a remake in the first place) there are more plusses than minuses as far as The Karate Kid is concerned.
inner-city-to-Forbidden-city crap
I'm pretty sure these 12-year-olds could leave the entire cast of The Expendables in body bags.
lies somewhere between a success and cinematic blasphemy
As revivals go, this one is well-above-average by dint of its intelligent reappraisal of major elements in the first movie.
While faithful in spirit to the modest 1984 original, this bigger-budget remake occasionally goes too far in its aim to be more epic. But the chemistry between Jaden Smith and Jackie Chan grounds the movie, imbuing it with sincerity and poignance.
While it doesn't match the heart and fortuitous chemistry of Morita and Ralph Macchio, the pleasant truth is that Smith and Chan are pretty good together in a reimagining that honors and expands on the original story.
An appealing reboot of the 1984 inspirational that rethinks the American tale for the global age.
At the end of The Karate Kid, the preview audience with whom I saw the film stood and cheered with the fervor of new converts. You could almost be forgiven for thinking it was 1984 all over again.
Laziness permeates every moment of director Harald Zwart's new version of The Karate Kid.
The vastly increased production values might have destroyed the heart that made the modestly budgeted original so popular. Chan... gives the film the extra emotional power it needs to be a worthy tribute to its beloved predecessor.
What makes this Karate Kid frustrating is that the movie it ought to be is right there on the screen, but so are 20 minutes of extraneous fluff. Ignoring Mr. Miyagi's advice, the filmmakers let the story wax on and on.
Some remakes update or reimagine, others Americanize or radically subvert, but The Karate Kid goes about its business as if the 1984 original were somehow obliterated from the earth and the studio needed a reasonable facsimile for its vaults.
It would have been an even better movie if they had waited a few years to make it ... That way, it wouldn't have been so sickening to see the slight child actor getting pummeled.
Watching The Karate Kid's franchise reboot is a little like running into your old crush at a middle-school reunion: Warmly familiar and yet altered enough to warrant a second look.
'Karate! Kung fu! Whatever!' says Mom. Exactly!... The important thing is that the cute little American kid will teach the Chinese ignoramuses a thing or two about their own culture. Stupid foreigners!
The honorable reasons to remake a beloved movie include crowning a new star, spotlighting a new location or telling the story a new way. In the case of The Karate Kid, two out of three ain't bad.
The plot takes forever to get rolling, and the movie is hamstrung by numerous tourism sequences (from the Forbidden City to the Great Wall) facilitated by the state-run China Film Group.
At least with Macchio there was vulnerability, mischief, and angst. Smith looks like he boldly stepped out of a hip-hop video, making any rooting for the bullies to win not entirely uncalled for.
The title of the redux is a stretch, since Dre is the kung fu kid, not karate. Little matter. "Fight hard, earn respect, boys leave you alone," Chan's character advises, practicing his screenplay pitch.
...the movie fails to recognize that our understanding of bullying has significantly changed since 1984.
The racial and geographical changes inevitably call into question why Dre is picked on in the first place ... and reinforces Asian stereotypes.
Move over Daniel-San -- there's a new kid in town. The Karate Kid is every bit an unabashed crowd-pleaser.
To its credit, Harald Zwart's update of the 1984 hit The Karate Kid, which transplants the post-Rocky template into China, doesn't leave you asking, "Why?"
The original was one of its year's best movies. The new one lacks the perfect freshness of that one; there aren't many surprises, as it follows the 1984 version almost point by point. But here is a lovely and well-made film that stands on its own feet.
For once, the term "reimagining" isn't an alibi for exploiting a familiar title; it's an apt description of how director Harald Zwart tweaks the original's strengths into something better.
Rises above the fact it's a remake and delivers the type of classic old school filmmaking we rarely see nowadays, delivering a solidly satisfying and entertaining experience.
The problem with the film is that that story, hackneyed when it first made it to the screen in 1984, has grown only more tired over the past 26 years.
... the best English-language performance ever by Jackie Chan... makes it hard to argue with the idea that remakes can, indeed, wring fresh life out of almost anything.
A grim, plodding, overlong affair, following the basic outline of the 1984 original without updating it in any meaningful way.
One thing Pat Morita brought to the original Karate Kid that the great martial arts clown Jackie Chan could never match -- surprise.
A beat-for-beat remake of the 1984 underdog story and almost as effective a crowd-pleaser.
The Karate Kid is fun, and believable, on the most important level: It convinces us that Jaden Smith has what it takes to fight his way to the top.
The Smiths aim for bigger box-office numbers by offering a secondhand fantasy that replaces academic hard work with the superficial amusement of martial arts self-defense.
Karate Kid is a perfectly fine movie. Just an unnecessary one.
A well-done and emotionally affecting remake of the popular 1984 film about a boy whose life is transformed by learning kung fu from a master teacher.
Given the dreck we've seen this summer, it's nice to be reminded of the virtues of clean storytelling and cultural curiosity.
While far too long, it's, nevertheless, wise, poignant and satisfying, delivering a timeless message across the generations and decades.
The main problem is that this version doesn't come from the heart, but rather from what can be gleaned and exploited. It's a classic example of too much and not enough.
This new Karate Kid bluffs its way through the motions and never manages to invest a shred of conviction in its banal paint-by-numbers stock plot.
Like the 1984 film, this version is formualic and pedictable, but and it lacks the warmth and vulnerability that Ralph Macchio generated in playing a screen hero that was new back then, even thouh Jaden Smith has charm.
There is the impression, deadly to the sense of fun, that the talent here actually thought they were remaking a classic.
It's just uncomfortable watching kids this age beat each other up to the point of serious injury; there's no one to root for in that.
The good news is it may lead the young and dumb to the original 1984 film, one of the finest pieces of cinema ever constructed.
It's a sign of that pic's dramatic durability that Kid manages to be as absorbing as it is, despite its nearly 2 1/2-hour running time.
It's a measure of the times that the new version of The Karate Kid manages to be longer and bigger-budgeted than the original while having lesser impact.
There are worse things than marveling at beautiful cinematography and excellent fight choreography, and witnessing the acting rebirth of Jackie Chan.


@highlight

It may not be as powerful as the 1984 edition, but the 2010 Karate Kid delivers a surprisingly satisfying update on the original.