The moment that Tara Reid is shooting sharks out of the sky whilst hanging out of a plane, yeah, that's when the 'so-bad-it's-good' concept jumped the shark.
The creators of last year's surprise cult hit repeat the magic of their first outing.
A movie needn't be great to make you feel great. The latter alone can be enough.
It's a stupid, stupid movie, but also, in its own way, rather smart. Director Anthony C. Ferrante knows exactly what he is doing, and the results are as exceedingly amusing as they are entirely inconsequential.
Simply put, it's one of those TV movies that's so unapologetically bad that it is, in its own unique way, also pretty great.
It was definitely the second one, the big, spared-most-expenses sequel to the internet's favorite movie. Did it have highlights? Sure. Did it have lowlights? I can't remember. Will there be more of these? Count on it, dude.
In a Rocky Horror sort of "so bad it's good" kind of way, Sharknado 2 is pretty fun in its silliness.
Ridiculousness. Super-ridiculousness. Mega-ridiculousness. Meta-ridiculousness. Love. Fireworks.
Because they put the pedal to the metal and go full, screaming, bedazzled monkeypants crazy from beginning to end, it sort of works.
Kind of hilarious. Kind of silly. Mostly a game of spot-the-cameo players and teasing about what moment a certain chainsaw will come in contact with certain bodies.
Sharknado 2: The Second One is bad, and that's good. Well, it's meant to be bad, in a good sort of way.
Sharknado 2 doesn't need any jokes about jumping the shark.
"Sharknado" was far from the most amateurish of the Syfy originals, but it had a "Let's put on a show" roughness. "Sharknado 2" at times threatens to look like a real movie.
(While)it will never survive under serious scrutiny, the fact that Sharknado 2: The Second One succeeds just proves that there's no stopping a satisfyingly stinky slice of cinematic cheese.
I can sit here and tell you the million and one ways Sharknado 2: The Second One is a pitiful failure, but that doesn't really matter since we'll be in the same situation next year discussing yet another Sharknado.
As hard as we howled at the ghastliness being projected on the wall above us, I didn't see anyone at the Sharknado party who was giving the film his or her full attention, especially after the first 30 minutes.
Syfy's made-for-TV movie Sharknado 2: The Second One is just as bad as the original Sharknado, which means it's just as good. It's the perfect way to kill two hours with one's brain in sleep mode.
Sharknado 2 isn't aiming for that kind of subtlety, as the tone leans more toward thrills and action rather than tension and fear.
As an outrageous entity, it holds absolutely nothing back.
In other words, if you're in the Sharknado fan club, you'll probably like the sequel. If not, you'll probably ignore it and watch something else. In either case, enjoy.
Sharknado 2: The Second One is the same as the first and that's all fans of the series should want and expect. It delivers bite!
Unfortunately, the movie doesn't really do anything truly memorable with all these [guest stars], as if just getting these actors to show up were enough. That's largely true of the sharks as well.
While I kind of love the opening sequence, Sharknado 2 drags for a large chunk after that and, honestly, doesn't have enough insane action to really say it completely works as B-movie escapism.
The overall effect isn't quite intoxicating, and it might be better if you're intoxicated in one form or another.
For the most part, it's a serviceable sequel that tackles a difficult task as best it can by making a film that is several levels more absurd than the first.
Aside from a few clever moments, the creatives haven't managed to bridge the gap between blood-spurting exploitation and winking genre parody.
The Second One is also more predictable, silly and self-conscious of the legacy -- absurd as it might seem to use the word "legacy" anywhere near a review about Sharknado.
Fasten your seatbelt for a wicked homage. This Sharknado is the very definition of scared silly.
Usually, follow-ups to goofy films like the first Sharknado suffer because the makers are too conscious of the original. In this case, though, they just don't seem to give a shark.

@highlight

The schlock factor for Sharknado 2: The Second One is not as entertaining as its predecessor's, though fans of the brand will likely enjoy it.