It is highly inventive, but rather disappointing.
Who the hell knew you could deliver real scares by blending horror and cyberspace?
You end up following illogical plot points, and want to see just how the story ends. The pay-off is goofy, sure. But it's still a good film to catch up on a late night with friends over.
Unless you're a hardcore horror nerd, Unfriended is not essential viewing. But it is a surprisingly decent film, and the real-life framework for the narrative gives the movie a little extra punch.
The entire picture takes place on one of the protagonist's laptop - is the only original thing going on. The rest consists of tiresome Dead Teen clichés that have haunted movie theaters since the days of Halloween III.
The spinning pinwheel of death now has blood on its rainbow segments. Unfriended is your actual digital nightmare come to life.
There are some noteworthy thrills amongst a plethora of urgent details.
Unfriended is a well-executed, refreshingly innovative little horror movie featuring teenagers behaving the way teenagers actually behave.
...takes seemingly benign, everyday technology and turns it into a vehicle for menace.
[Cursed with] the common horror movie problem of being unintentionally hilarious.
Little more than digital noise.
Unfriended - previously titled Cybernatural and Offline before that - is the latest cyber variation of the tireless found-footage horror subgenre which fails to bring anything new or novel to the table.
The conceit proves surprisingly inventive and gripping rather than just a gimmick.
The irony of Unfriended is that its target audience is also the social target of its scorn.
A surprisingly decent little horror film...
Unfriended hit me out of left field and in the best possible way. I was expecting an empty-headed teen horror flick that would rely on cheap jump scares but, instead, Gabriadze creates a palpable sense of tension that's creeps up on you throughout.
Unfriended manages to make the genre and the story its telling feel as fresh and as frightening as a text message reading "we need to talk."
At a time when some people feel they can get away with saying horrible things online, it's a clever idea to have something out there dishing out payback.
Unfriended is extra-timely. Yes, per formula, it shows that these kids' excesses lead to the same results suffered by other kids in other horror movies. But there's also something specific about the logistics of excess in Unfriended.
The script by Nelson Greaves leaves the cast of teenage archetypes vague and underdeveloped, even for this kind of horror flick.
As silly as the premise might sound, Unfriended is actually a surprisingly clever movie. It's far smarter and meaner than it looks.
It's a premise that seems ridiculous until you start to realize it might actually be brilliant, or at least charmingly clever.
A nifty little shocker that leverages today's plugged in experience to excellent effect.
Unfriended exercises control over a viewer's attention in a way few other slow-build horrors can match.
Very original storytelling. [Full review in Spanish]
Unfriended portends a revolution, but it's click-bait after all.
Filmed in long takes with the cast in separate rooms in the same house, and with good enough performances from the youthful ensemble (no matter how much you might loathe the characters), this is pretty tense, scary stuff.
Unfriended isn't exactly groundbreaking but at least it attempts to revitalize a genre that had grown annoyingly stuck in its ways.
The oportunity to become a really horrifiying was just a click away, but the script falls short and delivers dull scares. [Full review in Spanish]
A film with credibility and aware of his own era but mostly effective in its main missions: amuse, thrill us and to take us to the edge of the seat. [Full review in Spanish]
A story we've seen a million times in the genre, but with unexpected turns and an innovate way of storytelling that will capture the audience. [Full review in Spanish]
Wraps a simple, scary story inside of a decidedly contemporary package.
Unfriended takes full advantage of social media and other apps to create a believable universe that feels close and ordinary to contemporary audiences. [Full review in Spanish]
Even though it's story is kind of generic... Gabriadze's delivery is interesting and innovative. [Full review in Spanish]
An original story about cyber-bullying and guilt. I liked it.[Full review in Spanish]
Unfortunately, it's innovative presentation isn't enough to justify a predictable and forgettable story. [Full review in Spanish]
"Unfriended" is an experiment that was bound to happen, it's a shame the movie is so uninteresting. [Full review in Spanish]
At times it feels like an after school special about cyber bullying. [Full review in Spanish]
Unfriended is a perfect representation of the teenage angst created by technology on modern day life. [Full review in Spanish]
"Unfriended" asks us to spend 83 minutes looking over someone's shoulder at a computer screen. In this tech-fabulous world, we already stare at too many computer screens.
A mediocre film that mixes elements of "Open Windows" with a typical ghost story. [Full review in Spanish]
Better than most "found footage" films, but still far from a good movie. [Full review in Spanish]
I wouldn't call it brilliant horror, but it is effective horror... and if you squint at it right, it actually has something to say about the world we live in.
Admirable effort keeps you watching, but the gimmick does run out
From director Levan Gabriadze and writer Nelson Greaves comes a truly striking 21st century thriller.
The movie doesn't always make sense and isn't terribly scary or suspenseful.
I'll admit the film held my attention but I left the theater unsatisfied, which I think will be a common reaction among those not within the demographic niche for which the production was mounted.
While it looks done on the cheap, it's effective; who knew the classic 'cabin in the woods' could be reworked as the chatroom online?
The screengrab gimmick is smarter than the mundane pattern of screaming teens and gory deaths set up by the premise.
By turning the movie screen into a laptop, Gabriadze flattens the picture as surely as if he were an artist experimenting with painting in the 1950s; the lack of the illusion of depth makes each portion of the 'canvas' of potentially equal interest.
Unfriended uses everyday audio and visual screen iconography, which take on a whole new chilling dimension and whacks up suspense levels tenfold.
Unfriended starts to creak by the end, even as the tension is ratcheted up to a hysterical peak, but it's neither bloody nor charged by adrenalin. With the participants sitting at desks or on beds it has a curious inertia.
The more you know about how Facebook, Skype, messaging and YouTube work the more deeply appreciative you'll be about just how clever the screenplay is and how precisely its been brought to life.
Well acted, full of tension, and even better full of grisly fun. This one is a winer.
This is the closest exploitation cinema has come to capturing the hive-like buzz of online life in all its invasive intimacy.
To be able to tell a story from entirely within the narrative limitations of a few windows on a computer screen is actually quite an achievement.
This tale of online revenge is amusing in spots but rarely scary, and its shelf life is destined to be pretty short given the rapid evolution of social media.
This is clever, even poignant stuff. Oldies as well as adolescents will find themselves intrigued.
[The film-makers'] greatest achievement in this high-end exploitation is to retain a position on the moral high ground while bloody mayhem rages around their feet
A gimmick is stretched beyond breaking point in an initially clever but ultimately exhausting horror film.
Fresh, original and genuinely ingenious...Easily stands alongside the original Blair Witch Project and the best of the Paranormal Activity films as a prime example of using household technology to mediate a nerve-jangling frightfest.
In the cinema, the static setup, fuzzy, pixellating Skype faces, and the parps of incoming messages all become profoundly irritating.
For all its flaws, by injecting the sinister into something we are all familiar with, Unfriended manages to deliver a uniquely unnerving tone in a surprisingly traditional way.
Russian director Levan Gabriadze breathes digital life into the hackneyed "found footage" concept by placing the action in this revenge thriller solely on one teenage character's computer screen.
Unfriended is genuinely innovative and experimental.
Being up to date is not the same thing as being on the ball, and Unfriended could afford to be cleverer.
There's little less compelling than a vague evil spirit with loosely defined powers doing random 'scary' things as required by the script.
Credibly using actual programs rather than made-up ones, Unfriended makes hay with such cultural ephemera as the "memorialise" function for a Facebook account, which enables the pages of deceased friends to have an afterlife.
Unfriended is from a new generation: film-makers who now have the web in their bloodstream, for whom online interaction is a natural part of life. They've used a new language to create a smart, ingenious, subversive and scary movie.
The main achievement of this gimmicky horror is that it manages to hit all of the essential scary movie beats as the story unfolds in real time on a computer screen...
It does for Skype what The Blair Witch Project did for forests.
Even her Spotify account becomes possessed. Yes, the killer is calling from inside the house... music playlist.
It's well done but whether the concepts of betrayal as depicted by this nasty snuff revenge movie is a positive influence for the young target market, is questionable
Unfriended happens to be a pretty good time.
As a way of tackling the dark and disturbing side of social networking, this is a fair effort, with the cautionary aspect of bullying having consequences coming across effectively.
A series of disappointingly tame confrontations involving a lot of video interference and shrieking.
Painfully unscary.
Go home, Skype somebody, call them a name, and watch them rant and rave about it for 82 minutes. It would be more entertaining than this poor excuse for a movie.
You feel some mild critique of lives lived through web applications. What you don't feel is sustained visceral fright.
Listen to the film's message: Don't cyberbully or you could unleash the ghost in the machine.
It's a very American-teen spook show, with the tired tropes of the unseen-slasher film firmly in place.
You might find yourself rooting for the murderer.
A Ghost in the Machine Haunts "Unfriended."
If you can give yourself over to the idea of Unfriended,you'll find it's surprisingly engrossing and really quite clever.
What we end up with is a bunch of truly unpleasant, self-absorbed teenagers yelling at each other on Skype -- all recorded in grating lo-fi to maximize the headache-inducing annoyance value.
Even with an 82-minute running time, cracks start to show. One of the key problems with the script is that every single character is so utterly obnoxious and morally bankrupt that you start to relish their increasingly nasty deaths.
Flashy yet unnerving, delving into internet-obsessed teens' daily digital lives...
Stultifyingly stupid...It's dificult to care about the demise of characters in a horror movie when they're all already brain-dead.
Revenge as a dish best served pixilated!
... a cyber-chiller twist on Agatha Christie's 'And Then There Were None' ... creates a claustrophobic sense of inevitability even as it has us glancing nervously over our shoulder.
If you thought the shakey-cam hell of "found footage" horror was hard to take, prepare yourself for pixelated purgatory.
Perhaps director Gabriadze and writer Nelson Greaves intended to create a Social Media "Scream" and a commentary on cyber-bullying, but "Unfriended" comes across as disdainful of millennials.
It's not the B-movie gore death scenes that make Unfriended squirm-inducing, it's how it taps in and holds on tight to how annoying the Internet and computers can be, especially when they're being tinkered with.
Even though Unfriended begins to cheat, springing loud noises and gory cutaways that can't be explained, there's a rigor to its dopey, blood-simple conception that you might smile at.
Finally Hollywood has figured out how to get teens off the internet and into theatres. Make a movie that takes place ENTIRELY in front of a computer screen. But after 82 minutes you may feel a migraine coming on .
Unfriended is a spooky ghost story parable that will (only) be fun for those who grew up in the era of the online social jungle.
More of an interesting formal experiment than a successful narrative.
Delivers some truly unsettling jolts with a minimum of effects and what was surely a micro-fraction of the budget of much bigger, bloodier, more bloated horror flicks.
While the premise of being a voyeur to a private chat session sounds gimmicky, Unfriended's actually an innovative method to connect with a generation who've grown up online.
Translates horror conventions fluidly so that you hold your breath not when you're waiting for what's behind the door but for what's buffering.
The only thing more annoying than internet connectivity problems is seeing them simulated onscreen.
The premise and look of the film are admittedly innovative --- but this is not a scary movie.
Strangely enough, it works, and it can be quite gripping and chilling.
... A somewhat interesting experiment that ultimately fails.
while "Unfriended" is smart about how it uses the [online 'found' footage] device to tell its story, the story itself is poor programming.
Unfriended uses its subtle development of suspense to create genuine, well-earned scares, even if there are only a few.
Decidedly low-budget and low on true scares. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
Not only is Unfriended a much better film than you might have expected, it's a genuinely terrifying little ride and might just be a new horror classic.
Superficially, this is a horror movie, although its distinct lack of such important elements as mounting suspense and genuine scares forces us to think otherwise.
Unfriended is a by-the-numbers, scare-free slasher package that will likely test your patience for watching people yell at each other on Skype.
More than a cheap stunt.
If death invented the telephone, it probably invented the Internet infernal, too. Disconnect? The scariest thing is that we can't.
If it has a point about the way we treat people online, it's lost in an illogical ghost story that never bothers explaining itself.
Doubling as a horror suspense for the social media generation and the world's most effective anti-cyber bullying PSA, it's a fun thriller until its disappointing final act.
[Blaire's] atrocious spelling and grammar will no doubt annoy purists, but speaks to how srsly stressed she is. And something as simple as a pointer hesitating or pacing between two windows provides its own window into her motivation.
As a harangue about cyberbullying, it's purely exploitative, but when "Unfriended" zeros in on the whiplash mixture of freedom and torment we get from multitasking our online lives? It's srsly fun, imo.
A horror pic with a new gimmick that likely will spawn an entire subgenre of more substandard rubbish.
At times, "Unfriended" really clicks - but ultimately, it's a drag.
The efficient exposition is entirely composed of a LiveLeak video and half a YouTube clip. It's supremely goofy and not scary in the slightest, but the movie is speaking the right language.
You might want to take along your smartphone to keep yourself entertained.
It could have been better. Unfriended at least has an original premise and an interesting, claustrophobic physical setting.
The best thing about "Unfriended," beyond its funny-nasty title, is that it doesn't play as remotely dull as it sounds even if most of the drama takes place inside shifting, overlapping windows.
Younger audiences in particular are likely to enjoy this entertaining and fast-paced chiller. And who knows? They may even absorb the film's underlying message ...
Unfriended just about evolves beyond its gimmick but it's still nothing more than a run-of-the-mill horror flick.
Give this movie credit for trying something new - and flat-out committing to it. But just because no one's tried an idea before doesn't mean it's a great one.
A movie to be seen, if you can endure it-as a shrewd commercial venture, as an online opus that undoes your self-composure and, last and foremost, as a window on a mode of thinking that equates to a state of being.
The inevitable meltdowns feel unearned because of predictable, yet unmotivated, character turns. There's no one to root for, not even the dead girl. Nothing seems important enough.
Fresh and fearsome fun.
I kept hoping a power outage would hit their neighborhood, or some sort of natural disaster. Aren't the movies supposed to be a break from being online all the time?
One of the rare occasions where an aesthetic decision drives the experience... It lacks in the legitimate fear department, however.
Despite its imperfections, this is a smart entry in the horror genre, a film that isn't just about spooking its audience, but actually has something meaningful and urgent to say about the modern world as it stands in 2015.
Unfriended should be applauded for addressing a very serious issue in today's culture of anonymity-driven public shaming, but the fact that it's surrounded by so much stupidity weakens its message.
It's a mean, potent little movie.
It looks just beneath the surface of today's technology and discovers a place crawling with terrors all its own.
The filmmakers here completely commit to their gimmick, turning its limitations into benefits and exploiting the chosen technology for maximum effect. In the process, they hit the refresh button on the entire found-footage format.
It's interesting to wonder how the film will age, given the short shelf life of technology. In two years all this might seem as dated as a dial-up modem, technology not nearly advanced enough to support the action here.
Though not particularly ground-breaking-last year's Elijah Wood-starring Open Windows pulled the same trick, and much more ambitiously-we're still going to "like" the result.
Although directed with technical finesse by newcomer Levan Gabriadze, "Unfriended" starts shrill and only gets louder as it goes along.
It's basically Friday the 13th on a laptop, but the gimmick works like gangbusters. One request: Please Hollywood cybergods, no sequels.
It will be interesting after Unfriended ends its theatrical run and it can be viewed on a home computer. That will create the unsettling situation where the viewer is almost a new participant in this online game of supernatural cyberstalking.
It will surely cut close to the bone for many, as all the best horror movies do.
This isn't great cinema, folks. It's more of a novelty. But it's a cleverly constructed novelty.
"Unfriended" starts wearing out its welcome about 10 minutes before the end. But it's clever enough about social media to keep an audience engaged until then ...
Unfriended proves that you absolutely can make a movie that unfolds entirely on a computer. The question it doesn't answer is why you'd want to.
Unfriended is the one movie from 2015 you'll always be able to look back at and feel something of what life was like back when, even if you're not a cyberbullying white teen.
We need these teens to click clearly diseased links and bicker with one another while a ghost eggs them on. It's ridiculous, but when executed this competently, the absurd becomes riveting.
A great gimmick, but uncinematic and not as scary as you'd hope.
Neither as silly as it might look nor as terrifying as its "Titus Andronicus"-via-Mark-Zuckerberg set-up promises, it takes a high-concept yet bare-bones premise and milks it for all the jolts it can.
It hates millenials so much it could have been made by Ben Stiller's documentarian in 'While We're Young.'
...a modern take on Scream for the Skype generation.
While it's not a flawless fright flick, Unfriended gives us a good gimmick as byte-sized horror that's easy to 'like' before moving onto the next distraction.
Most horror fans will be delighted by strong, subtle performances, clever audience manipulation and a truly fresh and new approach to what had become a hackneyed genre.
Simultaneously clever and exasperating.
This is a movie for savvy Internet kids, and it feels savvy itself. Unlike so many other movies that make this attempt and feel ancient, [Unfriended] feels current.
In the end one would rather be back at one's own computer, tending to the tedious details of digital life, than watching this clique get pinged to death.
A clever spin on the found footage genre, and a tight little horror flick that's good for a solid scare or two.
Writer Nelson Greaves and director Levan Gabriadze do a decent job of creating genuine tension within the almost theatrical, proscenium-like arrangement of the computer screen.
When the genre-film spectacle arrives, it's in full force, and the strictures of the framing device manage to amplify, rather than suppress, the impact of the shocks and scares.
"Unfriended" is diverting and energetic and should be awarded points for attempting to be the Facebook generation's "Ringu," but it fails to create memorable characters and is awash in tired clichés and muddy mythology.
None of the slasher stuff is anywhere near as disturbing as the routine cruelty of the actual internet.
It's a gimmick movie, and like most gimmick movies [it] sometimes bends over backwards to make it work. But like the best gimmick movies the conceit never gets boring, and it actually has something pointed to say.
Unfriended is a terrifying cyber nightmare for today's generation of laptop-loving teenagers who think trolls are the worst thing the internet has to offer.
Unfriended is a smart, thrilling, and addicting byte of horror that's worth thinking about. It'll be awhile before your mind hits CTRL + ALT + DEL on this one

@highlight

Unfriended subverts found-footage horror clichés to deliver a surprisingly scary entry in the teen slasher genre with a technological twist.