All over the place and bland at the same time.
Sure, it's more sinister and gory (ridiculously so at times), but Del Toro's acting is a standout.
The Wolfman attempts to recapture the old school feel of monster movies, but ends up coming across as a film that was patched together by a group of people with very different ideas of what they wanted from it.
Who would have thought that only six weeks into 2010 we would have a contender for worst film of the year?
There is a better movie in here, lost in the edit and screaming to get out, but unfortunately, this Wolfman is howling at a moon that's only half-full.
The movie keeps the traditional look of the Wolfman and uses a mixture of practical effects and digital wizardry.
It truly is a modern spin on a classic, in almost all of the worst ways.
Given its troubled path to the big screen, The Wolfman (2010) is far better than it has any right to be.
I was dumbly entertained in spite of (or maybe because of) all that.
What's missing in this Wolfman is something timeless: the human cost that gives tragic meaning to the metamorphosis and potential cure.
Joe Johnston turns a classic monster into an anaemic bore.
The only thing scary about Joe Johnston's The Wolfman is that it exists. The fact that people, nay professionals, spent several years working on this picture genuinely upsets me.
I enjoyed it as a companion piece to the superior original...
A slick update of the monster movie classic, The Wolfman features strong imagery and performances, yet is lacking in animal instinct.
While The Wolfman often veers towards the realm of camp, no irony is to be found herein.
In the end, The Wolfman reminded me of a couple of people I have dated - achingly beautiful but emotionally barren, and just a tiny little bit scary.
Flounders in its stabs at epic action-horror grandeur.
It can't be a coincidence that all of the characters constantly talk about obligation. And Emily Blunt has the most telling line, "This place is impossible to escape." This was no doubt a professional edict for those on the set.
A glossy, good-looking production that never fully delivers on its promise of resurrecting one of the great movie monsters for a modern audience.
Like most of director Joe Johnston's work, solidly gets the job done as a brisk, bloody entertainment.
Lawrence's transformation is scary because he's a sympathetic character. ... His sophistication can't save him from reckless impulses. I risk making a fool of myself if I say this is timely and relevant.
This moody and violent remake has several terrific moments.
Gledatelje %u010Deka dobar %u017Eanrovski proizvod kojeg krasi iskusna gluma%u010Dka ekipa, vrlo dobro predo%u010Dena atmosfera goti%u010Dkog horora te dobri specijalni efekti
Benecio Del Toro is suitably brooding in this well-intentioned, credibly gothic and gory update that still feels only half right.
A lack of focus plagues the entire film. The director, writers and actor himself have conspired to render the title character blank, lifeless.
Hopkins is clearly Hopkins here, and the extension of his role in the story kept me asking why.
The action is fine. The casting is a bit of a disappointment. Paul Chambers, CNN.
...suffers from an egregiously deliberate pace that slowly but surely renders its overtly positive attributes moot...
A torpid retelling of the classic lycanthropy story, both bloated and constricted, mostly glum but punctuated with nasty, intrusive humor, and more interested in decor and makep than genuine style.
You couldve recast the whole film with a row of totem poles and I'm not 100% sure anyone would've noticed the difference.
The clumsy and ineffectual story doesn't do anything but stand in place, whirring.
An over-edited mess that tries to sell energy without having any -- it's listless and bland.
What fun. Lighten up and enjoy. The Universal monster film is back!
Um protagonista sem qualquer indício de personalidade, uma atuação sem qualquer envolvimento de Hopkins e um roteiro sem qualquer sinal de inteligência.
Love Anthony Hopkins, and Benicio is the right choice for the part, but the director blows it anyway.
works hard to honor the B-movie legacy on whose shoulders it stands while also elaborating and expanding the mythology
Despite the hairy production process, Universal Pictures has managed to rescue a half decent chiller in this remake of the 1941 classic B-grade Wolfman that starred Lon Chaney as the man turned beast.
Journeyman director Joe Johnston has crafted a generally effective if inconsequential monster movie, highlighted by Rick Baker's beautifully rendered makeup effects and designs.
Not scary, hardly compelling, and ultimately pretty silly. Lovely to look at, though.
Bite worse than bark bulletproof beasts without benefit of steroids, species profiling, paw to paw beatdown staged like a World Wrestling Federation bout with fur, and the manimal who came to dinner.
The Wolfman reframes the werewolf legend -- so weighty with communal perversity and collective guilt -- so that it's all about a very bad dad.
The new Benicio Del Toro movie, "Hirsute and Hatin' It" (okay, "The Wolfman"), is so ripe with the stink of fouled fromage, it should have taken place in France instead of Victorian England.
To mix monsters -- The Wolfman is one of those films that was put together like Frankenstein. With all the bloody musical chairs, The Wolfman should collapse. But the Wolfman has enough camp and verve to grab you by the throat. And maybe the funny bone.
An adequately respectful but fairly forgettable film, which earns brownie points for the werewolf mayhem, good intentions and simply for not being Van Helsing.
This is the rare blockbuster that offers its characters - and its audience - no shelter.
It's not insultingly dumb. That's refreshing in a 2010 horror pic.
Many hands labored on The Wolfman...yet nobody seems to have figured out just how to approach the material.
Horror fans won't be impressed by The Wolfman's crude editing; romance fans will feel unfulfilled.
Special effects and location shots can only get you so far when your cast looks like they're telegraphing their performances in.
Neither as bad as you've probably heard, nor is it anywhere near as good as I might have hoped.
Gloriously, exuberantly awful.
...pleasant surprise simply by virtue of not being as thoroughly awful as you expected. And yes, that's qualified praise. It means, nostalgic horror buffs give it a whirl and all others beware.
Gallingly leaden remake of the 1941 Lon Chaney Jr. classic both lives and dies by its transformations.
Dark and drab this movie looks like something made more than forty years ago. Somewhere Lon Chaney is howling.
Utterly uninvolving and never remotely scary.
A good film, well produced with great sound and guaranteed shocks.
An entertaining and surprisingly bloodthirsty creature feature with a superb performance from Del Toro.
This B-movie made on an epic budget is so over-the-top that the earlier you start giggling the better. Even though it's played dead straight, it's an old-style monster romp that couldn't be any more camp if it tried.
Nothing to howl home about - practically a lesson in pointless film-making.
A bad idea from the start.
The Wolfman is uninspired, barely coherent and often remarkably boring; it is a mongrel of a film, and the scars of its troubled production are all too visible.
Del Toro should have been perfect for The Wolfman, and it is his involvement in the project that attracted most critics to it, but his performance is mostly disappointing.
An uneven tone and the feeling of too many cooks mars the finished product, but there are moments of beauty and real terror.
With its mist-shrouded sets, gruesome slaughter and copious CGI, this is a surprisingly respectful updating of the 1941 Universal original.
The Wolfman is a shaggy dog story that's oddly easy to enjoy, for all that there are clearly manifest flaws to chew over. Ignore them and savour for what it is - meaty chunks of gothic silliness in a marrow-chilling jelly.
Del Toro looks about as dangerous as an urban fox snoozing in a compost bin and Blunt seems to be suffering from some residual Victorian queenliness. Looking in the mirror afterwards, I seemed pale from weariness.
For the most part, a ripping good time -- literally.
The pace is ponderous, the plot a confusion of secrets and lycanthropes, and the violence and gore excessive.
The Wolfman delivers plenty of scares and an abundance of eviscerations, but director Joe Johnston doesn't take the film anywhere unexpected.
While the special effects and occasional chase scenes might be enough to pacify the younger crowd, grown-ups will find it curiously bloodless.
It looks good, jolts often, and moves at a fair lick. And it certainly puts a silver bullet into the puffed-up were-wusses of Twilight.
An enjoyably bloody homage to Universal's classic hair 'em, scare 'em monster. There's plenty of gore and guts to cheer; it just needed more of everything else: heart, horror, affection and artistry.
A pleasing return to the studio's much-loved Gothic tradition.
The movie just can't decide what it is. It's part horror and part navel-gazing romance.
Digital delirium makes up for lack of plot novelty.
The magic appears to have deserted Mr Baker, because at the appearance of the hirsute fiend what I heard in the stalls wasn't gasps of horror but giggles of mirth.
There is more than a hint of the House of Hammer in a gothic yarn that favours florid melodrama, thunderous music and frantic pacing.
This has bags of visual flair and mystery so fans of classic horror should find it a suitably atmospheric watch.
The problem with this modern version of the old tale, however, is that it's basically a load of codswallop we can no longer swallow without choking.
Like Wuthering Heights meets Chewbacca with a migraine.
Despite massive production troubles including key personnel changes, elaborate CGI and substantial reshoots, this long-delayed update of a classic 1940s monster movie finally hits screens with an exuberant roar.
Even with its seasoned A-list cast, The Wolfman doesn't quite conjure the dark angst and the suggestive sensuousness of the Victorian horror tales it was inspired by.
Johnston's "Wolfman" a gory examination of repression.
The 2010 version is a creature of its time, unfortunately. It has little idea how to create tension, a liability that director Joe Johnston conceals with a high gross-out factor.
The actual Wolfman makeup looks great and you can see the actor through it. His movement as a biped is fantastic. Then they blend it to a silly animated running blur because that's how we roll in modern day visual effects.
The script has some very nice touches but goes over the top in the final act. In many ways it is much more a work of art than the original film, but the original will be remembered when this film is forgotten.
Rick Baker's fantastic werewolf creation, amazing production design and unexpectedly gory special effects save the film from the wolfsbane combination of wildly uneven acting and a rickety, middling script
To say there is nothing new about The Wolfman is to miss the fact that this is its charm.
hearkens back with great hope and poor follow-through to Universal's classic horror films
I don"t know whether to scream or to drop a fun-size 3 Musketeers into Benicio's pillow case.
Just like the duality of the Wolfman himself, there is a wild and crazy fun part to this movie and a serious, dull, lifeless partition as well.
The legend of the Wolfman has always been a premise in search of somewhere to go.
I'll give it a star and a half -- but only because I'm too professional to give it a full moon.
A barely coherent, often inconsistent film that fails to generate any of the emotions it so desperately wants to evoke
That Universal's visually sanguine yet emotionally bloodless revival of their most ferocious and most tragic movie monster is a complete stiff is beyond debate.
There's never a silver bullet around when you need to put a lame monster reboot out of its misery.
As for Hopkins, he's clearly indifferent to the whole project, and one suspects his eyes kept darting back and forth between the dopey script in one hand and the hefty paycheck in the other as he mulled over whether to accept the part.
The fundamental problem with the film is that it doesn't know whether it wants to be old-fashioned or cutting edge.
...A worthy romp through full moon nights. The original, 1941 version is still preferred, but 'The Wolfman's' director Joe Johnston pays grand homage while playing to the 2010 crowd.
Those pining for an Olde Tyme Monster Movie will find a solid balance between past traditions and modern sensibilities here.
Despite the a classic pedigree and a cast full of Oscar winners and nominees, the script credited to Andrew Kevin Walker and David Self never develops the characters into the first or second dimension, much less the third.
Wisually stylish and initially suspenseful, but too unevenly paced while deficient in surprises, imagination and palpable thrills.
What's missing from The Wolfman is what's hard to put on paper -- tension, suspense, emotion -- the elements needed to make this rather simple story go from more of a mild entertainment to something truly memorable.
Features Oscar winners Benicio Del Toro and Anthony Hopkins at their most take-the-money-and-run uninspired. That the film is set in the 1890s didn't prevent these two from phoning in their performances.
Unfortunately, there is too much "man," and not enough "wolf."
Sadly lacking in snarl.
Hopkins, Del Toro and Blunt do the best they can with the material. Thanks in large part to their performances, the movie never slips into full-on cheese territory.
Benicio Del Toro stars in this lushly art-designed 19th-century period film, but his beefcake-gone-bad magnetism is not enough to justify sitting through a movie that's full of sound, fury and unintentional camp -- and is still bafflingly inert.
Actors fulminate and masticate, spit, scowl and sob; what a gas it is to watch them overact with joy and conviction.
An ill-considered, utterly unnecessary remake.
The Wolfman, hokey and uneven though it is, [has] the kind of authentic emotional hook that too many horror movies today don't have.
Benicio Del Toro pulls off a nifty trick in The Wolfman: He makes turning into a werewolf look as dull as doing your taxes.
Anthony Hopkins portrays Sir John Talbot. Benicio Del Toro is prodigal son Lawrence. That's a great deal of acting sinew for an oddly anemic outing.
Consider The Wolfman a pedigreed genre yarn, mindful of its precedents but nimble enough to have a good time in the here and now.
Just in time for Valentine's Day. Apparently, nothing says "I love you" more than a big hairy werewolf biting somebody's head off.
An embarrassment to Universal's horror legacy.
As Talbot, Del Toro proves to be inspired casting... but as the brooding victim of "lycanthrophy," who fears and hates what it turns him into, he's perfect.
It's exactly what it's supposed to be: an upscale goth B-movie with dark humor and buckets of blood.
A mangled, short-sheeted stab at reanimating a horror icon, Wolfman is a mess; it's a poorly-stitched, overthought, ear-splitting bungle of a picture, dragging a few normally trustworthy filmmaking professionals down with it.
Wolfman...is all bark and very little bite.
I'd rather watch 'Teen Wolf' on repeat than yawn through 'The Wolfman' again. It's the type of movie where you can fall asleep for 20 minutes, wake up and realize you didn't miss a thing.
What does it say about The Wolfman that its token cleric is vastly less interesting than his broadly comic counterpart in Wallace & Gromit: Curse of the Were-Rabbit?
Stuffy and old-fashioned, taking itself way too seriously even at its silliest moments. - NERVE.COM
The Wolfman more closely resembles a slasher flick with an A-list cast than the Universal horror cycle that it derives from.
Baker's fantastic make-up effects together with great performances from Del Toro and Hopkins make this a fun experience. Don't expect an even plot and character development.
Parental Content Review
Glacial in tone, sluggish in pace, and lifeless in performance, the film is a dreary, uninteresting dullard.
While it's sleeker and more sophisticated than the Chaney version, this new Wolfman isn't any scarier.
Like buffalo meat, The Wolfman is a little too lean for its own good.
The root problem with The Wolfman is that it's a hybrid. It tries to fuse the gothic storytelling of the original with the violence and gore associated with modern horror.
This Wolfman is a howler but not in a good way.
It makes for a weird mishmash of macabre comedy, goopy romance, grisly violence, psychodrama and a movie in which individual scenes work, even if they do not work together.
Outstanding production design and heavy doses of gore render this a gleefully gothic tale, though the story could have used a bit more attention.
Even when things became so silly I should have laughed the director had my so firmly ensconced within his hairy paw I was willing to go just about anywhere he wanted to take me.
While this Wolfman redo certainly doesn't live up to its 1941 predecessor, it serves its purpose. That is, if you like a somewhat dull, Gothic story that only gets exciting once the guy grows hair and big teeth.
The metallic tang of blood is all over the elegant facade of this mysteriously disappointing, dispassionately underpowered story...
It feels rushed, meddled with; like a film whose ambitions were crushed in the editing room.
The violence is horrific, but it's not scary.
Wolfman is more a slasher flick than a monster movie. He moves like a locomotive and kills like Jason Voorhees, slashing throats, de-limbing, beheading and gutting with repulsive efficiency.
One of those incredibly frustrating works that has so many things going for it that it becomes almost painful to watch as it falls far short of what it might have achieved if it possessed a better screenplay as well.
Loved the production design, the cinematography, costumes, and Rick Baker's fantastic furry make-up, but The Wolfman overall didn't leave me howling with joy.
Might have been more crudely entertaining if so many people involved didn't try so hard to make it about more than werewolves running free.
The Wolfman is a tiresome film. It derives all its scares from sudden sounds and startling movements. Furry, fanged fiends leap at the camera from just offscreen so many times that it becomes positively monotonous.
Snarling and savage, yet ultimately silly. Where are those silver bullets when you need them?
In place of legitimate tension and suspense, The Wolfman features more cheap jump scares and loud scary noises than every J-horror film ever made put together.
It doesn't know whether it wants to be dark and moodily glamorous or ridiculous and gory -- it's a creature feature suffering from extreme class consciousness.
"The Wolfman" is not only a roller coaster ride of horror but a fitting and worthy tribute to the original.
A film that begins in an eerie gothic mist of suggestion-and turns into a toothless exercise in the obvious.
Unfortunately, the gore is now the most exciting part; the other stuff somehow just lies there, without ever inviting us in.
...a surprisingly effective update that respects the gothic tradition yet jolts with restrained gore and surrealistic drug-induced nightmares.
A well-acted horror story with a sophisticated screenplay that, unfortunately, waters the seeds of violence, prejudice, and speciesism within us.
The title character in The Wolfman suffers from a vexing identity crisis, and so does the movie.
Equal parts gorefest and borefest, The Wolfman is not the unmitigated disaster that many were expecting %u2026 or even, let's admit it, hoping for.
Werewolves have perennially taken something of a back seat to vampires, ghosts, aliens, and, recently, zombies in the imaginations of horror filmmakers and fans, and this dreary effort will do nothing to change that.
The Wolfman bites, but not -- I think -- in the way the filmmakers intended.
When the beast is finally revealed, he's fearsome. Too bad the story's not.
A lavish coffee table book of a horror film, The Wolfman features visuals so beautifully planned and executed that each frame begs to be lingered over and savored.
Hopkins is in his element and, as usual, incredibly fun to watch. He's a bit heftier than Hannibal Lecter, but the dangerous twinkle is still there.
The studio definitely wasn't sitting on a hidden gem. Wolfman is predictably gory but distressingly low on scares and style.
There's not much to recommend this dull, cheerless and not very scary re-imagining of the classic 1941 film.
The Wolfman is hardly O'Neill, but it always had subtexts of alpha-male dominance, sexual repression, compulsive behavior and father-son feuds. Johnston runs so fast away from all of it you'd think it was wolfsbane.
Del Toro's Lawrence isn't that interesting or that sympathetic, and the estranged father-son dynamic that's introduced doesn't work.
The Wolfman is not a teen, thank the Hollywood god in charge of movie icons, but Del Toro's god-awful wig was scarier than the gorefest!
It's more good than bad, and when it really gets its wolf on, it does so with a shaggy, deranged glee that left me laughing.
A misty, moody Saturday-matinee monster-chiller-horror special that hits the same sweet spot for moviegoers of a certain age (cough) as those snap-together Frankenstein model kits from the late 1960s.
A few stray livers and severed heads aside, this is a monster too polite for its own good.
After a troubled production, the remake of the horror classic finally arrives in theatres decidedly worse for the wear.
Everything is bad -- the awful script, Joe Johnston's un-atmospheric direction, and the acting, which contains enough ham to meet the protein needs of an entire pack of wolfmen.
There's a dispiritingly rote and uninvolving air about The Wolfman that keeps the movie from being the slightest bit frightening for anyone old enough to see it.
The Wolfman boasts a solid principal cast from Del Toro to Hopkins and up-and-comer Emily Blunt, but Del Toro especially seems to be going through the motions at half speed, as if waiting for the beast and the stuntmen to take it from there. Only H
It believes what it's peddling regarding silver bullets, ivory fangs, full moons, and peat-mossed British moors soaked in crimson blood. But it's faithful at the expense of any fun.
Victorian melodrama and outrageous gore make horrific bedfellows in this ill-conceived homage to the classic monster movies of yore.
There's a lot to appreciate in the shaggy, imperfect but still fun new version of The Wolf Man.
Nothing can prepare you for the unrelenting awfulness of The Wolfman.
Neither scary enough to be exciting nor campy enough to be amusing.
This isn't the utter disaster the misguided Van Helsing was, but neither is it the stealthy, Hammer-esque dark night of the soulless that it was clearly intended to be.
Compared to Van Helsing, this is fairly satisfying.
... a welcome return to the classic Universal monster movie.
Scary and fun and thrilling, The Wolfman brings the Universal Monsters back to the screen in a way that's fitting and modern and still respectful.
When all you can deliver is an expensive, effect-heavy horror flick that's just plain boring, it's time to rethink things a bit.
This been-there-mauled-that monster movie gets points for being loud and rather bloody, but it still hasn't found a way to make werewolves interesting.
Victorian clothing, things that go bump in the night, and Anthony Hopkins in a tiger-skin robe rattling around an oversized mansion, chewing the scenery. What's NOT to love?
The Wolfman constitutes a pleasant surprise, if "pleasant" can be used to describe a brooding $100 million-plus diversion with this many beheadings and eviscerations.
Johnston's direction sidesteps suspense to deliver a surplus of tactless, out-of-nowhere jump scares that are more irritating than frightening.
The finale is like watching Mexican pro wrestling, except instead of wearing colorful masks, they're covered with fur...it doesn't suck, but it doesn't have much bite, either.
In any event, The Wolfman makes a satisfactory date movie for Valentine's Day, which is more than can be said for Valentine's Day.
While The Wolfman has some really proud moments, ultimately it feels like a Franken-film... In short, when the Wolf Man wasn't ripping off people's heads -- it was unbearably boring.
At times it is a visually sumptuous, updated love letter to the classic film which inspired it; at others it seems a muddled mess.
I never would have guessed that I would say this, but The Wolfman could have benefited from less Del Toro and more CGI.
Nothing wrong here that a silver bullet couldn't fix.
You know a horror film's in trouble when the morning-after scene is more satisfying than the 'night before.'
The new film is consummately made, with superb make-up and effects, again by Rick Baker.
Congratulations Universal - you made Van Helsing 2.
A rambling, pseudo-Freudian house of horrors, with lots of things to jump out of us and look creepy but virtually nothing that's truly scary.
If you're going to remake a classic movie, The Wolfman is an excellent example of how to do it right.
A more emotionally expressive actor might have given us a more visceral connection to the legend than what the superbly mounted production provides.
Would that Joe Johnston's The Wolfman were spectacularly awful, then it would have been at least a fun time at the movies.
Feels like a filmmaker more concerned with making this grand-looking epic and less concerned with keeping modern horror lovers as riveted to the screen as the original did back in its day.
"An American Werewolf In London" still retains its title as the best werewolf movie ever made.
The action scenes are pure kinetic motion, which is what Johnston is best at; he fares less well when he goes for mood or suspense.
The Wolfman ends up a disappointment, then, somewhat interesting in places, but nothing to howl about.
A brooding but dramatically muted reboot of the classic monster-movie franchise, director Joe Johnston's action-horror film oozes Gothic atmosphere without supplying any character to fill it.
Not so much howlingly bad as it is disappointingly lifeless.
Snore, snore, fur, snore, snore, blood.
By pandering to the Avatar market's debased taste and indifference to storytelling details, this technically polished, emotionally crude remake sets back the advances that once had been made in horror movies.
"Why so serious?" would be an excellent question to direct at the makers of The Wolfman, a high-toned, bloody but otherwise bloodless effort.
Del Toro gives his least mumbly performance in years, Blunt provides the film with a little heart and Hopkins delivers the laughs.
There's more emotion in the monster's howls, which were created by a baritone opera singer, than in Del Toro's monotone mutterings.
Lycanthropic lore, and lots of gore.
Decent production values and makeup can't compensate for the dramatically inert text, made worse by banal dialogue even gifted Del Toro can't help, and helmer's little understanding of the genre, the anxiety, fear, fun it has offered viewers for decades.
Johnston sacrifices originality for computer graphics and stop-motion camera tricks, and the script, by Andrew Kevin Walker and David Self, bulges with real howlers: "I didn't know you hunted monsters." "Sometimes monsters hunt you!"
If you like your horror with a bit of B-goodness and nostalgia added for flavour, then The Wolfman is right up your alley.
The poor pacing, blatantly obvious narrative signposting and over-reliance on false scares generated by sudden sounds and movements, removes any chance of The Wolfman actually being frightening.
Written and crafted with great sensitivity, this is high class gothic horror
Splattered with the blood of authenticity, this is an impressively executed genre film spiked with scares, tension and pathos as we enter the surreal world of the tortured werewolf

@highlight

Suitably grand and special effects-laden, The Wolfman suffers from a suspense-deficient script and a surprising lack of genuine chills.