Bland and shallow satire on being a college grad nanny on Manhattan's Upper East Side for a dysfunctional rich couple.
It could have been much stronger if it were just a tinge more wicked instead of being primitively moralist right at the end in the name of maternal love -- I mean, I still have mommy issues.
For viewers who thought The Devil Wears Prada was way too hard-hitting
Stalled out in mediocre-land, and choices like the narration, the overbearingly cutesy art direction and costume design, and even preserving the convention of calling them Mr. and Mrs. X pulled you out of the story and dragged it down.
Here's hoping that the very talented [Shari] Springer [Berman] and [Robert] Pulcini get a crack at a script that's worthy of their talents for their third time at bat.
...can't help but come off as something of a disappointment...
By painting with too broad a brush, Nanny gets laughs at the expense of any sort of deeper commentary the filmmakers were obviously hoping to achieve.
Suficientemente divertido e tocante para merecer uma recomendação %u2013 mesmo que reconheçamos claramente o maniqueísmo empregado para alcançar estes efeitos.
Girlfriends Scarlett and Alicia Keys rule, with plenty of wise and candid back talk from the army of immigrant nanny lifers, who view Scarlett's nanny skeptically as a temp tourist in the exploitative, luckless biz.
With Laura Linney and Paul Giamatti bravely acting their brains out...
The Nanny Diaries is ultimately as shallow as the Upper East Side society it skewers, but more damaging is the lack of a truly dynamic star turn or romance that can turn these kind of movies into rainy day cable-TV staples.
A smart, well-acted bit of froth.
If you have a cast which includes Scarlett Johansson, Laura Linney and Paul Giamatti, you ought to give them something better to work with than this botched adaptation.
Amazing cast, abysmal movie.
But satire and emotional drama do not mix. When we giggle at the selfish enormities of this family's lifestyle, we cannot be expected to weep for Johansson's lonely hearted childminder.
This is supposed to be satire. But it is satire that behaves so predictably it isn't worth studying.
If Sofia Coppola were given a lobotomy and asked to remake The Devil Wears Prada for the au pair profession, she might have produced something like this horribly pleased-with-itself childcare comedy.
Despite that frequently saccharine tone, It's worth catching for Linney's ice-cold performance and a wonderfully snakey Giamatti.
Batten down the hatches; here's a film that really blows.
The wholesome child-friendly lessons made me feel queasy.
Berman and Pulcini's comedy drama isn't as funny or as clever as it thinks it is, but it remains watchable thanks to strong performances from Laura Linney and Scarlett Johansson.
Like The Devil Wears Prada, this film's kicks come from watching the foibles and quirks of the uber-rich through an outsider's eyes, but the genuine sadness on display in the Nanny Diaries saves this film from being just a Prada knock-off.
A straightforward and mostly forgettable coming-of-age drama.
Johansson is no Anne Hathaway in this pleasant but forgettable comedy.
The conclusion is desperately trite, but Linney's performance helps this comedy - based on a novel by two nannies, take note - feel like a credible peek behind very expensive curtains.
While there aren't any tour-de-force performances, Nanny is still modestly entertaining.
Sadly, The Nanny Diaries' focus on beleaguered women doesn't lead to any sense of "freedom."
It's the sharp acting that almost makes us forget the over-familiar storyline.
It may be ready-made Oprah Book Club fare, but this adaptation of the novel by former nannies Emma McLaughin and Nicola Kraus is fun, even if it is occasionally shallow.
Johansson displays ample warmth and charm in her first true leading lady gig.
Admittedly, there were specific scenes that I felt were wonderfully performed and photographed...but I felt no overwhelming emotions.
Banal and disappointing, this screen adaptation of the satirical chick-lit novel misses so many chances to be funny and makes 'perfection' look pretty bleak.
The problems with this light romantic outing don't ruin the entertainment value.
While it's entertaining, well-acted, and professionally mounted, better time could probably be spent with our own families than watching someone take care of someone else's.
Every character in The Nanny Diaries is ill-defined, including Johansson's floundering nanny. Exhibiting a dull to puzzled expression, Johansson gives a shapeless performance in an embarrassing misfire of a movie.
On the upside, we get a closeup of Johansson's panties, which should be worth the price of admission for many.
A miserable little film that wastes good acting talent by handing them a screenplay that misses the mark big-time.
fully deserves its late-summer time slot dump.
Even a high-powered cast proves unequal to the task of breathing life into these bloodless, lazily conceived phantoms.
Here's an average comedy about a nanny that's a little naughty, a little nice, and a little above average
An agreeable time at the movies even if it's not anything like a great movie.
Those with deep pockets sometimes have shallow hearts. The post-college lurch can be a panic zone. And the only shocker in "The Nanny Diaries" is that there's not one sprig of chest hair to be seen on a shirtless Paul Giamatti.
Pure vanilla: neither funny nor romantic -- sad not uplifiting.
The Nanny Diaries, despite many bright moments and a superior level of craftsmanship, is now a flabby urban fairy tale.
While the film has its bright moments, The Nanny Diaries never effectively gets a good read on the subject.
The Nanny Diaries delivers some highly entertaining moments but I expected so much more from Berman and Pulcini at the helm of this adaptation.
Acerbic and cutthroat in all the right places, along with truthful, savvy, and consistently entertaining.
With [Linney], the film receives some badly needed dimension to its thin satire, not to mention the lion's share of the laughs.
...a cutesy albeit entertaining look at high society childcare
This is the sort of ho-hum production that will likely seem less disappointing on a smaller screen.
TV material. Kelly Rippa should have played the nanny, Kathie Lee Gifford should have played the Laura Linney role, Verne Troyer should have played the kid--and a mutt should have played that dog.
A bouncy, vaguely Little Red Riding Hood-ish sort of tale.
This is such a chick flick that prolonged exposure could be injurious to a man's health.
Whatever its faults are, The Nanny Diaries is hardly the disaster that the gossipmongers -- including, perhaps, even the studio that made it -- want us to believe.
A clever, satiric novel turned dull-witted movie.
A film that is even more lightweight and clichéd than the fluff that was the best-selling book.
The movie belongs to Linney, who brings a full-blooded dimension to what could have been a misogynistic cutout. Holding one's own opposite her is no mean feat, but Johansson acquits herself well.
What puts The Nanny Diaries a cut above the run-of-the-mill romantic comedy is the acting.
A movie that is much better than a slick adaptation of a best-selling novel has any right to be.
The Nanny Diaries plods along pointlessly to its flat conclusion.
There's a heart-sinking moment early in The Nanny Diaries when it becomes apparent that every literary gimmick that seemed arch and clever in the bestselling novel of 2002 is going to fall horribly flat in the worst movie of 2007.
There's something painful about watching Scarlett Johansson, who looks as if she never had an indecisive moment in her life, struggle to seem ineffectual.
Fans of the novel might consider this tired movie a wasted opportunity. For everyone else, it is just a waste of time.
These Diaries devolve into an outraged, sad-eyed social commentary that condemns New York's people of privilege and their rich, child-neglecting ways, but doesn't really let us laugh at them.
A misguided film that veers between extremes in sentimentality and misanthropy.
Locked down in a celluloid prison cell marked The Nanny Diaries for 105 punishingly awful minutes, I was seconds away from crying 'Attica' and leading a tactical assault on the projectionist's booth when the words 'The End' appeared on screen.
Despite some clever early fantasy scenes, Shari Springer Berman and Robert Pulcini's adaptation of best seller The Nanny Diaries won't make Bridget Jones give up her writing.
"The Devil Has a Nanny" should have been the title of this "Devil Wears Prada" knock-off that squanders the talents of everyone associated.
A sleek, handsomely made bauble buoyed by a cast much stronger than the flimsy material deserves.
The material is somewhat lacklustre, but the movie works because Johansson is so adept at comedy, and because she's willing to let Linney steal every scene she's in.
Too false to be funny, too pat to be real.
There's a good movie buried inside The Nanny Diaries, and a good cast trying hard to dig it out. Too bad they don't get much help.
There's a surreal tinge to The Nanny Diaries that works both for and against the film.
The Nanny Diaries has been rendered unexpectedly enjoyable and engaging by good casting and performances, and superior writing and direction.
the movie has softened up a story that wasn't exactly hard-hitting to begin with. Polished, pleasant and generally pedestrian...
This adaptation of Emma McLaughlin and Nicola Kraus' best-selling book has other problems, not the least of which is its rather unpleasant, patronizing tone and its one-note characterizations.
A horror film awkwardly disguised in the nondescript gray-green suit of a chick flick.
The movie itself is sort of bland and obvious and comfortable.
A surprisingly enjoyable piece of stereotyping adapted from the novel by Emma McLaughlin and Nicola Kraus.
This isn't life. It's Lifetime.
Wants to be a 'you'll laugh, you'll cry' kind of movie but is more like 'you'll snicker, you'll doze'.
The dialogue is fast and pungent, the pacing is suave and the production has a burnished glow to equal any of Woody Allen's most alluring odes to monied Gotham.
What lifts this movie above the usual run of dutifully sweet romantic comedies is the bright, fantasy-friendly sensibility of its two directors, Shari Springer Berman and Robert Pulcini.
Aside from the many implausibilities, and Scarlett Johansson's forced and sitcomish performance, this satire about spoiled millionaire mommies is ordinary and unexceptional.
Save the $10.00 and the 106 minutes.
...a pleasant late summer effort along the same lines as last year's The Devil Wears Prada.
As The Nanny Diaries wobbles along uncertainly, it rests on the tense, squared shoulders of Laura Linney.
Satire should be knife-sharp and whip-smart, and The Nanny Diaries never is.
Somehow they've gotten it all wrong, and considering just how brilliant and self-assured the couple's last outing American Splendor was their failure here is beyond disappointing.
The end result is a shrill and silly misfire that comes across like an exceptionally expensive piece of television%u2013either a sitcom or a Lifetime Original Movie%u2013than a real movie.
Carries the residue of something much harsher, something that was once there and scrubbed clean.
A pretentious movie trying too hard to be above it all and cute
able to coast on its working-grrl attitude and a couple of intelligent casting decisions
Any inadvertent class issues raised during the course of her attempt to find herself, love and career satisfaction are dispatched by pitting the deserving poor(-ish) against the suspiciously moneyed.
It's hard to account for the curious emptiness of The Nanny Diaries.
It's not exactly a Kubrickian essay of obsessive filmmaking mastery, but one can sense Nanny is going somewhere, instead of stumbling over mishaps and melodrama.
Director/screenwriters Shari Springer Berman and Robert Pulcini of the brilliantly innovative American Splendor seem to believe that a studio movie has to play it safe and the result is predictable and dull.
With the exception of Laura Linney's perceptive portrayal of Mrs. X...everything about this film falls flat beginning with Johansson's lead performance.
While the budding relationship between Annie and Grayer is sometimes heartwarming, the interactions between Mrs. X and her employee are frustrating.
The unfaithful film adaptation so undermines the novel's spiky social satire that it constitutes some kind of aesthetic crime.
The Nanny Diaries ultimately feels emotionally true to itself.
Although the novel was praised for its dead-on accuracy in portraying this high-end world, far too much of the movie is fantastical.
Wealthy New Yorkers don't often get skewered as mercilessly as they do in this comedy by writing and directing duo Shari Springer Berman and Robert Pulcini, but the audacity turns out to be deceptive and formulaic.
It sounds like the ultimate chick flick with crossover potential -- Scarlett Johansson learning a lot about life and a little about love in a film based on a cornerstone of chick lit -- but not even chicks will get much out of The Nanny Diaries.
A sour, stilted, graceless misfire that can't make its mind whether to be an edgy satire of class division or a feel-good feature-length sitcom.
Linney -- this has happened too much to her -- is once again the best thing in a movie that at most achieves a certain mediocrity.
Don't expect to slap your knee much, but actors and a smart script make it compelling.
The casting is all fine; everything else is pushy and out of joint.
We get a half-cocked martyr movie about a plucky prole sticking it to the corrupt bourgeoisie: Joan of (Central) Park.
An awful lot of good talent has been squandered in this by-the-numbers film version of the bestselling tell-all about the lifestyles and child-rearing habits of the rich residents of New York's Upper East Side.
Nanny Diaries, through a failure of either verve or nerve, stumbles almost as awkwardly as its heroine does into her child-minder gig.
Offer[s] several rewards of its own making, starting with the strong performances by Scarlett Johansson and Laura Linney.
If you've ever rushed your kids from preschool to swimming lessons while a granola bar in the car serves as lunch, this will be an irresistible guilty pleasure.
The Nanny Diaries -- though basically a light entertainment -- breaks movie culture's unspoken taboo against class consciousness.
Yes, there are wealthy New Yorkers as toxic as the X's, but by making them so one-dimensional that it threatens to strain the word dimension, The Nanny Diaries becomes as flaccid and predictable as something you'd expect from Hollywood hacks.
It's hard to watch Annie without dismissing her as simply weak or cowardly. She's not a bad person, but she's an empty vessel.
Everyone gets a cute nickname, a means for this amateur anthropologist to protect the innocent and maintain some semblance of objectivity while advancing tired stereotypes of what it's like to be made in Manhattan.
The real letdown comes from knowing that the film is from Shari Springer Berman and Robert Pulcini, the husband-and-wife writing-directing team behind the thrillingly inventive American Splendor.
A bevy of respectable talent is uselessly squandered in clumsy efforts at cunning, humor and pathos.
This new comedy rarely rises above standard sitcom fare, a bitter and ironic disappointment given the involvement of American Splendor writer-directors Robert Pulcini and Shari Springer Berman.
Satire that sputters when its characters refuse to grow out of caricature.
Deviating from the book, which is darker, offbeat and critical, the film is compromised, never quite finding the right tone in satirizing its Upscale Manhattan milieu, resulting in a work that's not satisfying as edgy indie or glitzy studio movie.
The movie shouldn't open in the Museum of Natural History but the Museum of the Moving Image -- with a display of chick-flick clichés through the ages.
The culture clash, or rather class crash that ensues as middle and upper mix uncertainly is far more insightful and, dare I say it, humane, that the usual take on such things.







@highlight

The Nanny Diaries ' miscast lead and unrealistic, one-dimensional characters make this class satire far less effective than it should've been.