...results in a much more attractive movie than the previous... [Full review in Spanish]
Hanks's Langdon still barely draws breath without waffling the same expository gobbledegook that made The Da Vinci Code such a plodding experience, but this time he does more than just walk and talk - he spouts and sprints!
Angels & Demons is housewife-targeted holiday read nonsense, given a Hollywood spit 'n' shine and go-faster stripes by a once-burned, twice-shy director desperate to make amends.
In many respects, Angels & Demons is a pretty straightforward terrorist-hostage film.
If The Da Vinci Code was characterized by people sitting at tables and talking, then this sequel-set film of the prequel book is characterized by people walking briskly and talking.
Taking a hint from past mistakes, Ron Howard and Tom Hanks return to the fanciful historical styling's of Dan Brown to create a much more entertaining and thrilling mystery, as science and religion, martyrs and heretics clash in Angels and Demons.
Tom cracks the code, again.
Angels & Demons isn't the complete shambles a lot of people wanted it to be. But then that probably isn't the greatest endorsement either.
Buena historia policiaca, donde el tema religioso lejos de servir de polémica a la turba enardecida, es simplemente el pretexto perfecto para generar un dinámico thriller que no le pide nada a una aventura del 007.
doesn't provide any coherent vision of the world
It appears that Ron Howard knew that he had to change the way everything was done in the previous film, and sending Tom Hanks to the barber was a very good start.
Angels & Demons struggles to maintain momentum as Langdon hurtles around Rome.
Glum adaptation
If 'the edge of your seat' is the place where you don't have to think, then Angels & Demons, I'm delighted and surprised to say, will take you there.
It [has] the sort of exposition that gives exposition a bad name.
Angels and Demons is a lot like Limbo, a place that exists between cinematic heaven and hell where the audience is suspended for two and a half hours.
Is mediocrity a sin? If it is, then Ron Howard and Tom Hanks should start the novenas now, because they're going to catch holy heck the next time they go to confession.
"Angels & Demons" earns its wings as an intelligent action movie.
Why are quality pros like Howard and Hanks involved in this enterprise? Do they need the money? Angels and Demons is sure to make plenty. But their artistic souls will do hard time in purgatory for it.
...too long and ponderous for its own good, but Howard and Co. gloss over or eliminate most of the more outlandish howlers in Brown's preposterous story.
There is little in the way of excitement. There is, however, plenty of ponderous hemming and hawing about the role of the Vatican in a forward-thinking society, and a host of supporting players whose intentions remain murky until the big revelation.
Call it the 'National Treasure' for adults: harmless, but engaging fun that even Catholics shouldn't get too worked up about.
It's easy to think of Ron Howard's new effort Angels & Demons as more of an apology than a movie.
It's enjoyable, toothless, and a disposable smartypants hero movie. These are rare enough that they deserve attention.
At one point Hanks can be glimpsed gasping for air, mid-endless-sentence. Has there ever been a flatter movie character played by a more innately likable star?
one wonders how much more engrossing its nick-of-time shenanigans would have been had we cared for the central character ... or even found him remotely interesting
Without a doubt, one of the worst movie franchises going right now. This is tedious Catholic torture porn!
Far too long, much too dumb.
A mess of a thriller without a single audience-engaging puzzle in sight.
Langdon ... comes off as a stuffy, self-important egghead with no sense of humor. He's no Indiana Jones.
It's true that Angels & Demons is a better movie than its predecessor, The Da Vinci Code. That's not saying much.
As an action picture, Angels & Demons is OK, nothing more.
I did not like The Da Vinci Code, but only because it was completely faithful to the book which I didn't like. As such, I never read Angels & Demons, but I can tell it's faithful too because it's exactly the same thing.
For all the hype and hurrah, Angels & Demons is a tame thriller, requiring several leaps of faith."
The new Ron Howard movie, "Chaos & Disorder"--sorry, "Angels & Demons"--is a sequel to 2006's "The Da Vinci Code," and like that latter film, the news surrounding it is as dull as the luster on Miss California's crown.
The chief problem is that the literary-historical elements of the story that so root it in detail are the same things that work against the film's time-crunch structure, which doesn't play convincingly.
At one point Langdon bellows, "I need a map showing all the churches in Rome!" which is a hilarious bit of dialogue because you might as well demand a map showing all the bars in Milwaukee. Then again, that would lead to a more entertaining movie.
A Harvard professor is an unlikely candidate for the hero of a summer blockbuster, and Angels & Demons demonstrates exactly why. The film is filled with talk, talk, talk.
Feels like nothing more than a cross between a Frommer's travel guide and a scavenger hunt, as Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon hits all of Rome's holy hot spots gathering up clues as if they were empty Dr. Pepper bottles or grimy 1992 pennies.
Un entretenimiento pasajero e inofensivo, que no admite el menor análisis respecto a una trama algo compleja, inverosímil, y que no da respiro.
As amusing melodrama, it's enjoyable flapdoodle.
Some parts of this movie come across as totally unbelievable, but it contains enough excitement and stunning cinematography to make it worth seeing.
A luridly compelling yarn that, for the purposes of the multiplex if not the pulpit or the laboratory, effectively bridges belief and reason.
Angels & Demons is a film for pilgrim sightseers - marvel at the Vatican's lovely paintings as another corpse turns up.
On the 'angel' side fast paced and exciting, but on the 'demon' side far fetched and a plot full of holes.
How come there's never a self-flagellating albino killer monk around when you really want one?
Antimatter and crosses. Science and religion. Angels and demons. You'll never guess, but it's more of a gray area than black and white. And for many of us, it's as close to Vatican City as we're going to get.
It's not his prose that makes Brown's novels such page-turners, it's that mix of thrilling conflict and old-world mystery. Take out the backstory and you basically have an empty episode of "24."
While both actor and director seem to be more than up to the challenge to prove they're fully engaged to the project this time around, the film is still undone by a last twenty or so minutes so horrible they're downright comical.
Makes a better book than a movie
This is not a good movie.
We're left to wonder, who in the Vatican can really be trusted? And also, will Ron Howard continue to make movies about a character who comes alive on the page, but sputters on the big screen?
If these movies made any damned sense, the public response might be no more than a yawn.
Catholics need not worry as "Angels & Demons" falls short in offering anything more to viewers than a lighter wallet.
It's a noisy ride and what you're looking at is pure hokum but for non-believers like me, there's more fun to be had from this express tour of Brown's obsessions than there was in The Da Vinci Code's ponderous progress.
...it's fun to watch Tom Hanks hoof it all over Vatican City for two hours, trying to save some cardinal from being licked to death by Illuminati puppies, or whatever...
Not much heresy hereabouts but timid apologies for negative Vatican history attempts to whitewash things that can't be denied nor diminished. Me? I prefer my Dan Brown unadulterated and I'm satisfied with most of it.
The basic plot is another chapter of The Da Vinci Code, but Ron Howard's direction is more even in this sequel.
It's tighter and more exciting than The Da Vinci Code, but still hampered by a rather thorough ridiculousness.
Dan Brown may not know much about history, religion or science, but the guy can spin quite a yarn.
As a cracking tale of code-cracking, Angels & Demons never really works. Howard doesn't create the drama of a great mind facing great challenges, struggling to see the truth as the clock ticks.
The movie progresses with the smooth patter and rapid movements of a conman gulling tourists with a three-card trick on Sixth Avenue or Oxford Street and there are fewer of those expository moments in The Da Vinci Code.
It's a fine action thriller with a historical plot, but I'd strongly advise fans to read the novel too. It fills out a much more detailed plot. For a bit of lightweight fun, though, you won't go wrong here.
Plucked eyeballs, Catholic jihad, swiped secrets of living matter, and egghead metaphysical sleuths without a clue.
Didn't President Obama put a ban on this sort of torture?
While slickly done, it is so patently absurd that a more appropriate reaction ought to be not disgust but a shaking of the head and a muttering of, 'Are you kidding?'
A lurid conspiracy murder tale that's decent for the first hour and then moves into the realm of the ridiculous.
De uma maneira absolutamente descartável, as obras de Dan Brown prendem a atenção e divertem. E é exatamente neste nível que opera Anjos & Demônios, novo filme de Ron Howard.
Tom Hanks chases the Will Shortz of sacrilege and death in Angels & Demons, which is better than The Da Vinci Code in every way but one. It's more fun, it's less dumb, but: it has no Ian McKellan.
What was most surprising about attending the opening-day, 9:45 A.M. screening of Angels & Demons was not that 200 or so folks had showed up, but how many of these attendees were wolfing down buttered popcorn for breakfast. Hadn't any watched The Biggest L
Much better than the Da Vinci Code, but this isn't exactly the definitive work on science vs. faith, either.
The Church sees the themes as anti-Catholic. I'm not sure about anti-Catholic, but church officials could make a strong case for anti-good filmmaking.
Thankfully the filmmakers get the tone right this time, with a lively romp that's not afraid to get a bit silly.
Eh..It's good.
Let no man be so crude as to accuse it of its predecessor's insipidity. Let us be forgiving, and say that it is merely weak. It is the vanilla soft-serve of summer adventure movies.
Oh Sister, I have such doubt. Doubt about an audience getting conned into taking seriously such a rickety piece of movie junk like this.
There's nothing heavenly about this bloated, windy movie.
A dumb, gorgeous popcorn chomper with a fabulous cast, for what it's worth, Angels and Demons is more enjoyable than its zillion-dollar sire, but that doesn't mean it's actually any good.
This tepid movie is purposely meant to be confusing, with red herrings, plot twists and double crosses. It ultimately turns into a long ordeal to sit through at a plodding 138 minutes.
A glum, by-the-numbers potboiler distinguished only by its admittedly handsome production values.
As far as I'm concerned, Angels & Demons is the first bona fide dud of the 2009 summer movie season. A typical walk up the aisle to receive communion is more exciting than this movie.
This is what Transformers might have looked like without the giant robots, if Megan Fox had an IQ above 85 and if the Decepticons were electing a new Pope.
Like 'Code,' 'Angels' is filled with such far-fetched story lines that you'll be instantly drawn in or dismiss this as another convoluted film from Ron Howard.
Angels and Demons is an OK action film, but only the humorless will find it heretical -- or educational.
A film that tries hard to break free from the dull tone of its predecessor but ends up even more ridiculous, frustrating and generally worthless.
If you're not up on history, religion and crazy conspiracy theories, it's easy to feel a little lost.
At least the movie's good for about 30 minutes of unintentional laughter, which doesn't say much for the other 90-plus minutes.
Angels & Demons has some exciting sequences, a spectacular ending with a terrific twist and a grounding in the debate about science versus religion that could hardly be more timely.
Angels and Demons is a truly handsome production, seamlessly mixing real locations with beautifully detailed sets. There are a few good performances here, and some thrills. Yet there's a flatness to the plotting.
The Da Vinci Code, while not a great movie by a stretch, was better and actually offered some interesting characters.
At once overwrought and dull, clumsily staged and veering too often, without a hint of humor or irony, into parodic excesses and simplicities.
Angels & Demons is humorless, and way too talky. It leaves Hanks, one of the most likable actors in movies, stranded, unable to use his skill and his warmth to turn the one-dimensional Langdon into an actual character.
Those of you who felt The Da Vinci Code was too slow moving and dull should find a lot more to appreciate in the up-tempo Angels & Demons.
Angels & Demons might cause controversy among viewers who like their Tom Hanks films to be of some substance.
Two hours of passable, brainless entertainment. Don't ask for more.
Ron Howard's follow-up to the stiff, stately 2006 The Da Vinci Code, might have been classy, entertaining junk -- if only it were entertaining.
A future camp classic. Where Howard wants us to make the sign of the cross, we're slapping high fives.
Tom Hanks needs to run! Run fast! Run here! Run there! Run over there, again!
By the time it's all over audiences may feel they've been had by a fiendishly manipulative storyteller. But then, being had is one of the reasons we go to the movies.
Howard, however, doesn't go much beyond Langdon running and talking and thinking and running.
Try not to giggle when...Langdon is being called in for "[his] expertise, [his] erudition." The guy from Bachelor Party? Just kidding, Tom, we love you--just not in this kind of pricy but conspicuously soulless crap.
A clunky movie with awful dialogue and a more-convoluted-than-it-needs-to-be plot.
Yes, the film is a helluva lot more entertaining than The Da Vinci Code. Yes, Tom Hanks and Robert Langdon have been to the barber.
[T]he film does not conclude with Langdon being elected Pope himself, but, watching the spiraling inanities of the last 20 minutes, one might be forgiven for thinking it would be the next logical step.
Tom Hanks! Ron Howard! More dull exposition than a dozen dreary indie films! If that sounds good - run, don't walk - to see Angels & Demons
Talky, violent conspiracy thriller will bore kids and teens.
Howard seems to count on audience goodwill toward Hanks carrying over to Langdon, filling in the hero's many blanks.
[It's] not anti-Catholic. It is, however, anti-exciting, anti-sense and anti-involving.
What the movie is supposed to accomplish -- laying out a fairly complex mystery in a way that creates suspense -- is precisely what it doesn't do.
Presumably in response to criticism that The Da Vinci Code was static and talky, director Ron Howard has made Angels & Demons frantic %u2014 and, well, talky
... Moves quickly but never involves the audience.
Both Da Vinci Code and its sequel are talky affairs, but Angels & Demons talks and runs simultaneously, making it the better match of material and intended audience.
Saying that Angels & Demons is a lot better than its predecessor, The Da Vinci Code, is like saying that this swine flu outbreak isn't nearly as bad as the last.
For sheer off-the charts looniness, it'll be hard to top the furious plot and flabbergasting climax of Angels and Demons ...
In Angels & Demons, the filmmakers expend a lot of time, craft and energy just to keep a potboiler at low-to-medium boil.
It's entertaining enough for what it is, but like the book from which it was adapted, Angels and Demons is light beach reading (or summer viewing), not meant to satisfy your artistic soul.
Angels & Demons is better than The Da Vinci Code and if you're a fan of the books you'll probably enjoy it - otherwise%u2026 I suppose there are worse ways to kill a couple of hours.
Maybe Howard and Hanks should have uttered a few 'Hail Marys' before filming?
Given that it combines religious, scientific, political, art historical and academic lunacy in one package, Angels & Demons is at least more entertaining than the dreary, talky Da Vinci Code.
Angels and Demons is talky. Talky, Talky, Talky, Talky. You'd swear it was an entire pack of PhDs' dissertations spread out over two plus hours of endless yakking
The re-creation of St Peter's and the Sistine Chapel on the Hollywood backlot is a production achievement, yet the movie's about as exciting as looking over someone's shoulder while they finish a crossword.
...also about antimatter, which is like the opposite of matter, which I guess means that it doesn't matter, just like Hitchock's famous Mac-Guffin, except that it blows up real good.
Tension? Believability? Characters we care about? Vanished, like so many well-intentioned prayers at an Easter Sunday mass.
Mindful of the religious storm which The Da Vinci Code stirred up, Angels & Demons, like Langdon's newly tidy locks, is as demure as a monk on retreat, almost to the point of anonymity.
This graceless and overwrought piece of storytelling will probably earn a Pope's ransom at the box office, despite its many flaws.
The film is a wonderful piece of cinematic fluff sure to keep your eyes locked on the screen and your head at least partially interested.
...a minor improvement over its underwhelming predecessor...
If the film is never quite as inert as The Da Vinci Code, I hesitate to call this a thriller. It's big, bombastic and glossy - but it is also stiff and sometimes ludicrous.
What pleasures there are in Brown's orgy of Catholic intrigue could only be called accidental, and tend towards the guilty - you may want to take a whip.
So the film isn't entirely without faults, and those of the faith will pick many holes in it. But I was entertained, and I may even read the book.
With such guiltily enjoyable hokum as a Dan Brown page-turner, you wonder what would have happened if someone actually had fun with it and, maybe, let us have some too. By treating trash as art, they've really taken the thrill out of this thriller.
Angels & Demons never really wants to admit that it's an absurd folly masquerading as a high-brow thriller, but it's marginally more dynamic than its predecessor and will probably pass time reasonably well as in-flight entertainment.
Avoiding the pitfalls of The Da Vinci Code, the eventful follow-up makes plenty of its own mis-steps. We now have renewed respect for the corny, endearingly unpretentious National Treasure movies.
[It] not only doesn't suck, it is positively enjoyable. And fun.
After the weight of expectation awaiting The Da Vinci Code, this is a more enjoyable affair and relaxed affair - a sort of National Treasure for grown-ups.
Admittedly implausible and a bit confusing, it is, nevertheless, enthralling - with enough unexpected twists to keep you on the edge-of-your-seat.
Parental Content Review
Atoning for The Da Vinci Code's cardinal sin - thou shalt not bore - this superior sequel zips along at such a lick you can almost forget the story is utter bollocks. At this rate, The Lost Symbol should be a doozy.
This isn't a bad film at all, but it could be better... and I am very aware that regardless of what I think it will be huge.
This is a terrible movie with barely concealed contempt for its audience. Please don't go to see it - or another of these calamities may be along next summer.
There may be a decent thriller here, but it's buried alive beneath turgid pacing and ream upon ream of dry-as-dust dialogue. Oh, and Ewan McGregor's in it - rarely a good sign.
Though the film is a little long and extremely predictable, it is slightly better than The Da Vinci Code and packs some great intensity.
When Angels & Demons goes into action overdrive it is fun. The locations are terrific, Hanks impressive, the clues absorbing and it is all beautifully shot.
The film could have been a lot worse. Director Ron Howard has ejected some of the book's more outlandish twists and tells the story at such a swift pace that it is impossible to be bored.
Ron Howard directs a pell-mell script (David Koepp, Akiva Goldman) with more agility than he showed in Code. Though the story suffers intermittent daftness.
Angels and Demons proves every bit as swollen and portentous as The Da Vinci Code. It is, however, nine minutes shorter than that film, so there's something to be grateful for.
The film will not win any Oscars but then nobody is tipping Dan Brown to win the Man Booker Prize any time soon. If the book belongs to the beach and the airport then the film deserves a big bucket of popcorn on a carefree Saturday night.
One star is maybe harsh but Indiana Jones this most definitely ain't. It's not even Scooby Doo. Forget science versus faith - at well over two hours the only gripping conflict here is tedium versus tosh.
Angels & Demons, the fantastic ongoing saga of Brownism might make us feel short of breath in the company of something that is beyond belief. That's Dan Brown I'm talking about.
Enjoyable thriller, thanks to a strong cast, a decent plot, some good set-pieces and some surprisingly pacey direction from Ron Howard.
Does God exist? And if so, why would He ever allow this great big jibbering guffmuffin of a movie to get off the drawing board?
It's certainly a stylish looking production but it's Scooby Doo for grown ups. Not bad, not awful, just the suspense thriller equivalent of magnolia.
A slick, speedy thriller that cuts between mystery and murder at an agreeable enough tempo to make two hours go by.
Howard knows how to keep things moving, but he's not great at building momentum or tension. As for the supporting cast, they're mostly serviceable.
An often entertaining and intense blockbuster that's visually stunning, but suffers from a dumbed-down script that doesn't ultimately trust in the audience's own intelligence.
Like watching an Indiana Jones movie without any of the action, adventure, romance, or wit.
For a movie based entirely around a beat-the-clock goal, there's no real momentum here.
I don't dislike Angels & Demons; I just have no respect for it intellectually.
May be a marginal improvement on its predecessor and source material, but at a brain-stabbing 140 minutes, it still reaches levels of tedium that are hard to conceptualize.
Pay attention and you might learn something.
Three-quarters of passable fun for adults ... The overwrought climax pushes the film past the limits of what audiences should have to endure in their fake-smart summer entertainment.
One thing Howard has learned is that a film doesn't need quality to make money.
Comes across as a less contemplative, more motion-driven version of its predecessor, The Da Vinci Code.
Right now in Florida, there is a slick-haired tele-evangelist claiming to be both the second coming of Christ and the Antichrist. He has his own church, a "666" tattoo and hundreds of thousands of adoring believers tuning in worldwide. In other words, the
You most likely won't go to Hell for watching this film, though you will no doubt feel as if you are in Hell while watching it.
Angels & Demons only exemplifies the problems with both movies and, thanks in part to a headsmacker of a third act, winds up being worse than its predecessor.
Director Ron Howard and his writers deserve a hefty penance for this abomination.
If you liked the book, you're going to love the movie.
As far as preposterous pulp is concerned, Angels & Demons is livelier than The Da Vinci Code. But it's still just preposterous pulp.
Langdon may wind up saving the Church, but does Angels & Demons offer any hint of a church worth saving? If not, why should we care?
It's a miracle! Angels & Demons is actually a well constructed, entertaining thriller.
If the story isn't nearly as ridiculous as Da Vinci's, director Ron Howard still impeccably maintains the series's turgid mediocrity.
An odd kind of a slog that manages to keep you partially engaged, even at its most esoteric or absurd, despite an endlessly excitable choir and Hans Zimmer's pitiless score.
Angels & Demons is better, though not by much, than 2006's Da Vinci Code. The story, however, is less interesting and even more far-fetched.
Like its predecessor, Angels & Demons manages the miraculous feat of seeming to plod while racing at breakneck speed, the tempo set by Hans Zimmer's blusterous score.
If nothing else, Angels & Demons proves that, as McGuffins go, a cylinder of antimatter is more fun than the Holy Grail.
Without pretensions to profundity, the movie can be enjoyed for the hell-raising hooey it is.
This movie takes preposterousness to new levels; there are times when the proceedings become so ludicrous that one is tempted to laugh aloud at the sheer audacity of the plotting.
Angels & Demons slips away pretty quickly after you've watched it, in the way of most blockbuster movies, but it's diverting enough while it lasts.
Ultimately, the film tries so hard to strike a balance that it ends up standing stock-still.
... a safe little piece of conspiracy thriller hokum under a façade of church politics and Papal secrets.
Even though the sluggish Da Vinci Code is an easy act to follow. There's not a moment of inspiration on display here, but ample craft and professional technique.
Like The Da Vinci Code, Angels & Demons is a smoke-and-mirrors shadow play of half-truths, a synthesis of pseudo-history and pseudo-science. But this time, the Apollo 13 director achieves liftoff.
Nail-biting, God-fearing and unfolding at a breakneck pace -- a little like The Da Vinci Code on celestial speed -- ultimately everything wilts under the weight of the complicated story lines of its many saints and sinners.
It's too lurid, too long. Too much is telegraphed.
Though complete redemption of Brown's fiction may not be possible, Howard's new film at least represents an upgrade from a mortal to a venal movie sin.
This diligent yet dull religious caper only adds to the long list of Tom Hanks throwaway features, movies best enjoyed on airplanes.
I get that saving the world from disaster is important business. But is it too much to ask for it to be fun for the audience?
The plotting here is so convoluted and so far-fetched that it makes the conspiracy elements in the National Treasure movies look plausible by comparison.
Here we go again...
The result is dizzying enough to make you think you're entertained, although the moment you stop to think about Angels & Demons for even a second, the movie becomes ridiculous and preposterous enough to be laughed off the screen.
Howard simply isn't as good a filmmaker as Brown is a blissfully terrible writer.
Languid, over-bloated, preachy and too reliant on coincidence. Sometimes comes off as a pushy lecture produced and directed by Kirk Cameron.
Once again the heavy exposition translates unevenly to the screen as the actors chew through paragraphs of detailed information while careening through the streets of Rome.
A film entitled Angels & Demons, touting a challenge between religion & science in the name of the "Illuminati" should be more illuminating than a simple puzzle.
never comes close to duplicating the urgent pacing of Brown's crackling source material
At half the length, and with half of Hanks' sneering pretension, this would make a pretty terrific action film. Anyone up for just plain Demons?
Still, even if the whodunit aspect of Angels would barely pass muster on Scooby-Doo, this Ron Howard-directed sequel is less howlingly moronic than its predecessor.
Howard's fluid camera movement, Salvatore Totino's old master-ly cinematography, and the Gregorian rants of Hans Zimmer's score cannot redeem the Hardy Boys plotting of Dan Brown's source material.
What happened to reliable old Tom, perennial Oscar nominee? It's like he left the actor part of him on that island in Castaway.
You won't remember many of the stops after the movie ends, but at least you'll enjoy the ride.
Angels & Demons, without being particularly good, is nonetheless far less hysterical than The Da Vinci Code.
A movie that's more streamlined and action-packed than the original.
Much easier to sit through than the stultifying THE DAVINCI CODE. In fact, the pace could almost be considered breakneck, especially for a movie where someone is always stopping to deliver a lecture on history, art or symbology.
The only thrill here comes from the adrenaline kick of the chase. Alas, it's an empty, Pavlovian kick at best.
The problem here, as in The Da Vinci Code, is that the puzzles don't invite the viewers' involvement.
Tighter editing & fewer windy speeches would have helped, but since it is an improvement over The Da Vinci Code, & since Hanks is settling perfectly into the Langdon persona, I'm willing to accept small miracles and do look forward to further adventures.
This kind of film requires us to be very forgiving, and if we are, it promises to entertain. Angels & Demons succeeds.
As transparent as this device is, Angels has elemental satisfactions in its blend of movie genre that could appeal to wide segments of the audience.
A thinking person's thriller with fascinating twists and turns, a tour of Rome's art and cathedrals, insights into Vatican history and politics, and questions about the relationship of religion and science.
Heavier on demons than angels.
Demons rolls up to bat three years after Code stormed the box office, and while Howard's promise of a snappier pace is kept, it's hard to sense much of a seismic difference between the two films. But that's fine by me.
Too many astonishingly obscure variables fall into place for this film to be believed.
At its best, Angels & Demons is backpacker porn, taking in a whole lot of Ron Howard's digitally rendered Rome--the streets, basilicas and museums--without the long line-ups tourists usually face and having the benefit of a pulse-racing conspiracy.
The team behind "The Da Vinci Code" returns to the ecclesiastic trough with this Vatican-based hooey that plays more like a Roman travelogue.
Behind the camera director Howard keeps the action moving, at the same time painting a glowing postcard of the sights of the Vatican.
I'm thinking Dan Brown's Robert Langdon books weren't meant to be made into movies.
[A] ridiculously entertaining night at the movies.... [I]t's as completely ludicrous as the book it's based on, of course, but it moves so fast and with such confidence that you barely have time to notice.
Imagine going to a library to research arcane religious history while listening to a medieval church choir too loudly on your iPod...
Bogged down with some impenetrable dialogue and a nutty climactic scene, 'Angels and Demons' is curiously uninvolving.
The film is wildly, recklessly improbable from start to finish - in fact, it's utter nonsense. But it's entertaining nonsense, and it's very well made in classical style.
A fast-paced and serviceable thriller, dressed in second-hand religious mumbo jumbo, that relies on constant forward momentum to ensure its audience doesn't have time to stop and think about it too much.
By paying less respect to Dan Brown's novel, Ron Howard has made Angels & Demons a more entertaining film than his plodding treatment of the author's Da Vinci Code.
the good news is that [Hanks]has worked through whatever issues that resulted in the questionable hairdo he sported in The Da Vinci Code
The perfect summer entertainment, an exhilarating, heart-stopping thriller that doesn't let up for a minute.
Angels & Demons barrels along with a confidence -- and, more fundamentally, a pulse -- missing from director Ron Howard's first encounter with the best-selling novels of Dan Brown.
Despite its lofty aspirations, Angels & Demons is no less artificial and forced than the latest Fast & Furious sequel. Different target audience, same motive: easy money.
How dark the con of Ron that he can so vividly simulate thought in what is truly an intellect-free enterprise.
It's doesn't quite pay off, but Angels & Demons does a much better job of balancing the blasphemy and blood, heresy and heroics that were Brown's ticket to eternal wealth if not eternal life.
Credit where it's due: Director Ron Howard, also back from Da Vinci, keeps things moving fast enough -- the clock is ticking, after all -- that you don't linger over the implausibility of the story.
This overwrought chase/final-countdown movie is as banal as the genre comes. It's not a well-made action film; it's just expensively made.
The movie clips along, tricked out with state-of-the-art hardware and a hotter, brighter partner for Hanks.
A one-dimensional affair loaded with commonplace distractions that never catch fire.
kratoyn to pneyma toy Brown toso stin agriada tis bias, oso stin ypoboithisi toy theati (o iroas eksigei, i iroida epanalambanei, o iroas tin epainei) kai sto aploma tis plokis pano se skeleto enallaktikoy toyristikoy odigoy
Ron Howard's funniest film since Splash!
Dynamite ticking-bomb-thriller follow-up to the smash Da Vinci Code, about a cataclysmic device set to destroy the Vatican, will most certainly have explosive results at the box office.
Remaining faithful to stronger source material makes Ron Howard and Tom Hanks' second Dan Brown adaptation a far superior effort in every possible way.
Its twists, turns and revelations are just as ridiculous as those in the first film -- perhaps even more so -- and it breezes through arcane details with just as much dizzying speed.
For all of the Catholic Church hullabaloo over Dan Brown's novels, Ron Howard's "Da Vinci Code" sequel is an exuberant cinematic adaptation that combines elements of horror, religious tradition, and high-tech suspense to give audiences a non-stop thrill r
Howard keeps his cameras moving restlessly, a tactic meant to disguise the fact that, more often than not, nothing's really happening.
The streets of Rome haven't run this red since the Inquisition.
A tighter, more agreeable, decidedly more polished, and wider appealing movie that only occasionally drops into the traps of the last film
Dan Brown knows what ingredients to use for a recipe that goes down as easily as a devilish ice cream drenched in glistening, dark chocolate.
Statues above the unfortunate and boring Da Vinci Code, this film sequel or prose prequel from best selling author Dan Brown, pits science and faith against each other with an conciliatory outcome.
Angels and Demons performs a miracle. It makes 2 hours seem like 4 hours. Like a lot of religion itself, Angels and Demons should be so much more than it is.
The film is a breezy if improbable pyscho-religious action-thriller that's slightly better than Da Vinci Code but still not good enough.
A tedious bore. Too slow and too many words. A farfetched medieval history lesson. Robert Langdon saves the Catholic Church!
Director Ron Howard and his crew have worked hard to make Professor Robert Langdon's return a thrilling, faster-paced walk in the park.
Ron Howard does a far superior job of filming Dan Brown's first Robert Langdon novel Angels & Demons than he did with his lifeless blockbuster The Da Vinci Code.





@highlight

Angels and Demons is a fast-paced thrill ride, and an improvement on the last Dan Brown adaptation, but the storyline too often wavers between implausible and ridiculous, and does not translate effectively to the big screen.