Tough but worthy.
Twenty minutes or so of cuts would probably have helped the movie pack a more potent punch.
They ought to have cut both the film and the marriage a little shorter.
The incisive moments of recognizable humanity, though, are outnumbered by those of awkward obviousness.
Flannel Pajamas is so gorged with gab it feels like a filibuster.
Better to rent Scenes From a Marriage, Manhattan or My Dinner With Andre and stay home -- flannel pajamas optional.
In his sophomore feature, Lipsky doesn't feel the need to pump the movie with showy visual tricks. You don't even know he's there most of the time, which is probably a compliment.
Flannel Pajamas is a sharply observed dissection of a couple's relationship, from blind date to marriage to difficulties over everything from whether to get a dog to when to have a baby.
This is all quite fascinating.
Maybe Lipsky's been too direct in his screenplay; he makes us feel like informed witnesses to their relationship rather than participants. Which means, we spend most of the movie thinking, just break up already, please.
It's a harsh look at a love that seems good until it isn't any more... and frankly, I got tired of both of these people long before they got tired of each other.
This is the kind of introspective drama in which a determined pair of young, very fine actors and a strong filmmaker put everything on the line to explore emotional truth wherever it exists.
[Writer/director] Lipsky has something to say about the impossibility of human beings to love each other, but his language is that of an amateur playwright who does not know when he is only repeating cliches.
Both Nicholson and Kirk are terrific actors, but the script limits them and their performances.
Kirk and Nicholson provide solid acting throughout the movie. Lipsky's writing is frequently original. However, the overall sense of this film is that it lacks credibility.
With "Flannel Pajamas" Lipsky has written an excellent off-Broadway play, not a film.
[Star Julianne] Nicholson does remarkable work in an unsympathetic role, helped by [director Jeff] Lipsky's fine control of his characters.
It's as close to what the disintegration of a real-life relationship looks like as you'll ever see onscreen.
Sometimes a movie improves on second viewing and I liked Flannel Pajamas better when I screened it again.
By the time these two must decide whether or not to stay together, we've given up on the whole process entirely.
... it's hard to warm to characters this flawed without some humorous leavening. The result is dreary, particularly at slightly more than two hours.
Mr. Lipsky needs more than two hours -- and many highly articulate conversations -- to get his co-protagonists to the breaking point. Yet the warning signs are there from the beginning.
For all the time we spend watching Justin and Nicole negotiate their needs, we have no idea who these people are.
There are moments in Jeff Lipsky's low-budget, high-octane battle of the sexes, when Stuart ... and Nicole ... dredge up a grubby intimacy that most relationship dramas avoid.
A deeply felt, confessional, warts-and-all movie made for no other reason than its maker's need to make it.
Opaque acting, excruciating dialogue, and flat, affectless direction.
Ever been on a blind date that you knew would be dismal from the start? Well, this is the movie version of that date, stretched out over the slowest two hours imaginable.
An astute and accurate-feeling account of the process of falling madly in -- and heartbreakingly out -- of love.
Flannel Pajamas has wonderful acting, meticulous and even thrilling camerawork. Its dialogue is terrific, cutting close to the bone without sacrificing realism for theatricality. And the story is packed with poisonous little surprises.
As raw and biting as a December morning in Montauk, writer-director Jeff Lipsky's depiction of modern metropolitan romance honors the sensibilities of both John Cassavetes and Ingmar Bergman.
A well-acted and thought-provoking anatomy of love and marriage that includes many universal challenges and obstacles.
Lipsky puts utterly ordinary lives under a microscope and finds a teeming microcosm of chaos no less devastating for being so unremarkable.
Though Jeff Lipsky's snoozefest, Flannel Pajamas, essentially consists of a couple talking nonstop for two hours, we never really understand what brought them together in the first place -- much less why they break up after two years together.
The twin specters of Ingmar Bergman and Woody Allen hover over this talky history of a relationship between two New Yorkers.
Indie-film exec Jeff Lipsky's sophomore feature as writer-director shares with his distribution work a desire to restore some of the untidier virtues of '70s American film.
A series of scenes from a love affair whose insightfulness slightly outweighs its sluggishness.
A romantic comedy, it's heavy on the romance but light on the comedy, as it is more interested in being a character study of real relationships than it is in tickling our funny bones.
Has witty dialogue in a talky film that feminists will not like: it blames primarily the woman for the breakup of a marriage.
This is the kind of thing that provokes discussion even though it's not all that entertaining, which is what literature is all about, right?
These chatty, pedantic, annoying characters are simply not interesting enough to follow for five minutes, let alone over two hours.
Lipsky's screenplay clearly comes from a real place, one of experience and true heartbreak.
A thoughtful dissection of the courtship and marriage of two ultimately mismatched New Yorkers.
Flannel Pajamas is a nonstop talkfest that intimately charts the arc of a relationship from its intoxicating beginning to its frayed dissolution.



@highlight

Flannel Pajamas is a talky and overwrought love story that is redeemed by fine performances and character insights.