An entertaining action comedy that doesn't disappoint. [Full Review in Spanish]
In Gringo different genres, such as comedy, action and thriller come together. Better yet... at times it seems like three different movies. [Full review in Spanish]
An exciting adventure that has the best of Robert Rodriguez and Quentin Tarantino action scenes in its DNA. [Full Review in Spanish]
Corporate drug dealing goes wrong in this engaging, dizzily plotted south-of-the-border ensemble crimedy.
Overblown, unfunny, messy and meandering.
Gringo has seemingly good intentions, and shows good taste in its inspirations, but keeps missing its own beat, scene after scene. It's a happy-go-lucky, shaggy, odd, silly, and ultimately infuriating mess.
Despite corralling Charlize Theron, Joel Edgerton, Thandie Newton and David Oyelowo into its incredible cast, Gringo is, at best, an inept attempt at a dark comedy.
Life may be full of coincidences, but screenplays cannot be.
[Gringo] arrives too late in a world where political correctness is on a different trajectory in today's world. [Full Review in Spanish]
Not even Gringo's impressive ensemble cast can breathe much life into these overblown but underwritten characters.
Although the film has many favorable elements, the result is not promising. [Full review in Spanish]
Gringo manages to transform a crude subject into a satisfactory black comedy. [Full Review in Spanish]
There's a charm to Gringo's moral question though, brought to life by Oyelowo's Harold. Are good people rewarding? Do bad people get what they deserve? Or is the universe total chaos?
It's hard for me to go into detail about why I did not enjoy "Gringo" as much as I wanted, or even as I feel I should have. It's one of those things you can't really put a finger on...you just know you didn't like it.
A movie created by someone who has ever actually been to Mexico and thought to pay attention to more than kidnapping scares and cartel nightmares.
Gringo has some real snap to the action scenes, and just the right level of craziness.
The presence of this film can only be compared to, if anything, finding the expiration date of a newly purchased item to be ten or twenty years old. [Full Review in Spanish]
The general tone is soulless. [Full Review in Spanish]
Cacophonous action and Charlize Theron: ideal plan for a Saturday night. [Full review in Spanish]
It's hard to begrudge them the fun they're having on the screen.
If for nothing else, see Gringo, a wild black comedy set mostly in Mexico, in order to watch Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. be hysterically funny. I mean David Oyelowo.
Gringo is shooting for an action-cranked Quentin Tarantino feel here, but even the Pulp Fiction maestro knows the importance of redeeming qualities.
While there are moments that impress and amuse, Gringo never quite manages to sustain its momentum.
Gringo is a messy, confused entry in the crime genre that wastes its stellar ensemble on an uninspired narrative and leaves minimal impact.
Though all of Gringo's elements don't ultimately come together seamlessly enough for this to be a "great" movie, not all movies have to be great. Some of them just have to be a fun, funny, escapist two hours. This cast delivers.
Action comedies can be packed with action and comedy, but without a strong point of view, they feel trivial, a lot of busyness with little to show for it. That problem plagues this project.
... Gringo is a nasty piece of sub-Breaking Bad junk.
Oyelowo steals this movie right from under everyone else's collective nose. He's a hoot in an act of grand larceny that makes the uneven Gringo worthwhile.
Gringo is a flawed film that needed one more draft to streamline things and fix the overall pacing.
It feels like a movie you just stumble upon...it has so many different sub-plots going on...it's a miss, it's not a terrible movie but not great.
Whatever they were aiming for, they missed it by a mile, because Nash Edgerton's film is a wildly inconsistent mishmash.
The message that good things happen to good people is deftly told to deliver a decent, if unspectacular, film.
Theron is probably the best thing in a film that delivers some nice lines and certainly entertains but ultimately is just a little too familiar and complicated for its own good.
So casually incoherent, so erratically paced and unfocused that you rather suspect that medical marijuana featured as heavily in the writing process as it does in the plot.
...a good screwball comedy updated to include X-rated language...combines action with comedy and never drags. Unlike many new movies, this film celebrates color and light, a pleasure to watch...it's a gas.
A-list actors cutting loose is the prime draw of this hot mess of a movie.
A few laughs here and there but largely falls flat.
"Gringo" keeps up a fairly good pace with an entertaining script. There are multiple twists and turns --- and a few too many kidnap subplots. But it does boast some hair-raising moments and a lot of laughs.
A reasonably entertaining dark comedy with a solid cast and some genuine laughs.
I can't say I was ever bored and I did find myself entertained just enough throughout. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, Sex, etc. - also Available)
Edgerton is sufficiently despicable as a yuppie caricature, but it's Charlize Theron's predatory performance as a woman who will do anything to get ahead that really shines in the antagonist department.
Though it runs a longish 110 minutes, for the majority of the time, it's a smart, jam-packed movie with plenty to enjoy.
This slick caper comedy includes plenty of sordid schemes, double-crosses and zany misadventures from a top-notch cast, yet doesn't add up to much in the end.
Gringo is a Coen Brothers movie for when you don't want to be bothered with the moral weight of an actual Coen Brothers movie.
I left the theater vaguely annoyed - as if the filmmakers had thrown away some promising ideas and elements in weaving together a thoroughly generic chase movie and pretending it's something special by employing ineffective stylistic choices.
The screenplay is determined to create a community of troubled folk and bad decisions, and little here translates to laughs, or any substantial reaction for that matter.
A Taco Bell version of the '90s crime genre; tasteless, cheaply made and just as inauthentic.
Very rarely does such a star-studded cast come together in a single film. Even more rarely does such a star-studded cast fail so miserably to breathe life into a film.
Just what we need: Another convoluted caper that's more comic book than true comedy, with a low-end performance from Charlize Theron to boot. Even the steady David Oyelowo can't redeem it all.
It's a rare caper comedy where you can never really tell how all this is going to resolve.
It's got cynical zingers that presumably attracted the cool cast, but overall the many moving parts don't quite mesh.
So much of the movie works like a dream, and I absolutely adored just how obnoxiously convoluted and ferociously aberrant the climactic turn of events ended up proving to be.
Director Nash Edgerton and screenwriters Anthony Tambakis and Matthew Stone do a fine job of juggling the multiple story lines, moving things along at an entertaining clip.
Amusing in spurts, Gringo is easily shrugged off, probably because little about it seems plausible or pointed.
[It] feels too derivative of vastly superior originals.
Full of stereotypes, including a Mexican drug lord nicknamed Black Panther, this would-be crime thriller film is a yet another winter-season reject.
This one worked for me but it won't work for everyone. For an R-rating it's pretty sanitized. Call it Quentin Tarantino light.
The biggest problem with Gringo is that there are far too many unnecessary subplots, which the weak narrative can't support.
Watching bad people be bad gets tiring, especially when there's someone like Oyelowo transcending the material to lend complexity and uncertainty.
Thanks to the efforts of a talented cast and spirited direction, this nasty mixture of cynical farce and violent action offers a few pleasures along the way-though not quite enough.
Gringo is the perfect movie to stumble upon via Netflix or cable TV. Paying full price for the experience is another matter.
It can't decide whether it wants to be magnificently toxic or merely mediocre.
Woefully undeveloped characters, a thin yet convoluted plot, and a lack of humor in the black comedy. This is what it looks like when a hastily scribbled first draft goes straight into production.
'Pleasant surprise' might be a misnomer for Gringo.
Charlize Theron brings a hard edge that is both intimidating and seductive at the same time. More importantly, she owns it. The self-possession is what makes Elaine such a blast to watch as she slithers through the mess left by the men.
If there were a special place for middling cultural products-the so-so pop song, the not-entirely-bad book-that would be the proper destination for a movie like Gringo.
A terrific cast makes up for a pretty standard crime comedy.
...culminates in a conclusion that's hardly able to justify the ineffectiveness of most of what came before...
Dust off those spec scripts, all you as-yet-unsuccessful scribes - Hollywood's apparently paying anyone these days.
Movies like this need to be airtight, but "Gringo" is a flimsy piece of pulp fiction.
A pitch-black, often very funny slice of pulp fiction with a number of stand-out performances, notably the ferocious Theron.
The stage is set for a good, nasty, slam-bang farce, and "Gringo" makes it about two-thirds of the way there.
Unfortunately, director Nash Edgerton (Joel's brother) cannot keep a lid on the disjointed subplots. No matter how hard he tries, he cannot make them march in step.
Leaden.
All in all, I enjoyed this. It's daft, fast-paced and has plenty of belly-laughs.
The circuitous narrative of Nash Edgerton's Gringo is such that it never allows for a character or storyline to develop in a particularly efficient way, as every few minutes an abrupt twist or turn sets things off in a new and unexpected direction.
David Oyelowo does sterling work... in a film that might easily have been labelled sub-Tarantino trash were it not for the winning efforts of the Selma star.
There are some flaws in the script and direction, but it's a very entertaining ride that is buoyed by strong performances and an infectious sense of fun.
If you like your crime stories to be nicely nasty, this one does the trick.
Gringo sags and slips in its middle, falling so flat that even its fast-paced and neatly tied up final 20 minutes can't get the energy back up.
Have shifting trends managed to make this particular kind of disposable Hollywood entertainment look novel again?
A passable in-flight movie that limps home across the border with nothing much to declare.
Only intermittently amusing.
There's something both admirable and off-putting about the elaborate plotting of Gringo...
Gringo has an ensemble cast of eccentric characters but director Nash Edgerton is unsuccessful at bringing out the true zaniness within them that is begging to be unleashed
If only the movie was a better showcase.
How can every single scene be both unnecessary and dull?
Gringo will certainly tickle your funny bone. The outrageous characters more than make up for the bewildering plot
It comes as no surprise that a movie as aimless as Gringo would miss the mark. It's a series of chaotic events connected by unbelievable characters and lousy coincidence, with nary a point to be found.
What an untidy mess we have before us in "Gringo."
Not every movie needs to be an instant classic. Sometimes all you need is a pleasant diversion. Hopefully we won't have to wait another decade for Edgerton's third feature.
"Gringo" has no spark, no fizz. Its scenes sag like overstretched taffy. Flavorless taffy.
Though each of these great actors are somewhere on the spectrum of being funny, no one feels completely in their element.
Inconsistencies in character behavior undermine the storytelling throughout. When things are so glaring that they make you stop and say, "Hey, hold on a second, why did - " you know there are problems.
Beleaguered by problematic pacing issues, scenarios that never snap together easily, and horrendously-drawn characters, this​ is a placebo for what should be a rousing, raucous romp.
Gringo's obvious debt to the works of Tarantino and the Coen brothers give it a tone that's too arch and haphazard to keep the audience rooted in its characters.
More evidence that you don't need animation to supply cartoon characters.
An impressively strong cast can't save this convoluted, tonally uneven action-comedy from descending into mindless chaos.
It is possible to sit through it all without feeling completely miserable, and to remember a time when these comic-grotesque shenanigans might have seemed fresh.
The film eventually lurches wildly out of control, abandoning certain characters completely and leaving others stranded in inexplicable plot holes.
There's never a dull moment, though never a deep one either, for the duration of this hyperbolic homage to incessant overstimulation.
Mostly, it's just kind of dumb.
Gringo is a million miles from the best movie ever (it probably won't stay with you long, to be honest), but it is a fun two hours that has little more on its mind than entertaining you.
David Oyelowo has fun playing against type as a hapless patsy trapped in an elaborate drug scheme in "Gringo," a snide crime comedy with a few mildly clever genre riffs surrounded by a lot of strained irreverence and posturing.
It's a surprising high point in Oyelowo's already distinguished career, and a not-at-all shabby directorial debut for Edgerton.
Primarily a time-waster, trotting out clichéd misadventure tropes and predictable zigzags in a manner neither terribly funny nor suspenseful.
It's an especially fun dark comedy from a director and cast who are clearly having a good time allowing themselves to let loose.
The film periodically livens up, and Oyelowo shows that he can play comedy, but his performance isn't given much guidance or room to grow and the direction is very flat and uninspired.
An overlong mess of narrative threads and a weak script which cannot be saved by the quality of actors delivering it. A mess.
A fun romp with a great comic performance from Oyelowo. Doesn't linger, but you'll enjoy it while it lasts.
Most of the characters here are so venal, backstabby and irredeemable that the only two with a nice side manage to spot each other a mile off, but they both come off like gullible drips who need to look out for their own interests a little better.
A shambling family-affair directed by Nash Edgerton and co-starring his more famous brother Joel, Gringo is one of those high-speed, series-of-coincidence caper films that sails by on ironic humour and caricatures. Well, almost...
On their own, these are all people you'd gladly fork over $10 to watch. Unfortunately, together, in this frenetic, plate-spinning, south-of-the-border caper, they all look a bit lost.
The spirited performances are dampened by Edgerton's direction and the cutting of three credited editors. The picture feels much longer than its 110 minutes ...
There's an old-school, B-movie snap to much of the proceedings, which Nash Edgerton modernizes without imposing too flashy a style upon the material.
...ironic entertainment that works like a Swiss watch. [Full Review in Spanish]

@highlight

Gringo rounds up a bafflingly overqualified cast for a misfire of a comedy that's fatally undermined by its messy plot, poorly conceived characters, and obvious debts to better films.