I couldn't help but feel as though Doueiri's movie, however adept and mature, is something of a setup, an all-purpose guilt machine.
A sort of mystery in reverse, 'The Attack' is both a character study and a love story. It's also about terrorism and the driving forces behind catastrophic acts.
The film often seems poised to lean towards didacticism, but Douieri consistently foregoes heavy-handed political statements and stays focused on Amin's personal journey
We learn that beneath some urbane and sophisticated Israelis lies a cold and hardened heart. We see Palestinians who live to commit terror without regard to its consequences.
Intimacy, memory and questioned identity all bleed into one dejected protagonist who can't quite do the heavy lifting that the screenplay calls for.
It's a sorrowful film, as Amin finds some answers he doesn't want to hear, and discovers that other answers are simply unknowable.
The result is a quiet power-so quiet in fact that the score is almost non-existent-that never risks sentimentality or exploitation.
Seen with an open mind, it's an experience that gets under your skin in ways you won't expect.
Screenwriters Ziad Doueiri and Joelle Touma pull quite a few punches here, making the doctor improbably naive about Israeli-Palestinian tensions so that his transformation seems profound.
"The Attack" doesn't force us to pick a side. But it does force us to question our outsiders' hope in conciliation.
Certainly not easy to digest, but the internal struggle director/co-writer Ziad Doueiri isolates here is exceptional at times, giving the divisive topic the meditative approach it deserves.
Contrary to its blunt title, The Attack takes a nuanced and thoughtful approach
The prevailing mood is somber, but the film is particularly affective at conveying the senselessness of trying to make sense of a conflict that has gained nothing beyond a vast waste of human life.
Arouses profound questions about fanaticism, cultural identity, and the essential mystery of other people, even those we think we know best.
Thoughtful Israeli political drama.
It's set up as a descent into the heart of darkness, but it ends up playing out in pallid shades of grey.
Imagine a blissful life taken away: Story of an Arab man who's assimilated into Israeli society but finds out that his wife was a suicide bomber. Nothing new here about the conflict, fair portrayal of the sides, thought provoking without solutions.
Drenched in the sweat of spontaneous revelations, and the blood of deep betrayal, this story of an assimilated Arab living in Tel Aviv forces the viewer to ask deeper questions about the very nature of "terror" -- as well as its adjacent "ism."
Answers prove more elusive than the questions.
[Doueiri] does a fine job of presenting us with two worlds in conflict: modern, prosperous and progressive Tel Aviv, and Nablus, a city of shadows, squalor and paranoia.
For all its politics ... "The Attack" is a personal story of a man whose romanticized memories of his wife prevent him from seeing the truth and moving on.
The Attack is the best kind of anti-war propaganda film, calm in feeling and mood, yet truly terrifying in showing the scourge of our age: terrorism, which can strike anybody, anywhere, at any time.
It's an accomplished drama anchored by an understated, captivating performance from an actor who fills nearly every frame of every scene.
...Ziad Doueiri has made the most extraordinary film on Middle Eastern suicide bombings yet by turning it into an investigative love story.
"The Attack" is about madness, personal and political, and a tragic overlap of the two beyond understanding.
demonstrates as a director the kind of elliptical reserve more commonly associated with Terrence Malick.
The Attack successfully walks a fine line, examining both sides of a complex issue while remaining focused on Amin's personal torment.
Emerges as one of the more piercing pieces of fiction on this subject.
The Israeli-Arab conflict is stripped to its most intensely personal level in The Attack, a haunting and heartbreaking meditation on violence, choice, love and duty that is one of the most remarkable films of the year.
Delicately executed thriller balances its political baggage with unflagging suspense.
Suliman gives his all as the bereft, bewildered Amin, and the stern, bald-headed Gavriel, in a smaller role, comes off as the ultimate Israeli authority figure.
As this film demonstrates in so many ways, the intractability of the Arab-Israeli political situation is, to put it mildly, not easily resolved, least of all onscreen.
Though it's never less than involving, it grows in stature as it unfolds and ends as a more subtle and disturbing film about love, loss and tragedy than we might initially expect.
The Attack is an ineluctably involving study of a civilized man caught in the middle of a ruthless, bloody conflict.
Remarkably accomplished and self-confident.
A stark portrait of love, politics, and betrayal.
[T]urns from pointed social criticism into an absorbing mystery. . . that departs from stereotypes. . .to become a gripping political thriller and a disturbing warning.
The film unfolds like an endless argument, and in a way that's perfect; the unhappy union at the heart of "The Attack" isn't just the one that Amin and Siham had, but the forced one that that Jews and Palestinians continue to have.
"The Attack" starts out strong and swiftly unravels somewhere past the midpoint.
This is not a soft-hearted movie offering quiet hope.
What results is a film very much aimed at a Western audience, that is surefooted and fearless even as it ventures deeper and deeper into the dark heart of one of the most defining and complex conflicts of our time.
The Attack spreads the blame around for what is undeniably a nasty situation, any way you look at it.
[An] intelligent, involving movie that's by turns a murder mystery and a politically charged argument about contemporary Palestinian identity.
Suliman, who plays Amin, also starred in Paradise Now, and it's no stretch to say The Attack is the most urgent, unblinking movie about the Israeli-Palestinian divide since that 2005 stunner.
This doleful and nuanced Middle Eastern tragedy is unlike any other recent film from the region in various ways.
A gripping, personal examination of a seemingly unresolvable conflict.
An engrossing and rounded look at the religious, political, and cultural factors behind Arab-Israeli enmity in the Middle East.
Telling this story from the point of view of the perpetrator's anguished, bewildered spouse is an inspired idea, and it may work very well in Khadra's book. Suliman, however, is the wrong actor for the job.
Arresting and upsetting ...
The Attack turns into a listless verbal assault, batting easy back-and-forth arguments on fundamentalist dogma, bomber hero worship, the Occupation blues, etc., that simply rehash the usual talking points.
We are left at the end with imponderables and questions, things that will ricochet around your brain long after this compelling and unsettling movie ends.
Puts a human face on a place and a conflict where religion and ethnicity still trumps education and achievement -- Israel.
The film is most interesting as an articulation of how its main character's initial status as an emblem of inter-religious understanding quickly dissolves following a suicide bombing.
This picture may have been intended as only an intelligent drama made out of current conditions-which it is-but it leaves us with a bleak prospect that may be darker than what was intended.
A wrenching tale of an Arab surgeon assimilated and celebrated in Tel Aviv, who discovers his wife's darkest secret.
engaging and tragic

@highlight

Tense and suspenseful while remaining smart and understated, The Attack honors its complex subject with an intelligent script and captivating performances.