the kind of movie that makes you feel more like an eavesdropper than a viewer
"Loggerheads" is like a person who never raises her voice, yet somehow you know to pay attention to every word she says.
The dramatic tension is nil. But the performances, particularly by Hunt (in a non-comedic role, for a change), are worth a look.
The movie could have benefited from a lighter touch ...
... an understated and heartfelt story, superbly acted, with a strong sense of people and place.
The movie weaves flawless performances by Bonnie Hunt, Chris Sarandon, Michael Learned and others into a mesmerizing tapestry of familial yearning and loss.
... if you can shake out some of the chafing bits of sand that weigh down Loggerheads, you'll find a heartfelt story about people coming to terms with irrevocable loss.
Despite a meandering tone, Loggerheads is consistently watchable thanks to committed actors playing recognizable, decent folks just trying to do the right thing -- or rectify mistakes of the past.
The film is very smart in recognizing that being gay is about a lot more than whom you sleep with.
You're in deep.
The stories unfold at about the speed of a turtle slowing crawling across the sand, but eventually you get the whole picture and it becomes a moving story of love and redemption.
A chamber piece of subtle touches, finely acted, the movie has time jumps that are a little confusing.
This quiet community and family drama set on the North Carolina shore offers a bighearted outlook on how to absorb change and defeat.
Slow, unadorned, compassionate, and earnest, Loggerheads is a low-fi throwback to the independent films of the 1980s and '90s -- heartland miniatures hewn from plainspoken lives.
Loggerheads has the best qualities of independent filmmaking.
Featuring a number of nicely honed performances and weaving three initially disparate tales into one, Loggerheads delivers far more than you might expect.
... a quietly impressive, nuanced essay about the emotional politics of abandonment, adoption and atonement that needs no dispensation for its small budget.
Freshness aside, Loggerheads is beautifully performed (especially by Hunt and Harper), and the script is finely attuned to the nuances of communication that has nothing to do with words.
This felt like a Lifetime movie to me.
Filled with magnificent performances from Tess Harper, Bonnie Hunt, Michael Learned and Chris Sarandon, the movie is weighty without being overwhelming
An achievement for Kirkman, and the best acting opportunity nearly everyone in the cast has had in a long time.
Loggerheads is full of compassion and good intentions, but (director Tim) Kirkman never spins the stories into compelling cinema.
A message film delivered with subtlety and grace, not allowing its weighty subject matter to overshadow the quiet dignity of its characters.
In the end, for all its good intentions, Loggerheads is so slow and earnest that it's hard for the viewer not to lose patience.
Loggerheads is not a movie where the emotions are tidy and the messages are clear.
Sincere, affecting and simple in its direct emotional appeal if not in the overlapping chronologies of its three narratives...
A delicate if somewhat soap-operatic Southern mood piece that occasionally clicks.
You watch these sad souls going about their morose business and, instead of being fraught and moved by them, are merely bored stiff.
A touching and savory Southern ensemble drama.
Characterized by an assured restraint and attention to the subtleties of human interaction.
The question of story structure is a big one in the making of films. Sometimes an unusual structure will manage to hide the stereotypical characters and predictable plot.
If it isn't easy being any of the troubled people wandering through the film, Loggerheads makes it easy not only to believe in them, but to care about them as well.
The rare spirit of character-driven, independent American movies lives on in writer-director Tim Kirkman's beautifully acted, structurally sophisticated heart-tugger.
Writer-director Kirkman takes the basic ingredients of a Lifetime movie and turns Loggerheads into something special indeed.
[An] underachieving indie.
A warm, even loving film.
An involving and occasionally moving character study.
Undeniably precious, it may make some viewers fidgety, but others will find that the reflective melancholy that overcomes both director and cast (all superb) is a sweet contagion.
Not only is the film distinguished by its very fine performances and lovely detail work but also by its fascinating timeline of events.
Unexpectedly resonant.
A beautifully subtle movie that gets its message across without screaming it into your ear with a megaphone.
The film is honorable in its intent of confronting middle-American intolerance and tackling different forms of shame, but its execution is flawed.
There's little dramatic tension in this well-acted, well-intentioned and painfully low-key tale of familial and emotional disconnection.
Kirkman's attention to detail and his deft handling of the interlocking plots make the film worth seeing.
Quietly involving, albeit uneven.



@highlight

Loggerheads is an understated, quietly moving character study, bolstered by great performances.