Mudbound is old-fashioned in the best sense. Its literary fidelity and historical heft offer an unsettling look at the past, while at the same time packing the visceral wallop of the present.
It depends on one's perspective, but this stunning film, gorgeously directed and skillfully acted, challenged mine.
New American classic Mudbound is a reminder of the brutality of American history, of the weight of generations of institutionalized bondage and familial racism, and of the possibility of love as survival.
The direction of Rees, well supported by the lyrical photography of Rachel Morrison -nominated to the Oscar for this work-, is centered more on the story, on her half dozen characters and on how the actors interpret them. (Review in Spanish)
...The magnificent cinematography of Rachel Morrison, the first woman in the history of the Oscars to be nominated in this category, condenses all the drama that the filmmaker Dee Rees transmits in a brutal but emotional way... [Full review in Spanish]
... the overburdened first act gradually acquires an effective narrative fluidity in confronting the latency of racism... [Full review in Spanish]
The ensemble cast is extraordinary. Miss this film at your risk.
While it occasionally threatens to get away from itself with its numerous subplots, Dee Rees's controlled direction gives Mudbound a focused narrative trajectory.
Hey, if endless degradation and sadness are your cuppa tea, then click on Mudbound.
In its split focus, the movie sometimes feels uncertain whose story it's telling. But the acting is strong.
Dee Rees' film is a study of historic division, but it has such a poetically tragic sense of the characters and their limitations that it transcends the period setting.
[Dee Rees'] created a historical epic about two Americas - people living side by side but utterly separated by experiences - that resonates in modern times.
The entire cast is remarkable.
Director-cowriter Dee Rees gives this 1940s drama such an epic scale that it might have played out better as a TV miniseries, with more time to flesh out the characters and complex situations. But the themes are so vivid that it still gets under the skin.
Sees things too simply in black and white only.
Most resounding are the indelible characters created by a wonderful cast.
This harrowing, intense, searing movie about two families bound together by land, war and poverty in rural Mississippi in the middle of the 20th Century is both foreign and familiar. Most of all, it is powerful.
The reason to watch this is for Morgan's performance as Hap. He bears every racist indignity with stoic resignation. His face is a mask of deference, but his eyes flash with outrage.
Not a great film, but a worthwhile one.
Unflinching and admirable epic melodrama that's particularly relevant now that white supremacy is back in the forefront of public consciousness.
Mudbound is going to be one of the hard to forget films of 2017 or this decade.
The film could easily be remade to fit modern times, which is disappointing. Mudbound is simultaneously devastating and uplifting
... in Mudbound we find a magnetic, restless and talented voice... [Full review in Spanish]
It's a disappointing end to an important if somewhat underambitious film, but it still succeeds in providing emotional resolution that reminds viewers why all this matters.
Mudbound typifies a new kind of unpleasant entertainment based on social-justice homilies. . .But Mudbound becomes tiresome from its opening scene. . .[It] lacks the authenticity and justification of genuine folk art.
Dee Rees created a remarkable piece of art that not only showcases a heartbreaking time in our history, but also causes you to question what pieces of this time still remain today.
Rees has a firm hand and a clear vision that gives Mudbound a balanced coherence that keeps you involved.
Rees does have a vision for the effort, helping to carry "Mudbound" through patches of familiarity, coming through with capable take on prejudice and rural isolation.
Exploring the resilient spirit and dark underbelly of the Jim Crow South, Dee Rees has created a new American classic.
Rees notably avoids the blinkered perspective such traditional stories often have; in doing so, she captures the racism of the period in ways both routine and heartbreaking.
Mudbound is a quality film, but it doesn't have the vision or depth of the novel.
an often extraordinary film-it is both epic and impressively personal despite its tapestry of characters
Confronting race, class, war, and the possibility of unity, Mudbound spellbinding drama reckons with the past to understand the present.
"Mudbound" sometimes falls prey to the obvious. Still, the performances convey a persuasive subtlety that the script itself doesn't always possess.
What this film says about race cannot be confined to one character or perspective. It seems to adhere to a novelistic approach, speaking through a collection of voices gleaned from two families' viewpoints in a larger diagram.
Every movie about systemic racism is as much about white Americans as any other group and the ways in which they've benefited from institutional prejudice. Mudbound brings an additional layer of nuance to the conversation.
What really lifts the heaviness of Mudbound's story over the top is the excellence of its cast, starting with Mulligan, who plays Laura as a woman whose adaptability to farm life is more about survival instinct than enthusiasm.
Mudbound is a sprawling family drama and portrait of Americana that can-and should-stand next to classics like Giant.
This beautifully composed film engrosses from the first frame to the last, breathtaking in its humanity and its ability to build out a fully realised world that never feels antiquated despite its 1940s period setting.
Except in one instance, the story is not overtly sentimentalized. Rees has been well served in this by her excellent ensemble.
A solid Southern story deserving of a far more epic canvas. Its oddly truncated shortcuts do not rob its memorable complexity and strong performances- suggesting seeds of positive change and productive compassion sometimes take root only fleetingly.
A strong collection of vividly drawn characters carry Rees's epic American story to a conclusion in which pain can't entirely trample hope.
There is an external and internal struggle within each of these six main characters.
"Dee Rees manages to imbue her film with the epic dignity a familial and cultural saga like this deserves."
A tale of two families that reveals the malevolent growth of racism in the United States.
... captures the way racial oppression has seeped into the very soil of America.
Mudbound may be a portrait of a time long gone, but it's still heartbreakingly relevant today.
A triumph by Rees as a filmmaker, showing she can handle a wide range of characters and settings to create a cohesive story.
Based on Hillary Jordan's novel, Mudbound -- co-adapted on the page by Rees and Virgil Williams -- is emotive but unsentimental: Traversing it feels as authentically gunky as the muddy swamps in which it is set.
Masterful drama set in 1940s South has brutality, racism.
If the plot of Mudbound is familiar, its very repetition is devastating, especially in this moment in US history.
How did Nina Simone put it? 'Mississippi Goddam!'
There are many themes in Dee Rees' beautifully rendered film Mudbound, which debuted on Netflix on Friday. But there are none more prescient, more timely than the ones that parallel the America we currently inhabit.
Its desire to address big American themes is well realised in the main plot, which credibly sets up a friendship between two war veterans.
The movie, like the book, takes a long, hard look at the system of racial inequality that defined this time and place, and reminds viewers of the price to be paid for surrendering to our base instincts.
Mudbound is a daring approach to a classical narrative, a film that tries to look from multiple perspectives at an intimate human drama that has far-reaching ramifications.
Elevating Netflix's theatrical game, Mudbound is a powerful and absorbing film, one that does a splendid job of preserving its literary voice while painting a densely layered portrait of two families in World War II-era Mississippi.
Deeply powerful and affecting, Mudbound refuses to shy away from asking some uncomfortable questions to which you might not like the answer.
With great performances across the board and a socially relevant story, Mudbound will resonate long after the credits roll.
The shifting voices help to create interiority without relying on inelegant exposition, and allow Rees to refract broad themes like love, war, and racism through very specific points of view.
With broad cinematic landscapes and rich literary themes, it is most certainly something best consumed in a widescreen theatrical format. But if streaming opens it to a larger audience, then all the better. We need more cinema like this.
It reads like a novel with its richness of characters, its palpable sense of place and its lacerating commentary on a nation where equality exists only on a dusty old document called the Declaration of Independence.
[A] sweeping slice of Americana, epic, but also intimate.
With an impeccable ensemble, taut tension, striking cinematography and a resplendent emotional intelligence, this drama one not to be missed.
"Mudbound" generates considerable emotion in the scenes between the two men, and Hedlund and Mitchell have a terrific natural rapport.
Blige, the queen of hip-hop and soul, is virtually unrecognizable, but her underplaying in no way negates her force. It's a self-contained force that she possesses here, and she knows when to loosen the bonds.
Mudbound is the work of a filmmaker whose vision is uninhibited. Even when it falters through later narrative twists that become almost too much to bear, it's a captivating experience-one that we're lucky exists.
[Dee] Rees directs this sprawling, supremely well-acted saga with a steady, realistic hand...
Writer/director Dee Rees (the filmmaker behind Bessie and Pariah) aims high with Mudbound, a sprawling Southern Gothic tale of two families whose fates are impossibly intertwined.
Fresh take on the old-fashioned, socially conscious, epic melodrama...for stunning re-creation of rural Mississippi in the 1940s...with return [of] veterans...gorgeous film.
Pop icon Blige, nearly unrecognizable, is a tower of strength and mercy as her character battles to support her besieged family through one hardship after another -- including one that is mercilessly barbaric.
This nuanced treatment of race relations in the Deep South during and just after the war keeps adding detail until we are well prepared for the melodramatic moments in the concluding segment.
Director Dee Reese uses the lengthy runtime to develop these characters, and we feel genuinely thunderstruck when calamity falls, as powerfully as a punch to the head.
Initially slow-moving and measured, Mudbound builds into a powerful drama in which everyone is at the mercy of a deep-rooted racism.
A slow and brutal burn, but worth it for the devastating finale.
A powerfully emotional and all-too-relevant race relations drama that marks out director Rees as a significant talent to watch. Place your Oscar bets now.
Mudboundis easy to admire but tough to watch at times. It tells a truthful tale from America's not-so-distant past. The highest compliment I can pay Rees is that her movie feels truthful.
Williams and Rees maintain the scope of a years-long, multi-character, and period-specific story without sacrificing any of the depth that could come from it.
...an arresting portrait of a place, people, and time...
They're fine actors doing good work, but their stories don't amount to much. Mudbound's real drama lies elsewhere, in a relationship that doesn't even begin until the final movement.
Though the film is a little wobbly up front, it's fully worth wading through.
What redeems all this sprawl is Rees' precision, thoughtfulness, and sheer authenticity.
It's the best movie I've seen this year.
Unlike many other adaptations, Mudbound uses the detail, mood, and even the predictability of the novel to its advantage.
Mudbound makes its point by taking its time. You have to be patient with it. There's no drama in Mudbound. This is no 12 Years A Slave or Django Unchained. This is a quiet depiction of family life, about daily endurance and survival.
You couldn't call it a hopeful film, exactly. But there is plenty of hope around the edges.
The movie harvests so much new feeling from its tragic images of life and death in the Mississippi Delta that Rees' name belongs on any list of the year's best directors.
Rees always finds balancing notes here - of humanity, passion and true love. It's a tale as messy as its muddy fields, and it's a must-watch.
For its part, Mudbound is a powerful story about race and class, told by a bold, new-ish cinematic voice in director and co-writer Dee Rees. There were plenty of tears following the Sundance screening I attended.
Redemption and hope eventually shine through here and there, and when that happens, it's a beautiful thing.
Both women stand out as the film's shining stars: Mulligan for portraying Laura with a romanticism that makes her subjugation even more painful, while Blige instills a hope and strength in Florence in much the same way her music has done for women.
Rees isn't content simply to diagnose a punishing, self-perpetuating cycle: This is a film buoyed by humanism that feels chastening, liberating and healing, all at the same time.
We've seen stories like this one before on screen, but what's new, and arresting, about "Mudbound" is how easily and persuasively director Rees moves between these families.
Dee Rees's story of one black and one white family struggling in the WW II-era South is a fiercely intimate epic that couldn't be more timely. Mary J. Blige should be on every Oscar list for best supporting actress.
Mudbound is absorbing: the language, performance and direction all have real sinew.
It's a work of historical imagination that lands in the present with disquieting, illuminating force.
Director Dee Rees masterfully executes her character study, filling the frame with visuals as big and powerful as the emotions she draws from her superb cast.
For an epic that might easily be titled "America", Mudbound is never heavy-handed or pretentious.
I'm not quite sure how Rees has done it, exactly, but the depth of heartbreak and humanity in this - just her second feature film - is remarkable.
The story's eventual move into brutality is all the more devastating because of well-observed intimacy that preceded it.
Rees does a skillful job making us feel these inequities as they take place over time and become the fabric of lives, the basis of the assumptions people make about race and culture - the way things are.
Unflinching in its treatment of a difficult subject, yet boasting the craftsmanship and narrative drive of a sweeping historical epic, it's a film that's very much in dialogue with US politics today.
Mudbound is beautiful, complex and flawless, regardless of who made it. That it happens to come from a queer black woman is both significant and irrelevant: Brilliance is brilliance, no matter its packaging.
Mudbound is four-square and unshowy, and you might mistake it for old-fashioned. But the presence of an African-American director behind the camera affects everything in front of it.
In its own earnest way, it is very moving.
It's a film about being brutalized, about being diminished, about small sobbing cries in the night. But also, the small desperate hope that somewhere, someone, will hear.
The shape of modern America is glimpsed behind the drama in this graceful, devastating film.
Mudbound finds its pace as a tale of forbidden friendships amid the inhuman social hierarchy of the Jim Crow south, it builds inexorably to a far too believable climax.
Dee Rees's Deep South melodrama is an instant classic.
Dee Rees ("Pariah") tackles an epic story from the Deep South to WWII battlefields, adapting Hillary Jordan's novel from multiple points of view with the assurance of a far more experienced filmmaker.
Despite its often brutal realism, Mudbound isn't masochistic; it leaves room for hope, and argues fiercely for love.
With this sweeping epic, Dee Rees has created a racially charged melodrama that's hard to shake.
Immediate and visceral, Mudbound boasts powerful, and devastating, contemporary relevance.
Mudbound is beautifully shot, well-edited, well-acted, well-scored and well-directed.
Rees uses voice-overs to bring the many characters to life, but the text is thin; the movie's exposition is needlessly slow and stepwise, and the drama, though affecting, is literal and oversimplified.
Mudbound is an essential film in its depiction of racism.
Mudbound finds itself unable to transcend its own conventions.
Mudbound is as good an example as you need for why diversity behind the camera matters.
Compelling, heartbreaking, and bold, Mudbound is an absolute must-see.
Give Dee Rees all the awards!
Mudbound is a thoughtful treatise on who we're willing to empathize with, and when, and why.
The film, and by extension Rees, is fidgety as far as placing such a dynamic in focus, almost as if she's unwilling to lean towards one clear idea of what their races mean for one another, toward any answer for the question her film poses.
If you had any doubts Mary J. Blige was an actress, 'Mudbound' proves you wrong.
Mudbound is a small-budget movie with big ambitions. A broad and emotional historical melodrama of the kind we don't see too much of anymore, it very often comes close to overheating.
It encompasses, with many brilliant brush strokes, the problems that lie in the American landscape, problems that still pertain to the political conversation today.
"The film is sweeping, but the payoff - though violent, painful, and desperate is worth every single minute."
"Mudbound" is a beauteous piece, utterly ravishing to the eyes and even more splendid on the soul. An Oscar-worthy and exquisite cinematic film that we should be so lucky to have available to us.
Writer-director Dee Rees' adaptation of Hillary Jordan's 2008 novel contains powerful moments and loads of atmosphere.
You could watch the beginning and end of this movie and understand its point, but the underlying ideological concerns help Mudbound remain involving throughout.
The poverty on the farm is visceral. No matter what stations in life these characters hold, they are painted in mud, and no amount of money can save them from it.
It features impeccable performances from a cast led by Carey Mulligan, Garrett Hedlund and Mary J Blige, and attempts, unashamedly, to ask enormous, difficult and quintessential questions about the nature of -- yes, believe it -- the American soul.
Though Mudbound represent a period of injustice consigned to history, its examination of a toxic, racist masculinity stuck in the past could hardly be more relevant today.
Beautiful to look at, but way too much despair.
A unique means of exploring prejudice, chronicling the journey of a man who helped to defeat a fascist dictator, only to then be subject to hatred from his own compatriots.
As striking as the combat scenes are, they largely exist as setup for the postwar-set second half of the film, which scrutinizes the way that the atrocities witnessed in Europe laid bare the unsustainable hypocrisy in America's own bigoted divisions.
It's the kind of big, meaty storytelling that can feel awfully invigorating amidst a sea of wispier indie fare.
So many films about America's past treat our sins as though they've all been washed away. Mudbound, like the best of its ilk, knows that's not the case. It lingers on small indignities and tiny moments of grace.
Mudbound (remember that title!) is a handsomely made, urgently relevant drama... unfolding with both a Faulkner-like lyricism and a cutting contemporary resonance.
Mixing poetic voiceover and gorgeous cinematography, time and again the frame fills with extraordinary observations and grace notes.
Much like director Dee Rees did in Pariah, she creates a film of tremendous empathy, one which never loses sight of its female cast members and the gender expectations they are expected to submit to.
Rees's first film, 'Pariah,' was a small, bracing character study; here, she makes a sweeping period drama, and in one film has catapulted herself from a promising newcomer to a thrilling master filmmaker.
Rees's magic touch as a filmmaker ... is powered by her ability to break her characters open one by one and reveal their souls.
Rees broadens her focus on race here and communicates something that's initially familiar and eventually haunting about the cyclical nature of ignorance and oppression.
Amidst the masterful storytelling of Mudbound, one of the most powerful punches is that this is not a period drama, in the sense that the fear and privilege linger on, and the violence has never stopped.
Mudbound takes its time before grounding itself as a great film.
Filled with scenes both broad and understated, Mudbound may take some time to find an engaging rhythm and poignant depth, but once it does, the powerful last act will not be soon forgotten.
A sprawling, ambitious drama, filled with multiple character viewpoints and arcs, and yet always so confidently conveyed that one never loses the humanity at its core.
While Mudbound is rooted in a precise historical moment, it's also a sobering commentary on timeless struggles.
What Dee Rees has done here is remarkable. The themes of racial injustice alone would make this movie "important," but what she's done with her film makes it an epic.
Its vision of a world where class, cowardice, and extremism circumscribe our common humanity is devastating.
She may hit a few slip-ups en route, but eventually, Rees finds success in most everything she aims to accomplish. And these are no paltry deeds, either.
Mudbound may be set over 70 years ago, but its layered and affecting approach to race, love, and family feels especially relevant - and necessary - today.
if Sundance has a raison d'etre, it's to give movies like this a platform, andthis isa movie well-worthy of the opportunity to break out.
An ambitious, superbly acted epic of racial discord ...
It's a film brimming with rich characters, incredible performances, nuanced direction, and a pitch-perfect script.
If the film is novelistic in its sprawl, maybe sometimes to a fault, it's written in poetry as well as prose.
With Mudbound, Rees shows she has full command of the dramatic strength of such serious content, and how it relates to our world today.
"Mudbound" soars thanks to the impressive performances of the ensemble cast and, notably, Dee Rees' intent on depicting the harsh reality of the pre-Civil Rights era warts and all.
Mudbound is full of strong performances, singular moments, and a heavy heart, but it's an over-ambitious affair that struggles to find the right balance between its many characters.
A hymn to what we all share - the human struggle, the mutual desire to succeed and create a better world for our children - and it is a damning indictment of those who stand in the way of such progress.
This densely textured, populous narrative ... is given novelistic room to breathe and a slow-burn intensity that builds to a shattering conclusion.
Its powerful moments are too often swamped by melodrama that undercuts the director's skills as a storyteller.

@highlight

Mudbound offers a well-acted, finely detailed snapshot of American history whose scenes of rural class struggle resonate far beyond their period setting.