It's one of the most vivid, visceral movies you've ever seen. It's cheesy enough for ten Swiss villages. It's James Cameron delivering an action thrill ride, at the top of his game. It will transform the way you think about movies forever.
For Avatar to stand the test of time, what really matters is the story. And here it falls short.
In my opinion, Avatar has been hyped beyond the point of forgiveness.
Learning your visuals from Jack Kirby is one thing, but too often it sounds like Cameron learned to write dialogue from the guy too.
Overall, Avatar was really about the jaw-dropping visual effects--that's the great thing about it.
It is, put simply, quite beautiful, and existing in that world for two-and-a-half hours is an experience unlike any other in cinema.
Whatever its futuristic setting, and whatever its debt to the past, Avatar is very much a movie for our time.
Avatar showed me something I have never seen before. It reminded me of what movies can do, of what they're capable of, of what the experience of sitting down for three hours in a dark room can really mean.
Cameron's $300 million baby is nothing but a 5- and 10-cent snore.
This sci-fi epic would be a masterpiece if judged solely on its technical merits.
Cameron is flexing his creative muscles, but the film never overcomes the nagging feeling that he's also simply going through the motions.
Piercing the hype, Avatar may not be a "game changer", but I'll be damned if the game didn't just get a hell of a lot more interesting from here on in.
While it wasn't the most original narrative, it serves the film well, even if it was merely a template for Cameron to show us this gorgeous world and its landscapes.
Planet Pandora's plant and animal life is done with a wonder that has been often absent from fiction screens.
It's both wildly original and hauntingly familiar, like Dances With Wolves in a galaxy far, far away.
It is far too long and the romance is half-hearted. Still, you'd have to travel very far to feel so fully immersed in another world.
It's good. It should have been better.
It may not change the world, but it'll certainly provide enjoyment to many millions of people all over it.
As a fantasy epic, Avatar is an undeniable victory ... but outside of the narrow confines of immersion he's managed, it's also quite limited.
The nature scenes are nothing short of magical in this film.
Spiritually moving, visually daring and emotionally stirring, Avatar is classic storytelling at its very best.
"Avatar" looks amazing on Blu-ray. If the plot wasn't so pedestrian, it could have been a great film. Paul Chambers, CNN.
If you ever wondered what a live-action Hayao Miyazaki film would look like, Avatar is a damn good approximation.
You can feel Cameron's anger and his passion every time a Na'vi roars. The most exhilarating moments are those when you can feel the director urging his actors to let go completely, to become furious, and to unleash hell.
For all the justifiable knocks on James Cameron's writing, his personal investment in any project is never in doubt. With "Avatar," his passion for pushing the very possibilities of film as a medium pays off. Here's hoping we see him again before 2021.
Avatar is a joyous celebration of story craft and the visual possibilities of cinema. Cameron had set his sights on taking the technology of film where no one had gone before. And he delivers. Avatar is stunning. Cameron and Peter Jackson's Weta Digital h
If cinema is pure escapism, then Avatar provides the ultimate journey to a world unlike anything seen before it, with a deep spiritual core giving substance to its most impressive display of style.
There is so much that is remarkable about Avatar that its failings - clunky writing, clumsy love story - are easily brushed away.
Hype and overly zealous fans be equally damned, Avatar remains a fine, if flawed, film.
It's rare that a movie can inspire genuine awe but Cameron has succeeded in another landmark technical achievement.
Demonstrates just how much the world of mainstream Hollywood action filmmaking has suffered without James Cameron active the last decade-plus.
As adventure movies go, it is impressively new in every way except the way that matters most -- storytelling. Its look will last. But its heart won't go on.
After revisiting Pandora via Blu-ray transmission, I have to state the obvious: this is some serious movie-making. There's good reason it's the highest grosser in film history.
Who needs 3-D? The Blu-ray Avatar jumps off the small screen until the director's clunky moralizing takes over.
Avatar spans genres and will truly please all generations of a family with perfect pacing that makes the 162 minute running time feel like a breeze.
A spectacular visual experience unlike anything you've seen before.
It's the experience, more than the story, that's worth celebrating here.
The movie looks like the kind of gaudy, 1970s airbrush painting you'd see on a van owned by your stoner friend who goes to too many Rush concerts.
Every ounce of James Cameron's energy in this fantasy epic is in making the audience's eyes pop out and lie on the floor in submission to the 3-D wonderment on the screen.
El argumento no es innovador pese a lo que el mismo Cameron pueda decir, sin embargo, visualmente en cine y en 3D, nunca se ha visto nada como Avatar.
For all its powerful technologies, Avatar can't get out from under its essential cardboardness.
"The year's most ambitious film is so breathtaking, it detracts you from the fact that Cameron's characters are caricatures, and too much of the dialogue is stock. The good news? None of it matters."
Ambitious but not overreaching, Avatar is a stunning piece of blue heaven.
Entertaining enough and stunning to look at but essentially an exceedingly detailed three hour video game -- without the benefit of remote controls
Rebirths the old fashioned action epic in a era of soulless marketing machines, desensitizing shock pieces, and overrated indie-art imposters. Cameron's vision exceeds the hype.
...a big, dumb movie built to make money but hardly worthy of serious examination. Avatar isn't only critic-proof, it resists serious criticism. You might as well analyze a beach ball.
...as lush and impressive as one might've expected.
It's almost completely hokey, but it's also a major work, a first-class piece of big mainstream filmmaking.
It's safe to say computer graphics will never be the same.
With its incredibly stunning visuals and compelling story line, James Cameron's 'Avatar' is memorable and meaningful. It's so much more than a film that looks cool with a 3-D treatment.
There is nothing new in the story department, but let's give it some credit for tapping into a cultural zeitgeist of sorts and approaching its well-worn story with renewed technical pizazz.
Cameron nous offre un spectacle diablement efficace, et le document le plus pertinent jusqu'à maintenant pour justifier l'émergence des nouvelles technologies 3-D au cinéma.
Alternates between a slurry of Franz Marc expressionism and the most elaborate Thundercats episode ever made
Worthington and Saldana provide enough wattage to keep the film's human center alive and beating, while Cameron wraps their story in an armature of generally impressive 3D attractions as well as a righteousness that's touching yet all too simplistic
When all the hype and hullabaloo about Avatar calms down, we will be left with a film that's no masterpiece, but still well worth seeing.
Avatar is overlong, dramatically two-dimensional, smug and simplistic.
Yes, you are effectively watching a special effects showcase - but no more so than Peter Jackson's Lord Of The Rings. And that was nine hours long. So go and see Avatar on the biggest screen possible - you won't regret it.
Avatar is a phenomenon you can't ignore, monumentally imposing and done with extraordinary expertise - but the same could be said of the Dubai skyline, and I'm not sure that represents any future worth investing in.
It's 100% genuinely undeniably categorically without-a-doubt unlike anything you've ever seen before and if you like graphics and special effects and stuff that's totally new, you'll love it.
Un entretenimiento fascinante, con pasajes de inusual belleza, servido con mano maestra por James Cameron. Es también un alegato ecologista y pacifista, justo en tiempos de creciente militarismo y abuso de recursos naturales.
Action, splendid visuals, romance, and even relevance. Energized pace outshines even the juicy special effects, which seamlessly integrate live action and cgi.
But everything about the story, the setting, the dialog, and the parts that aren't purely visual is awful.
Although it looks seamless and wonderful, I'm starting to wonder how worthy it really is to use high-end computer animation to top the next movie in approximating real life.
[Cameron] is still the king of action and suspense, the last third such a visceral whirlwind of kinetically staged mayhem my eyes almost popped right out of their sockets.
Works as both a socially conscious Western update and as a true SF film, revealing the influences of such fine genre writers as Philip Jose Farmer, Larry Niven and especially Edgar Rice Burroughs (the 'John Carter of Mars' series).
as grand in scope, ambitious in production, and technologically advanced as we would expect
And with this, the film decade comes to a disappointing conclusion.
A wonder to behold, a story to forget.
Breaks technological ground with stunning visuals, but disappoints on story and characters - which still do matter.
In spite of the amazing effects, it's yet another lemon from Cameron...
Cameron's eye-popping visuals are the story, particularly because the actual narrative is too simple to sustain the 150-minute run time.
... a largely humorless movie that plays like the sensitive white man-goes-native saga, Dances with Wolves in Outer Space.
Avatar is an enormously entertaining piece of screen spectacle that goes a long way toward redeeming the somewhat debased concept of a Hollywood blockbuster...
By the time the big battle rolls around in the last quarter we've had enough of Pandora and the Na'Vi and Avatar, and are ready to take another five-year vacation from James Cameron.
From the music to the muse, this is clearly a James Cameron flick, clearly a masterpiece, and clearly marks a revolution in blockbusters, for if you only see one film in a 3-D cinema this year, make it Avatar.
Does it signal the death of movies as we know them, as suggested? I doubt it -- not in the least because, technology to one side, it very much is movies as we know them.
A visually stunning anti-imperialist entertainment! Who could ask for more?
Adjectives such as "beautiful" and "breathtaking" have been thrown at Avatar, and they're apt. But I'll throw in a third B: Boring.
Like James Cameron's previous film, TITANIC, there are enough good bits to make a really great film and enough bad bits to make a real stinker. Go for what is good and ignore the bad.
Filmed in mind-blowing IMAX 3-D, the story is so entertaining that I soon paid little attention to the 3-D.
New Age agitprop ga dovodi na rub samoparodije
There is plenty of gee-whiz technology to keep the audience marveling over how they did this and that, so that, with any luck, viewers won't dwell too long on the derivative, unimaginative story and the shallow characters.
Audiences will find it to be a brilliantly, stunning entertaining fantasy!
... like the Jurassic Park (dinosaurs)... (believe) the world of Pandora does indeed exist. Then there's the better news: the characters and story are just as believable.
Staggering, spellbinding, a virtual trip to another world. Cameron has created the best film of the year and maybe of the decade
The narrative would be ho-hum without the spectacle. But what spectacle! Avatar is dizzying, enveloping, vertiginous ... I ran out of adjectives an hour into its 161 minutes.
The only film capable of surpassing Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen as the Fanboy Fave of 2009, James Cameron's massively hyped Avatar at least differs from Michael Bay's boondoggle in that it's, you know, entertaining.
What Avatar does best of all is immerse the viewer in this alien world until it seems like home.
Enough toys to please all the kiddies in the audience.
A born again, freshly buffed wheelchair warrior turned unwitting capitalist tool in league with a digitalized free spirit princess, takes on forest foreclosure and the military industrial complex, in this breathtaking futuristic identity theft odyssey.
I had the feeling coming out of this movie that I haven't felt since maybe I was eleven years old in 1977 and I saw Star Wars for the first time.
Forget dancing with wolves, howzabout doing the Funky Chicken with aliens?
After a second viewing at a better theater, I feel this movie is more fresh than rotten. The stunning visuals are slightly better than the unoriginal plot and horrendous dialogue.
Avatar is great to look at, often astonishing and sometimes beautiful. But, oh, is the story pedestrian.
This movie feels exactly like watching your friend play the greatest video game ever. It looks pretty, but eventually gets boring.
Director James Cameron has once again reminded us why we go to the movies and why screens the size of the stories-tall Imax are still necessary.
Full of that rare movie magic which can transport, entertain and intrigue, this sci-fi fantasy is a fun amusement park ride that ignites your imagination.
James Cameron invented a world comparable to George Lucas' galaxy of long ago, far, far away and as original as what Peter Jackson did with J.R.R. Tolkien's Middle-Earth.
I'd be hard-pressed to recall another movie that so fully transported me to a world that doesn't exist. Avatar is one of the most exciting and thrilling moviegoing experiences I've ever had.
The Na'vi consider seeing, in the sense of grok or ken, to be fundamental in tribal life and in navigating Pandora. If you allow yourself to see Avatar as it was meant, you will love it as I did. I can't wait to go there again.
Strike up the band. Light up the fireworks. Bake the cannoli. Yes, everything you heard about Avatar is true. James Cameron's epic fantasy trip is as wondrous and engrossing as his Titanic was over-praised and ultimately silly.
James Cameron, in his first feature film since "Titanic" in 1997, has the right to reclaim the title of King of the (Cinematic) World with this monumental epic.
And for the epic battle at the end, well let me just say it's as believable as the Ewoks beating the Empire at the end of Return of the Jedi.
This movie takes itself way too seriously; there are no cute or funny moments, no rah, rah, nothing. I didn't love this movie or hate it. It''s one big blurry pile of meh.
It stops being a story at all and is instead just a sheer, unmitigated visual and auditory experience, two hours and forty minutes of being exposed to a brand new world.
When James Cameron boasts about his latest macro-budgeted movie pushes the limits of cinema, he sounds like a politician bragging about a pork barrel project. Unlike elected officials, Cameron actually delivers.
The film gets the closest any has to fulfilling the 3-D format's fundamental mission of creating a new, immersive way of looking at movies.
A brilliant, visual extravaganza that's simultaneously thrilling, provocative and surprisingly moving. It's destined to become a sci-fi classic.
if it runs out of imagination and even some credibility when it comes to the plot, well, there is still enough on the screen to qualify as entertaining eye candy.
Pay attention to what James Cameron has done with his truly spectacular looking Avatar. This, my friends, is the right way to create a 3D film experience.
Pandora is so immersive, its native cultures so well realized that any fantasy novelists watching will surely weep from the world-building gauntlet thrown down. Top this!
The best picture of 2009, one of the best films of the decade and, really, one of the best movies I've ever seen.
a bold and imaginative vision brought low by a script that plays it very, very safe
Don't just see it. See it in 3D. See it in IMAX 3D. This presentation is easily one of the most spectacular things you will see on the big screen.
My expectations were more than satisfied by Avatar, a spectacular flight of fancy that has a strong enough story to keep up with and be enhanced by the OMG technology.
It's a remote-control movie experience, a high-tech "wish you were here" scribbled on a very expensive postcard.
This masterpiece is definitely one experience worth braving text a lot guy, talking teen girls and parents who can't be bothered to get a babysitter to see in the theater.
James Cameron's "Avatar" is the most amazing ... no, wait: the most staggeringly amazing, jaw-droppingly triple-awesome unbelievable movie ever made.
Hardwired for hyperbole, as sensational as it is ridiculous, Avatar is, simply, a feat of fearless imagination and audacity.
It's all too easy to tangle with the political and situational gauntlets he lays down, but as a showman Cameron will not be denied.
The most-hyped movie of the year just about merits it.
Big money, big risk, pretty big reward. That's been his consistent pattern, and it's high time to give credit where credit is overdue: James Cameron delivers.
I have seen the future of movies, and it is Avatar.
Cameron and his legion of CGI experts and skilled craftspeople have delivered a lovely, misty, dangerous world.
Avatar is revolutionary at least in this way: It is the most convincingly realized artificial world ever created from scratch for the screen. It's a movie to luxuriate in.
Action-heavy epic has dazzling effects, familiar story.
Worth seeing--and, yes, in a theater--for its legitimate "wow factor"...a visually intriguing diversion and instant movie history.
'Avatar' is a very big, very enjoyable, summertime action film that, much as it covers several actors in computer-generated imagery, drapes new flesh over very old bones.
It is cool. But all this "change the way you look at films" hype is just that. While Avatar is impressively seamless, you're never fooled. This doesn't look like a documentary film; it looks like a video game.
Pandora is still a good place to park yourself for three hours.
Not only does Cameron blur the line between reality and CGI, he's at once jingoistic and anti-hawk. Right-wingers will feel welcomed in the first half, the left-brained will be vindicated by the climax.
Nothing destroys a decent movie more than calling it great, and while this one's a little better than decent, it's definitely a long way from great.
I already saw this story earlier this year in a CGI animation called "Battle for Terra" and I certainly didn't experience the sense of awe that I recall upon seeing "Jurassic Park" way back in 1993...
Cameron's signature achievement may have been to prove, beyond a shadow of a doubt, the oldest of all Hollywood maxims: all the money in the world is no subsitute for fresh ideas and a solid script.
For all its flaws as art, Mr. Cameron has served up functional entertainment with a gigantic price tag.
Avatar, essentially, is a film we've seen before, boldly made to look like nothing we've seen before. It is truly the Star Wars of our age.
The $400-million, 162-minute mega movie will be more scrutinized than Bigfoot photos snapped by Geraldo or Willie Nelson's agricultural deductions on his 1040EZ form.
The effects of Avatar are certainly something to see, especially on an Imax screen the size of an upended football field. But it's difficult to tell if the game has really been changed or not.
...grandly spectacular, even if occasionally daft and overblown.
It's an achievement to make 3D look as good as it does here, but that counts for little if the characters are all in 1D. The film is a triumph of effects over affect.
It's impossible to fully consider James Cameron's long-in-the-making eco-opus Avatar without examining the film's technological wonders and storytelling blunders separately.
Like staring at the world's most expensive screensaver. - NERVE.COM
By definitively blending animation and live action, Cameron has broken the CG barrier, presenting us with a film that easily travels from the human world to the fantastical and back.
This could have been Dances With Wolves on acid, but instead it's like a rave with hippies (on acid). Trippy, but not as deep as it thinks it is.
Avatar is James Cameron doing what he does best - blowing things up with awesome special effects, while tying the set pieces together with a story worth telling. The king of the (sci-fi) world is back. Long live the king!
A run-don't-walk cinematic experience that, if it won't actually change the medium (as the film's trailers espouse), will absolutely remind us of what's good in it.
It's the breathtakingly beautiful CGI landscape that somehow pulls the audience in on this tale of profit and progress versus nature's power and infinite variety.
Is Avatar worth seeing? Yes, on a big screen in 3D because it really is spectacular. The Na'vi are more expressive than any previous examples of motioncapture technology, except Gollum in The Lord Of The Rings.
Avatar truly is something else, a wondrously-detailed visual extravaganza quite unlike anything you've seen before.
Mr. Cameron's singular vision has upped the ante for filmed entertainment, and given us a travelogue unlike any other. I wouldn't want to live on Pandora, mainly because of the bad air, but I'm glad to have paid it a visit.
The villains are mostly out of pantomime; much of the dialogue needs a stretcher; and the save-the-rainforest plot is a pain. Just take your eyes to the film. Leave all other faculties at home.
Avatar is suspenseful, thrilling and much too long.
Cameron's technical wizardry far outstrips his narrative capability, and the last third of the picture goes full-tilt into action mode, blitzing all before it with aerial explosions and hand-to-hand combat.
Avatar may be a little hollow in the centre but the sheer scale and ambition of the production make it hard to beat. Never mind the inadequacies of the story, just savour the spectacle and what can be achieved with the appliance of science.
It's truly unlike anything you've seen before. Don your 3D specs and you're instantly so sucked into the world of Avatar you pay zero attention to the plot - then realise hey, that's no loss.
It's all nonsense of course, but in the best possible way; pure Hollywood entertainment at it's best. Take the misses or take your mates, see it at the cinema and see it in 3D. This is, after all, what cinema was made for.
Despite a few flaws, Avatar is an extraordinary experience that more than lives up to the hype.
A mind-bending epic that's both visually spectacular and emotionally involving. And the fact that it's in gorgeously rendered 3D is icing on the cake.
Spectacular? Exciting? Beautiful? Unique? Yes, yes, yes and oh HELL yes. It's like nothing else you've ever seen. And believe me - you need to see it.
The film offers a vision on a scale next to genius in terms of his imagination. The sheer artistry of the computer animators is first class, too.
At times it's wince-inducingly weak, and no amount of lush visuals can disguise that. Nor can they disguise how second-hand everything feels.
Anyone with an interest in films and filmmaking will appreciate what writer-director James Cameron has achieved.
Hugely entertaining (and surprisingly moving).
A virtual apotheosis of Hollywood mythopoeia.
[T]he bringing to life of Pandora and the Na'vi is a quantum leap forward in movie special effects. It seems so real you may be tempted to book a trip there yourself.
There's just not enough here to make a complete and satisfying movie experience.
Surgindo como uma espécie de western sci-fi (ou sci-fistern?), Avatar surpreende ao se revelar uma espécie de Dança com Lobos via Matrix e com amplas pitadas de A Missão, numa combinação inusitada que acaba funcionando muitíssimo bem.
The artistry behind the images is clear, and the technical implementation of them is the most seamless and persuasive so far. Beyond that detached appreciation, though, there's little more in which to be invested in Avatar.
With Avatar, Cameron has created the first great epic of the 21st century and a new benchmark in filmmaking. No wonder that this took 4 years to produce, it was worth every minute to get this right.
Yes, the wonderful CGI effects and sophisticated editing rhythms in these moments represent all that's good about contemporary blockbuster cinema. But the film is compromised by a rather juvenile story exposition. A pity.
Titanic budget supports an old story and some military hardware
The relatively small truth that it has some embarrassing moments of dialogue and a simple plot and superficial resemblances to other movies doesnâ(TM)t change the fact that it blasts open the possibilities of the cinema as few films ever have.
This is the most technically amazing motion picture to have arrived on screens in many years.
An ambitious, fully immersive cinematic experience.
A Well-Deserved 5 Stars - you can't stop thinking about it.
Avatar is a landmark film everyone will be talking about.
The film's trailers don't fully convey the credible magnificence of Cameron's vision, one that sucks us in and makes us believe.
Wow! No, make that WOW!!!
James Cameron has turned one man's dream of the movies into a trippy joy ride about the end of life -- our moviegoing life included -- as we know it.
In Avatar Cameron creates an Oz that's as tactile and tangible as if it were made of real materials and real tissue.
This digital world feels like a video game environment and, in the 3-D format at least, begins to create visual overload. The film's performances are also very inconsistent.
Cameron has fared better than most in wedding cutting-edge special effects with ... genre storytelling, but Avatar, his supremely goofy science-fiction/action spectacular, finds him lost in a $250 million aquamarine light show.
a stunning masterpiece.
The technical wizardry is at the service of a recycled plot and a script rife with cardboard characters...and dialogue that sounds as though it had been lifted from the pages of a third-rate comic book.
For video gamers and fun-seeking geeks, those puny objections will be flattened beneath the titanic technical achievement.
Whatever way you choose to look at it, Avatar's shock and awe demand to be seen. You've never experienced anything like it, and neither has anyone else.
Everyone recites their lines, awkwardly laying out exposition, speaking their clunky dialogue. None of this is supposed to matter, because we're presumably busy marveling at all the money on display.
Parental Content Review
Above all, Cameron remains committed to the discovering of new worlds at a moment when we seem so certain that everything worth discovering already has been.
Watching it, I began to understand how people in 1933 must have felt when they saw King Kong.
It's thrilling and lovely and sad and explosive in all the right ways, and it needs to be seen -- on the big screen, in 3-D -- to be believed.
James Cameron's visually spectacular opus has enough soul to escape being hoisted on its own mechanically sharpened petard.
James Cameron's long-awaited, unspeakably expensive 3-D epic may not change the way we watch movies, but it's undeniably beautiful, engrossing, and sets a new bar in computer-generated animation. Not bad for the King of the World.
Little more than this decade's "The Phantom Menace," both in terms of the intense expectations that it has generated and the shockingly banal ways in which it fails to live up to them.
It is impossible not to be completely immersed in the stunning visuals with such painstakingly intricate details that it would take a few viewings to catch everything.
The genre elements are all there: What critically wounds Avatar is Cameron's inability to write better characters.
Twelve years after his triumph with Titanic, Cameron has successfully made a digital blockbuster feel as warm as an old-time movie, where blood temperature was more important than pixels.
The film vibrates with the excitement of discovery and awe. Not just for the sight of six-legged rhinos and butterfly-hued dragons, but for the thousands of hours of work that unite here in a creative epiphany.
You, dear reader, want to know: Is it or is it not stupendously friggin' rad? And the answer is yes. For most of the first hour, a good portion of the second, and even many of the 40 minutes left after that, Avatar is stupendously friggin' rad.
One presumes that Cameron missed the irony in making a preachy, anti-technology movie using the most technologically advanced tools available.
While Cameron is justifiably proud of the groundbreaking special effects, the actual contents of the film -- the story, the characters, the dialogue -- are disappointingly mediocre.
It's rare to recommend seeing a movie for its effects alone, but that's exactly the case here.
Some filmmakers have chosen to portray heightened images with technology, but some are just settling for it. James Cameron has stepped in to show them how it's really done.
... The kind of experience that defines the term 'event movie.'
I've never seen a 3-D feature that made me especially hungry for more . . . until now. ...but for all the visual depth, there is little depth to the characters or the conflicts.
Combining beyond-state-of-the-art moviemaking with a tried-and-true storyline and a gamer-geek sensibility -- not to mention a love angle, an otherworldly bestiary, and an arsenal of 22d-century weaponry -- the movie quite simply rocks.
Avatar is an entertainment to be not just seen but absorbed on a molecular level; it's as close to a full-body experience as we'll get until they invent the holo-suits. Cameron aims for sheer wonderment, and he delivers.
For all the grandeur and technical virtuosity of the mythical 3-D universe Cameron labored for years to perfect, his characters are one-dimensional, rarely saying anything unexpected. But for much of the movie, that hardly matters.
If Cameron were more prepared to challenge our expectations, Avatar might have been what he intended. Instead, it's a beautiful folly, a technical wonder that represents a failure of nerve.
James Cameron's Avatar is the most beautiful film I've seen in years.
One of the best films of the year. However, Avatar's 'message' of human greed and unnecessary needs is nearly laughable considering the flick is one of the most expensive films of all time.
Avatar falls short with its story, but it ultimately succeeds with its incredible special effects.
As visionary tour guide, Cameron has no equal. Predictable story, clichéd dialogue and logical lapses aside, he's still the man we want leading us into his Pandora's box.
Avatar might well be, as some have speculated, the future of movies -- in this case, the longest, loudest (James Horner with the 3-D equivalent of a soundtrack), most expensive ad for a video game ever made.
Along with the eye-popping visuals in writer-director James Cameron's sci-fi epic, there's also a lot of eye-rollingly silly stuff.
It extends the possibilities of what movies can do. Cameron's talent may just be as big as his dreams.
The movie is gorgeous, funny, fun, and engrossing in a way that a lot of movies aim for but few achieve.
It's rarely less than absorbing and never boring over its nearly three-hour length.
If only Cameron, who also wrote the script, had spent as much time on the story as he did the effects he uses to tell it.
I can imagine Robert Zemeckis watching James Cameron's Avatar with an expression on his face not unlike F. Murray Abraham's Salieri listening to his first Mozart composition in Amadeus.
For all of the talk about how Avatar is going to revolutionize moviemaking and change films forever, the finished product is nothing more than just another movie with lots of stuff going boom
Avatar may be a technical masterpiece, but there are deep storytelling flaws that keep the film from working as the complete experience promised by the visual expertise.
The much-hyped sci-fi actioner Avatar is the perfect showcase for Cameron's strengths...and his flaws.
We're not here for the plot, we're here for the cool-ass CGI/motion capture/movie magic, and for 2 1/2 hours, this movie never disappoints.
Did everything make sense? Nope. And you know what? Who cares! Avatar is thrilling, exciting and, best of all, something new that your eyeballs didn't even know they very much wanted to see.
Cameron only cares that his characters are three dimensional visually. And he certainly doesn't care that his story is hackneyed, corny and trite.
The demand for awe starts to grind the film down after the introductory, new-car-smell period, soon left with only one-dimensional characters making predictable choices while the backgrounds flashdance to stave off dramatic inertia.
Believe the hype. James Cameron's decade-in-the-making sci-fi dream project...is an immersive epic unlike any other.
Somehow it all works wonderfully well, thanks mainly to Cameron's story-telling skills and to the movie's fantastically detailed vision.
Cameron plainly has higher priorities than detailed characterisations. Avatar is his take on the future of cinema, a breakthrough film in terms of combining motion capture technology, digital effects and live action.
The muscular, coming-atcha visuals trump the movie's camp dialogue and corny conception, but only up to a point.
Can easily sit on anyone's DVD/Blu-ray shelf alongside Aliens and The Abyss further bolstering Cameron's already impressive film legacy.
James Cameron seeks revolution -- not only in the way we see movies, but in the way we see life. Avatar is revolutionary in that it tries to shake up established attitudes. In the case of Avatar, 3-D is decisive, daring, and drastic.
Science-fiction filmmaking takes a gigantic leap forward with James Cameron's rousing action spectacle. Be prepared to see it multiple times on the biggest screen you can find.
Rarely a boring moment or unnecessary scene. Avatar isn't going to redefine movies as we know them, but on the level of pure visual spectacle, the bar has certainly been raised.
The corniest movie ever made about the white man's need to lose his identity and assuage racial, political, sexual and historical guilt.
The groundbreaking FX work is worth the price of admission alone, while the rollicking adventure story should find fans from eight to 80.
While its cinematic impact may not quite rise to the hubristic heights some have speculated, it is as bold and audacious a step in that direction as cinema has ever seen.
[Cameron] goes for it and damn it if it didn't leave me with a lump in my throat for much the film. There is so much passion in this work, it's just exhilirating. Take the trip.
Even if this is old-fashioned storytelling, there's a lot of it -- and it has Cameron's directing DNA in every scene.
The special effects are so good here that you don't even notice them. It is eerie how Cameron has made it look and feel like he is just pointing a camera at the action.
With Avatar, a cinematic revolution doesn't begin so much as proceed into its next phase.
A tiny detail among the bonanza of visual wonders in Avatar convinced me the movie had achieved not only technical mastery, but something more...
A morally, historically, socially, and politically childish amalgam of Pocahontas and Ferngully.
Take away the snazzy technology and what is left? Precious little. From a writing and storytelling standpoint, Avatar is a considerable failure, not even worth a fraction of its built-in hype.
Cameron not only sets new standards for the use of computer-generated imagery special effects but also the use of 3-D photography, which has a full depth-of-field and is integral to the texture and sensory impact of Avatar.
Though you won't get anything new narratively, Avatar is a visual feast.
It's an element called "unobtainium" that the military is really after. That's "unobtainium," not "easy-to-obtainium," so perhaps the military should settle for something really easy, like "Kardashium" or "Real-Housewives-of-Orange-Countium."
Imperfect as it is, Avatar is still essential viewing for anyone who cares about the future of the movies.
A thematically rich and imaginative sci-fi masterpiece that gives us a cosmology totally in sync with contemporary spirituality movements -- reverence for the Earth as a living being and Oneness consciousness celebrating the interconnectedness of all.
It's an impossible but completely plausible and seductive world that invites your total immersion. Don't resist it; sink in and fly with it. All Cameron asks is that you open your eyes.
It's a magnificent technical achievement, a movie of such vast scale and ambition that you have to watch it on the big screen.
Coating classic romanticism with breathtaking 3D visuals, Avatar transports us to another world for 162 minutes of sensory bliss.
There are visionary filmmakers - and then there's James Cameron, who pushes the envelope of what is possible on the screen every time he makes a film. He doesn't do it nearly often enough.
There is much in Avatar that is broadly drawn, clichéd even - but it is also these very things which might just earn it the status of a classic.
Though certainly not the pioneering experience it's been touted as, Avatar is an exciting, visually arresting, and occasionally powerful slab of Hollywood filmmaking driven by one of the industry's most committed, passionate, stand-alone creative forces.
Love and acceptance are at the heart of this megabuck megapic; while our hearts are opened by the Emotion Key, our eyes are dazzled by the visual spectacle, enhanced by remarkable 3D. An event of a film, a spectacle that allows us to live the fantasy.
Avatar is a richly symbolic, captivating and immense film which laces together some of the great mythical stories of mankind into a contempo action adventure fusing its sci fi genes with spiritual and ecological themes. And it pivots on romance
An astonishing, breathtaking masterpiece. Cameron did it! It will easily surpass Titanic's box office. I think Cameron created a few new colors.
This is spectacle with soul, a film as unafraid to reference My Lei or the Trail of Tears as it is Edgar Rice Burroughs or Hayao Miyazaki
If I wanted to hear endless nonsense spewed from something good-looking, I'd watch The Tyra Banks Show.
A technical groundbreaker, if not a cinematic one, James Cameron's long-awaited return delivers on its promise to be a fully immersive, rousing spectacle.
Not since Dorothy's Kansas farmhouse landed in Oz - 70 years ago - and the screen transformed from black-and-white to color - has there been such a magical, revelatory moment as the emergence of the planet Pandora in IMAX 3-D.
James Cameron's long-awaited sci-fi epic is every bit as wondrous and imaginative as promised. Prepare to be amazed.
Avatar is part National Geographic TV special, part Guns 'n' Ammo bumper edition . . .
"Avatar" may well be a perfect film to desensitize young audiences before they get the call-up.
Avatar is as old-fashioned and romantic as Titanic, and thrillingly, just as wonderful to watch.
There is still at least one man in Hollywood who knows how to spend $250 million, or was it $300 million, wisely.
As visual spectacle, Avatar is indelible, but as a movie it all but evaporates as you watch it.
Wow. James Cameron pulled it off.
If your exhilaration with the (approximate) first half is undercut by an increasingly deflating pffffftttt sound, Cameron nonetheless has delivered the screen's most anticipated and persuasive blend of live-action and motion-capture animation to date.
You have to see Avatar to believe it, and even then it's nearly impossible to register all of what's on screen.
No, there's no clever wordplay, but the sophistication exists in the vistas, the landscape, the staggering use of new technology.
[T]he closest I will ever come to visiting another planet, and it was an exhilarating trip...
A movie whose effects are clearly revolutionary, a spectacle that millions will find adventure in. But it nevertheless feels unsatisfying and somehow lacks the pulse of a truly alive film.
A mostly motion-capture movie featuring the Mother of all battles.
This film has been hyped to death. "Groundbreaking!" "Amazing!" "It will change the industry!" I'm sure you've heard it all. And in some ways, it's so very, very true. In others, it's a big fat lie. I don't think I've ever been this split over a movie.
For true cinematic spectacle, Avatar is out of this world.
AVATAR is not the kick-ass, mind-blowing James Cameron movie I was hoping for, but it's a perfectly serviceable sci-fi adventure that's well worth seeing
Avatar may be James Cameron's masterpiece.
An extraordinary visual achievement somewhat hampered by pedestrian storytelling and cardboard characterizations.
As superbly rendered as his 3D world is, Cameron has populated it with characters who are strictly 2D. And sometimes not even that.
If this is the future of filmmaking, then bring it on, I say.
We appreciate the film's good qualities-and there are many of them-but we came away troubled by the story's problems. Still, it's hard not to like Avatar for a lot of reasons.
One of the most exhilarating, barmy and eye-wateringly gorgeous movies of the decade.
Cameron's latest is scary and exciting and entertaining as hell, even if it's far too early - and too conventional in too many ways - to herald it as any kind of masterpiece.
Does Avatar live up to all the hype and expectations? In a word: Yes.
Game-changing - yes. Spectacular - absolutely. Occasional dodgy dialogue and dramatic imperfections - of course. But still - wait for it... - a titanic achievement.
The detail, the depth, the jaw-dropping boldness of Avatar simply bowl you over.
It's baggy, longwinded and, for all the light-speed imagery, just not quick on its feet. Cameron used to be the tautest film-maker around, but he just got slack.
You care about the CG characters. It tugs the heart. It makes you shout. And it is an overwhelming feast of visual artistry unlike anything you have ever seen before.
The combination of special effects, creatures and immersion into a 3D world lend Avatar a kind of grandeur that thrives despite the clunkiness of Cameron's script.
An epic film born entirely of Cameron's imagination, Avatar uses tailor-made technology to create the most astonishing visual effects yet seen on screen and blends them seamlessly into a mythical sci-fi story.
The King of the World sets his sights on creating another world entirely in Avatar, and it's very much a place worth visiting.
The screen is alive with more action and the soundtrack pops with more robust music than any dozen sci-fi shoot-'em-ups you care to mention.
It's a world, not to give too much away, that Cameron clearly fully intends to return to and further explore. When he does, our bags are already packed.
There are myriad moments of beauty and of poignancy. And the final battle is worth the price of your 3D glasses alone.
Avatar is an overwhelming, immersive spectacle. The state-of-the-art 3D technology draws us in, but it is the vivid weirdness of Cameron's luridly imagined tropical otherworld that keeps us fascinated.
It's a 3D movie people will look back on in years to come to comment on how it transformed cinema.




@highlight

It might be more impressive on a technical level than as a piece of storytelling, but Avatar reaffirms James Cameron's singular gift for imaginative, absorbing filmmaking.