Stylistically The Unknown Girl follows the Dardennean style manual... [Full review in Spanish]
Even the most attentive viewers to start wondering what's on the menu at the pub across the street. Such distracting thoughts may prevent learning the outcome, which bolts into the film at the speed of light, and fades away almost as fast.
Oddly, this realism heightens the suspense. Because "Unknown Girl" doesn't feel like a movie, the peril that Davin faces as she pokes around into the girl's death feels that much more genuine.
I... appreciate how her journey is initially driven by guilt but ends up powered by compassion and a sense of responsibility
It's not a good [mystery] per se, but it's almost what you'd expect from the brothers handling genre material.
The kind of picture you see, are momentarily changed by and then try but fail to encapsulate later with a friend over coffee.
The film is rarely more than a somewhat rote exercise in liberal self-flagellation.
Buoyed by a quietly intense performance by Haenel, The Unknown Girl delivers a clear-eyed and gut-wrenching look inside the lives of Europe's downtrodden, whose problems are bigger than one well-meaning doctor can fix.
The last thing one expected was for the Belgian Dardenne brothers to dote on a murder mystery, particularly one involving a medico turned amateur sleuth that's fraught with coincidence like so much of what's already out there.
The Dardennes do what they do best: following the characters around, leaving us to figure out the connections.
The question that looms large here, lingering long after the closing credits, is whether, despite our human need for forgiveness, absolution is ever truly possible.
Jenny's search is a quest for atonement, not only for herself, but also for others. A physician of the body, she becomes a kind of physician of the soul, her clinic office a secular confessional, sealed by her ethic of doctor-patient confidentiality.
The Unknown Girl is too indecisive about its goals to be either an involving mystery or a study of morality.
[Adèlle] Haenel's deadpan performance makes this a tough sell, leaving only the common mechanisms of a suspense plot to move the drama forward.
"The Unknown Girl" is an imperfect but absorbing addition to the canon, a carefully plotted thriller of conscience in which Jenny spends most of the movie patiently and persistently atoning for her mistake.
... a powerful and perceptive character study about obsession, guilt and socioeconomic despair.
Every Dardennes movie is worth seeing, and The Unknown Girl has all kinds of gripping undercurrents.
An odd fusion of an earnest socially conscious drama and a B-movie mystery programmer that never quite comes together despite a strong performance from Adele Haenel at its center.
The story is gripping, with a steady drip-drip of twists and turns as a town's familiar buried secrets find their way to daylight.
A young doctor has a crisis of conscience in the latest incisive drama from the Dardenne Brothers.
Shot with unassuming lyricism and an eye for everyday detail and full of modest, eloquent performances.
In The Unknown Girl, the brothers' durably direct technique shines, even when their storytelling doesn't.
As we watch Haenel ... stride through these overdetermined scenes, clutching a medical bag to her side, we are reminded that even the most timeworn of conventions can be made electric and alive.
One of the strangest aspects of [the Dardennes'] work is their combination of sweeping plot twists and endings that leave the door open to both hopeful and hopeless futures.
You think afresh of the film's title and wonder, Who is more unknown here, the nameless victim or the inscrutable doctor?
How we think about our neighbor in the abstract can and usually is a very different thing from how we respond to that same neighbor when we have to look him or her in the face.
Combines moral allegory with detective noir in its probing look at the quest of a young doctor to relieve her feelings of guilt.
Every movie made by Jean-Pierre and Luc Dardenne arouses my interest and admiration.
Even if the end result is not quite as punchy as earlier films, a minor Dardenne work is still something that demands your attention.
Doctor Jenny Davin is one of those rare characters who proves that a protagonist can be conscientious, humble, empathetic, quiet ... and compelling.
Good French drama for those tired of Hollywood's offer of superheroes and explosions. [Full review in Spanish]
The premise is attractive, but the story unfolds away from emotion. [Full review in Spanish]
The Unknown Girl is a film structured in the manner of a thriller of private investigators, which central topic couldn't be more current and effective. [Full review in Spanish]
The most recent feature of the Dardenne brothers is a remarkable moral thriller. [Full review in Spanish]
A thriller in which what matters is the victim and not the murderer. One hundred percent Dardenne. [Full review in Spanish]
The Dardenne's new work may resemble a detective film. Because the involvement of the viewer isn't based on usual resources of the genre. The intrigue of the plot is minimal. Instead, the suspense comes from little details. [Full review in Spanish]
An atypical thriller that is articulated from the busy intimacy of the protagonist, interpreted by Adéle Haenel, and its anguish to find out at least the name of the stranger of the title. [Full review in Spanish]
An interesting film because of its characters' development, and the performance of its protagonist, but will hardly be remembered among the most accomplished works from its directors. [Full review in Spanish]
...less 'whodunit?' and more 'Who was the victim?'
Every interaction is revelatory, though in the way fans will expect
The cast of social outcasts, immigrant victims and fitful Samaritans is very Dardennesque. Missing are the spark and sense of truth that make such components drama.
The Unknown Girl aims for higher narrative stakes than your average social realist drama, yet it is ultimately defeated by limited scope and underwritten characters.
While operating as an intrigue, La fille inconnue is standard Dardenne fare in that it doubles as a social survey, revealing the concerns and living conditions of Jenny's various patients.
The Unknown Girl may be a middling effort by the Dardennes' high standards but it's still an involving, thoughtful watch.
The main issue, in the grim, rubbish-strewn naturalism of the film, is Jérémie Renier's overwrought performance and the abrupt third act reveal that he delivers.
The Dardennes brothers' latest tale from the grim streets of the industrial suburb of Liège in Belgium is another quietly powerful masterpiece; it's perhaps their best film since The Child.
Has its moments, but this time the magic doesn't quite happen.
The doctor's investigation leads to an exploration of the collective burden of guilt in the run-down town of Liège, but the film is rather dull.
Too often the Dardennes rely on their ultra-naturalistic style and socially aware themes to excuse some pretty contrived and unconvincing plotting. A rare misfire.
This account of a doctor trying to salve her conscience after an understandable professional misjudgement often feels conventionally melodramatic.
Stress is the film's whole motor - the stress Jenny's both carrying around and transmitting, to an assortment of possible witnesses she suspects are hiding something.
Part of the Dardennes' rarity as storytellers is their capacity to recognise not only basic moral character and social circumstances but also mood as pivotal in how things pan out for people.
The Dardenne brothers deliver a perceptive portrait of professional integrity under pressure.
While The Unknown Girl isn't the Dardennes' best work, it's still a compelling portrait of guilt and dignity in the face of maddening questions.
Pay no attention to the "rottens". This is an outstanding film by the Dardennes about the difficulties of living a moral life under capitalism.
This is a left-footed and clumsily insistent work, exposing the worst aspects inherent to the Dardennes' style.
For a drama that strives for a sense of contemporary reality, the artifice of the plot overturns the directors' efforts.
Haenel brings impressive intensity to her role but the film seems to issue from the distinctively stylised world of the Dardenne brothers, rather than reality.
[CANNES 2016] The Dardennes have created a new sub-genre. You've heard of neo-realism; well "The Unknown Girl" is neo-fakeism. This is cinema to slit your wrists to.
A too conventional script and a guilty motivation for the actions of the protagonist are not enough to make this a good film. [Full review in Spanish]
The whole film is grounded in reality, something the directors make great use of as they play with common everyday situations. [Full review in Spanish]
There are a couple of good ideas here, but nothing transcendent or exciting. It's basically like seeing the rain fall outside. [Full review in Spanish]
A sad thriller full of tension that manages to create a crime into spectacle. [Full review in Spanish]
All of this is done masterfully, but I confess it was masterful in just the way I expected.
For the Dardennes, this is typical moral-message territory, which they approach too deliberately.
Lacks the clarity and parable-like meaning of the brothers' best films.
A lazy take on an obvious theme of social and economic justice in Europe that goes through all the familiar places to tell its story. [Full review in Spanish]
An admirably humanistic outlook, to be sure, but the Dardennes usually demonstrate a lighter touch with their grace.
One of the great things that Haenel achieves in this film is to convey a sense of Jenny's seriousness, moral and professional, reminding us that the way to reveal a character's complexity is not to concoct an overtly complex performance.
The Unknown Girl is a flawed and minor work from the Dardenne brothers, but it still has enough poignant moments to make the film rewarding as a whole.
For the first time in my life I booed at a movie.
The Unknown Girl implicitly demands that we consider the importance of every individual life. It is a worthy lesson that struggles to shine through an often laboured and predictable narrative.
The somewhat drab aesthetic and almost vanishingly understated performance style dull the potential pleasures of a good old-fashioned whodunit to roughly the luminosity of an above-average feature-length episode of a TV procedural.
Lucid and rigurous, provocative and captivating, but also really simple. This on will go down as one of their best movies ever. [Full review in Spanish]
A run-of-the-mill, plodding drama, the 'social realism' of which never feels particularly real.
Jean-Pierre and Luc Dardenne prove once again their films are something out of this world, beyond good and evil, and have a radical feel to them. [Full review in Spanish]
Not an outstanding entry in the Dardennes' body of work, but poignant and very much worthwhile.
If the intimate frame and dour, matter-of-fact aesthetic suggest a return to the raw territory of La Promesse or The Son, what is new here is a flirtation with genre that lends an extra dose of resonance to a finely-scripted story.
It's a film that skilfully makes us feel precisely what we expect to feel from moment to moment, up to and including the long-forestalled waterworks.
Everyone who cares about the Dardenne brothers and what they have achieved in the movies will want to see this and make their own mind up. Even their missteps are interesting.

@highlight

The Unknown Girl isn't quite up to the standards of the Dardenne brothers' best work, but remains a well-acted effort that pays poignant -- albeit limited -- dividends.