...sporadically funny yet hopelessly uneven...
... a warmed-over blend of bathroom humor, backstabbing shenanigans and humiliation.
The ensemble cast is fresh-faced and ready to embarrass themselves with an endless string of vulgar, profanity-filled, and sex-related dialogue, even if they aren't quite ready to deal with adult relationships or emotions.
I laughed throughout The Slammin' Salmon, groaned a bit here and there too, but smiles and Broken Lizard? I'd never thought I'd see the day when the two would meet.
It's pretty obvious from the start that The Slammin' Salmon isn't going to be the comedy troupe's funniest movie, but there are still plenty of laughs to be had.
Thirteen-year-old boys big enough to sneak into R-rated movies are presumably the prime audience for this witless comedy from the Broken Lizard troupe.
It has its share of funny moments. But it also has its share of tired ones.
The Slammin' Salmon is so lifeless and drab that it doesn't even feel like it was made by Broken Lizard, and it goes without saying that it is easily the least impressive of their five movies. (I guess everyone can have their off days.)
Although it's a little slow at the outset and occasionally a trifle predictable, The Slammin' Salmon is still a rollickin' time at the theater.
Moments of light laughter fueled by Broken Lizard's non sequitur brand of shock humor are served with a flimsy plot and even flimsier characters.
Much of the film's humor hovers around crotch level. If jokes about mental illness, terminal disease and sex with orangutans sound funny to you, go for it.
This fratty National Lampoon-style comedy (written by and starring the Broken Lizard troupe of comics who made Beerfest and Super Troopers) is funny more often than not. Worth checking out on video.
A Hollywood California-roll gone bad, with super-sized stereotypes, underdone pratfalls and tasteless one-liners.
If you're in the mood for buffoonery, you'll probably enjoy this dumb-but-funny marathon of back-stabbing, physical gags, potty humor and appealing cast chemistry.
You would think any movie with the word "salmon" in the title would have to be funny. Think again.
Intolerable, aimless
It is the presence of Duncan as a Mike Tyson-esque, malaprop-spouting ex-champion that, at least momentarily, lifts the pic out of its mediocrity.
Only one thing might be worse: the thought of Comedy Central's airing this bomb four times a day.
Was anybody holding their breath for a Morgan Fairchild cameo? Here she is, playing herself: the cosseted star of a TV cop drama. She seems very patient.
Duncan's terrific timing and inspired Tracy Jordan-isms transform the dinner-theater vibe to dinner as theater.
Michael Clarke Duncan steals every single scene ... a very different role for the actor played so over-the-top that you can't help but be impressed and amazed.
Comedy troupe Broken Lizard returns with their fourth feature, which like its predecessors is funnier in concept than execution.
The film isn't any uglier than its antecedents, but it is more lethargic.
I couldn't list ten pure comedies from 2008 that produced as many laughs as The Slammin' Salmon and the way this year has started, it's hard to think that wouldn't hold true for 2009 either.
Easily the best work Broken Lizard has ever done.
90 minutes of truly inspired comic mayhem.

@highlight

Potty humor and juvenile antics keep this workplace comedy from being particularly funny or memorable.