Watching Barney search for happiness in the most graceless ways is uncomfortable at times, but his sincere personality peers through enough from behind his callous exterior to inspire sympathy for him without dismissing his countless flaws.
Messy, melodramatic and meandering, just like life.
Giamatti and Hoffman are so much fun, and they are tied to a narrative that, while slightly overambitious, never flags
It's Giamatti's performance that makes the film work because Barney is not an easy man to like.
Director Richard J. Lewis never quite gets a handle on the sprawling storyline and stumbles over the tonal shifts... but Giamatti holds the center together.
A minor improvement over Mordecai Richler's nigh unreadable book...
Paul Giamatti is one of those actors whose presence in a movie generally validates it, and Barney's Version is no exception. He manages to make a central character with few-if any-admirable traits not only bearable but downright compelling. And...
An initially engrossing but progressively rambling and schmaltzy film that's mostly saved by a set of fine, if not exceptional performances.
Barney's Version starts fumblingly in picaresque mode, and only really hits its narrative and emotional stride in its second half.
Giammatti is on the top of his game in this Pitch black comedy.
If there's such a thing as a filmmaker treating its subject matter too affectionately, then this is that, and it makes you wonder why you should even keep watching.
The ever-impressive Paul Giamatti (American Splendour, John Adams) shines in this rambling Canadian character study.
Mordecai Richler's 1997 acclaimed best seller novel is never fleshed out.
It takes a little while to warm up but Barney's Version is a charming film that will leave you reflecting on your own life.
True love and fine cigars feature in the charming Barney's Version, a blend of intelligent comedy and stirring drama headlined by a career best Paul Giamatti.
[The] character has given Giamatti another great role after Sideways and Harvey Pekar and he runs with it; no wonder he won a Golden Globe for this.
If Giamatti's performance is rigorously unsentimental, director Richard Lewis and writer Michael Konyves (adapting Morechai Richler's novel) succumb, a little too often, to slow-moving warmth and wryness.
The film offers a lovely mix of compassion and humour. We get a sprawling comic tableau, the arc of a full life.
Just like a really good novel, it gets you so well acquainted with its characters that they start to feel like your friends, and you don't want it to finish because that will mean never seeing them again.
A rather pedestrian film, epic in length but curiously pinched in scope.
One of the key flaws in the film: Barney is not likeable or admirable, or charismatic or charming or clever at anything
There are so many wonderful moments in this tumultuous film that leaves us with an unexpected tone
The movie, much like your own life, is best enjoyed when you don't know exactly what happens next.
Barney's candor, free spirit and giant heart - which may actually be bigger than his liver - are eventually intoxicating.
Paul Giamatti gives a strong, multilayered performance of a selfish, but not uncommon man.
The performances are superlative, as is much of the film's Jewish flavor. The ham is barely noticeable.
Director Richard J. Lewis seems at ease with the sprawling, shambling shape of "Barney's Version," which digresses and meanders and then, suddenly, pulling sharply into focus.
It's a breezy and charming film in all, well-acted, playful and filled with real joie de vivre.
Paul Giamatti once again bringing sweetness, compassion and lovability to a miserable cad of a character is a beautiful thing to see.
Giamatti's performance earned him the Golden Globe for Best Actor in a Musical or Comedy, and he certainly deserved the honor over weak competition. What isn't so clear is why this film was thrust into the Comedy category in the first place.
The title character of Barney's Version left me wishing someone would give this unrelenting boor a boa constrictor for a necktie.
An acting showcase with more mood swings than its drunken protagonist.
Not only does Giamatti solidify his reputation as a great actor -- a brilliant cinematic chameleon -- but he helps transform Lewis' film into a lovely bit of dramatic comedy.
Sometimes, when a movie emerges from a book, a crucial ingredient gets left out along the way. In the case of "Barney's Version," it's the wit.
Barney's Version is narratively awkward, but in the performances of Giamatti and Pike it finds a truth that cannot be dismissed.
Giamatti and Hoffman may be the two most unlikely movie stars ever to grace the big screen and to see them together is a treat...
In Giamatti's hands - and especially his mouth - Barney is a font of invective, with a sharp wit and withering glance designed to reduce others to dust. It's an impressive performance, but it makes him, and his version of events, hard to embrace.
What we end up with is an unreliable account of the life of a man whose appeal remains enigmatic, even when the blanks are filled in. It makes for a very satisfying film.
There's a murder mystery in both the book and movie versions of Barney's Version. Let me solve the movie's mystery -- Giamatti kills Richler's Barney.
While sometimes a little scatter-brained and occasionally a bit uneven, this wise, witty character piece feels much lighter and breezier than it actually is.
"Barney's Version" has episodes instead of plot, outbursts instead of wit and alibis instead of growth. But it also has a star we'd be willing to watch in "Barney's Version 2.0."
Highly entertaining and arguably the most satisfying Richler screen adaptation to date.
This has the overstuffed feel of a sprawling, life-spanning story that's been wrestled down to feature length.
The parts are greater than the whole in "Barney's Version," a rambling look at a shambling man's adventures in love.
Paul Giamatti can do spunky (Cinderella Man) and stately (John Adams), but he's at his best turning potentially loathsome men into sympathetic characters that command your attention.
Instead of getting inside this man who's forever at war with his own best interests, the film merely observes him, letting Giamatti do all the heavy lifting.
"Barney's Version," a film adaptation of Richler's 1997 valedictory novel of the same name, is an oddity in today's movie marketplace, a throwback to films cele-brating the lives of grown men, warts and all...
Even though it's based on a fictional autobiography, Barney's Version has the shapelessness of a real biopic.
This fitfully funny, mawkish romantic comedy gives Paul Giamatti (another) role of a lifetime, but along the way, sucks all the life out of its rakish source novel.
That rumpled grumpus Paul Giamatti seizes the title role in Barney's Version, summoning irresistibility and irritability to create a character as endearing as he is galling.
'Barney's Version'' is a smart, well-acted two hours at the art house, full of witty observations and fellow feeling. But, really, it has no business being a movie.
The movie is adapted from a beloved Mordecai Richler novel, and shows the perils of separating an author's characters from his literary voice.
Paul Giamatti almost makes this version of Barney work with his rumpled, ironic melancholy.
The fact that we can stand to watch Barney without walking out is testament to Richler's story, Michael Konyves' screenplay and Lewis' direction.
There is a flippancy and incorrigibility to the style and pace of the storytelling that matches perfectly with our lovable, pig-headed hero.
Good but unremarkable.
This adaptation of the late Canadian writer Mordecai Richler's playfully experimental novel about a man making sense of his wasted life feels rather like its antihero: inadequate.
There's no faulting the acting but what the point is I have no idea.
Do yourself and the normally appealing Giamatti a favour and watch Sideways again instead.
Barney's workaday escapades and many screw-ups are compelling, thanks in no small part to Giammati's irascible yet sentimental performance.
It's got a starry, up-for-it cast and an epic, decade-spanning storyline. Crucially, it's also worthy but a bit dull.
...a nicely crafted film by longtime TV director Richard J. Lewis and his talented cast and crew.
Enjoyable, emotionally engaging and darkly funny comedy drama with a sharply written script and terrific performances from a superb ensemble cast.
I was annoyed by it, then I liked it, then it irritated me, then I liked it a lot.
Yes, it's well acted and frequently touching. But it's the thoughtful, tasteful indie-film version. It's not exactly Barney's version.
Needed the gentler pacing of television to win us over to the central anti-hero, and make the supporting characters feel less like caricatures.
The biggest shock of recognition comes from looking at Giamatti's deeply flawed Barney and spotting a bit of ourselves gazing back.
It's all as warm and fuzzy as the smoke from Barney's cigars, and just as much of an acquired taste.
Barney is someone you'll hate to love, but it's the supporting characters that will ultimately endear you to his version.
A refreshingly idiosyncratic drama, rambling and self-absorbed, but also smart and literate.
Lewis makes a bold attempt at truncating the vast scope of Mordecai Richler's prize-winning novel into just over two hours of screen time, but occasionally comes unstuck trying to balance the comedy and tragedy.
At the end, the film flirts with bathos, but it's been absorbing enough along the way to maintain our good will.
In Barney's Version, Paul Giamatti does what he does best: He plays a guy who is deeply flawed, occasionally heroic, perfectly normal and utterly fascinating.
Giamatti does his best with a character who is, essentially, a bit of an idiot. It's hard to see why all these beautiful women keep falling for him.
This screen version gives star wattage to supercharged storytelling.
Nobody plays irascible, self-sabotaging schlubs better than Paul Giamatti.
While perhaps a touch overlong and with plot strands that don't hang together as well as they might, this is remains a triumph, illuminated by a terrific leading man turn from Paul Giamatti.
There's enough Richler-derived scope and sophistication to provide grown-up appeal, and Dustin Hoffman kicks in some memorable scene-stealing as Giamatti's embarrassingly no-nonsense old dad.
Giamatti skilfully pitches his performance somewhere between brash and pathetic to gradually endear himself.
It's a bittersweet pill. But with fluid direction from Richard J. Lewis and Giamatti in mesmerising form, Barney's medicine is remarkably easy to take.
While the film unevenly bumps along, it does build a force of longing and regret.
Nobody does grumpy better than Paul Giamatti. And to be fair, how could they? The guy looks like the result of a steamy affair between Tim Curry and an onion.
Team Lewis has done a memorable job flushing out this complicated man.
Entertaining from start to finish --- It truly doesn't wear out its welcome despite a running time in excess of two hours.
Since Barney’s Version is nothing if not a character study, Giamatti is the surly, sarcastic selling point.
We care about him from the opening moments until the end of this fairly long movie because we believe that his needs are enormous and that his passions and his loves are real.
A master acting class, courtesy of Paul Giamatti and Dustin Hoffman.
The revealing ups, downs, triumphs and failings of a guy who never said he wasn't a jerk.
I wish I responded to this shrewdly acted, rather dutiful picture the way I did to the tumultuous Richler adaptation I saw and loved as a 13-year-old, "The Apprenticeship of Duddy Kravitz," starring a vibrant young Richard Dreyfuss.
There is a lot of truth in "Barney's Version." It is a mercy that Barney cannot see most of it.
It lugs around old moral baggage but misses a profound confrontation with the specter of Jewish guilt.
Irreverent and politically incorrect, it's a poignant, melancholy morality tale - with a savvy, smart, self-aware performance by Paul Giamatti.
More often than not, when emotion is called for, Michael Konyves lays on the scripting far too thick.
One thing that even relatively short novels often do that movies can have a hard time with is telling the story of a character's entire life.
The script doesn't need to convince us that the prickly and incorrigible Barney Panofsky is, in the end, someone worth caring about. Paul Giamatti's performance already did.
It's an impossible task trying to squeeze Mordecai Richler's sprawling novel about an SOB into one little movie. But they lucked out with first-rate actors.
This is a good film, and well-worth seeing, even if it's not one of the real Oscar contenders some have been pegging it as.
While some of the characters are well-drawn and others are thin, the cast as a whole is game, and the actors -- notably Giamatti, Hoffman, and Driver -- shine in their roles.
Barney's Version is worth seeing for Giamatti's boisterous yet nuanced portrayal and the energetic but wry performance from Hoffman.
What the filmmakers have done so artfully is strip the story down to the bare essentials of the most significant loves of Barney's life and how his behavior, both good and bad, never stops rippling across that universe.
Barney's Version could use some editing and shaping, to be sure, but its core characters -- and core performances -- are sharp and clear even against its fuzzy, unfocused plot.
It's intriguing, but almost always frustrating.
Paul Giamatti, dialing down his trembly-voiced neurotic energy to good effect, gives a holy hell of a performance...
Barney's Version misses every opportunity for raucous picaresque fun that the book throws its way, while squandering a wealth of transatlantic performing talent led by Paul Giamatti.
Barney's Version would lack a great deal of life without these specific talents finding compelling shadings to troubled characters...Giamatti is unstoppable.
An amazing film that really delivers on everything we expect from great cinema - a character unlike any we've seen before, and a beautiful and compelling way of telling his story.
[VIDEO] A vague murder mystery bookends the story, but "Barney's Version" spins with more narrative distraction than direction.
Director Richard Lewis and screenwriter Michael Konyves did an excellent job of navigating the saga from one medium to another.
More observational than plot-driven, its real strengths lie in performances that vividly draw out everyday emotions.
This Chanukah, your plate of latkas is not the only oily mess worth appreciating. Give yourself the gift of Barney.
It is only by witnessing Barney's decline that we get a full measure of the man and the film's final scenes attain the degree of pathos they require.
What really sells it as a story is star Paul Giamatti's boisterous, wide-ranging and seductive performance.
One of the most successful adaptations yet of a Richler novel. And with Guy Dufaux's sun-dappled lensing, it's also one of the most beautiful.
Despite the deficiencies in the script, everyone on screen works effectively hard to build a full story of a fairly average human being who can't seem to appreciate his own life, much less those around him.
The movie meanders from one decade to another, but Giamatti commands the screen as brainy, womanizing, boozing, out-of-control, charming TV producer Barney Panofsky. Paul Mazursky would have known how to direct this movie
An overstuffed odyssey that, while disappointing on many levels, has standout performances by Paul Giamatti as low-rent Montreal TV producer and philanderer Barney Panofsky, and, in a supporting role, Dustin Hoffman as his incorrigible father.
Barney's Version puts Paul Giamatti where he belongs: front and center in a film of great romantic, dramatic and comedic sweep.
Comedic drama...benefits hugely from a top-notch cast and lively storytelling that crosses four decades and two continents.
The actors are the whole show here, trapped in characters never really worth their time, or ours.
But the filmmakers have been, if anything, too dutiful, too careful, and the movie that results from their conscientious, devoted labor illustrates the terrible, paradoxical trap into which well-intentioned literary adaptations so often fall.
Merciless honesty makes an irascible Canadian reprobate surprisingly poignant . . . Hoffman shines in a gem of a scabrous performance. . .The women are more problematical.
Giamatti is an ideal casting choice, but even this talented actor can't sell a lovable-jerk story that forgot to put in the lovable.
There isn't a moment in "Barney's Version" that doesn't feel like a labor of love.
Barney's Version's inconsistent conception of its protagonist is exacerbated by a larger unevenness of tone.
One of those rare films whose caricature of life undeniably illuminates.
This is a wry mini-epic, the sort of movie that grapples with big subjects -- issues of Jewish identity; the sliding scale of one man's morality; the devastating effects of losing friendship and love -- one sardonic joke at a time.
[Giamatti] makes this mess of a human being seem oddly gallant instead of grotesque.
A robust and sprawling drama about a genuine romantic whose pursuit of true love leads him on many adventures and escapades.
A decently made, mildly enjoyable, but not great version of Richler's famous novel, which suffers from being too literal and literary.
Paul Giamatti's momumental performance anchors this epic tale.
It's the rare feature that can offend and charm at the same time, that can take a man who always plays the acerbic loser and make the same theme seem fresh.
It's an entirely serviceable adaptation, even if it sacrifices the complexity of Richler's novel (and the subtleties of Giamatti's performance) in order to cram as many characters and incidents its two-plus hours.


@highlight

With a magnificent performance by Paul Giamatti, Barney's Version offers much comedy and insight to the complexities of modern romance.