one of the most inept, poorly-mounted productions of the decade
Death and regret hang over the film palpably, and Miniucchi's willingness to put her characters through disaster and humiliation while still plainly empathizing with them is what keeps the film surprising and its characters winning, in spite of themselves
Unconventionally quirky in its unassuming blue-collar bluntness, Expired is comically horrifying in its examination of lonely people living on the fringe of professional obscurity and personalized disarray.
Expired pretends to be a valentine to society's outcasts, but it's just one more indie comedy that mocks its characters while sucking up to its knowing audience.
Miniucchi's screenplay is an unwieldy blend of pathos and unsettling moments, which become increasingly uninteresting as the film trudges to a dreary close.
Call it an anti-rom-com, and see it if you can.
One of those Sundance "comedies" that make you contemplate slitting your wrists.
The performances are expert, but can't make up for a flat script and direction.
The temptation is to say Expired is closer to "Misfired," but there are just enough good things here (particularly Samantha Morton as a lonely-in-love meter maid) to avoid that label.
The funny, sad, offbeat, sometimes off-the-beat romance Expired is one of those precariously balanced movies that might fall to pieces with a different cast.
Tough indie drama features great performances.
Turns its uncomfortable central relationship into a fascinating study of symbiotic personalities.
Despite terrific efforts from its lead players, Expired runs its meter out long before the end.
Locating both Claire's loneliness and Jay's anger as partial outgrowths of their detested profession handing out parking meter violation tickets, Expired coasts along on a distinctively odd wavelength.
Assuming the shape of an old-fashioned indie, this offbeat romantic fable is a minor work that promises better things from its director; the narrative is considerably elevated by lead performers Jason Patric and the endlessly creative Samantha Morton.
Morton is one of those tingly actresses whose skin barely covers her soul, and to watch her search for tender mercies in a crazy-hostile world is a gift. The film is appallingly good.
How likely is it that love, not to mention hot sex, can blossom between two people who've picked identical careers dedicated to punishing the rest of us? Delightfully kinky sex and the city meter maid romp.
Evokes a relationship so acidic between a couple of meter maids that the woman would probably feel better breathing in the acidic fumes outside than putting up with her man's insults.
The movie forces us to endure so much meanness without a proper resolution at the end of it. It's all ordeal and no payoff.
An occasionally cringe-inducing mix of pathos and humor, the tightly scripted and well-acted tale follows a lonely, vulnerable meter maid who falls into a comically horrific relationship with a colleague incapable of emotional intimacy.
A touching and unlikely romance that is no gloss but all heart and brains.


@highlight

Heartwarming and acidic in turns, this offbeat dramedy about two meter maids in love features solid performances from Samantha Morton and Jason Patric.