The Family Fang: A Real Dysfunctional Family
The Fangs may be an odder family than most, but the damage they inflict is a matter of attitude.
Bateman and Kidman have an easy chemistry, while Walken and Plunkett deliver strong performances.
The Family Fang is far from the feel good movie of the year. But it has purpose.
A humorless, Debbie Downer of a dysfunctional family drama, all the more disappointing given its promising pedigree.
There's a heartfelt give and take between Kidman and Bateman ... The film suggests that life can easily be a series of performances, with a genuine sting to Caleb's disdain when he's challenged by his own offspring.
The Family Fang is an enjoyable film to watch with genuine characters who have relatable flaws and believable bonds.
Mainstream comedy fixture Jason Bateman proves his directing chops presiding over the distinctly non-mainstream, darkly comic story about a dysfunctional family borne from performance artists.
No masterpiece, certainly, but substantially more interesting than comparable productions such as Captain Fantastic.
On the basis of Bad Words -- a film destined to be a cult classic -- and The Family Fang, Jason Bateman is undoubtedly a real-deal director.
Laced with subtle performances and rich characters, Jason Bateman's The Family Fang is a big improvement over his last movie, the overly cynical-but-cute Bad Words.
This offbeat dysfunctional family saga sidesteps clichés with its tale of adult children trying to escape the past.
Filmed with an economic focus on revealing character details, and lit in shadowy brown tones that reflect the inner darkness surrounding these siblings, "The Family Fang" grounds itself in the emotional truths of their states of mind.
... Bateman proves his direction as remarkable at the very least, giving the drama and comedy film a suspenseful and skeptically ominous feeling ...
[The] attempted vulnerability feels somewhat hollow ... there's no side to take.
Too flaccid to fully invest.
Bateman and Nicole Kidman, too old to convincingly pull off this sibling pair, would have fared better as the parents.
Subtle, smart and successful ...
Bateman definitely shows improvement behind the camera, but the effort isn't always as intriguing as the helmer believes.
Goes a mite soft at the close, but along the way it's a mostly bracing tale of how the eccentricities of parents can affect their children.
It is a peculiar story, and Bateman is adept at keeping the tone of the film consistently dark throughout, although some of the scenes could do with some judicious editing.
Strikingly original, a truly rare pleasure in a cinematic environment clogged with cookie-cutter films. Jason Bateman and Nicole Kidman are splendid.
"Every piece has its own complications," Caleb tells the family at one point in the film, after a prank goes awry. "The Family Fang" eloquently shows that every family does too.
"The Family Fang" is kind of messy but also fun and touching; it's a definite step forward for Bateman as a director ...
However you can find it, it is worth checking out, another high water mark for both Bateman and Kidman.
The movie's style is too realistic to nail the blend of comedy and tragedy, but Christopher Walken has some fine moments as the family patriarch.
Bateman's strength is his ability to work so well with actors-as someone in the business for a long time (he started at age 12 on Little House on the Prairie), he's able to coax nuanced performances from his cast.
It doesn't always nail its more ambitious attempts to be about the emotional cost of art for artists but it's highly watchable and interesting.
Bateman knows his fractured family well, but "Fang" doesn't give him enough to chew on. The characters are all scarred, but the film doesn't leave a mark.
The Family Fang particularly succeeds as a showcase for Walken, who is skilled at bringing to life men of unbending will.
It's heavy stuff, served with a light touch.
The flashbacks to the various performance pieces over the years are priceless and set the stage for the present day mystery about the missing Fangs.
Bateman, the director, manages to bring out the two principals' anguish without resorting to sentimentality, until the unsatisfying last quarter of the film when things get gooey.
Fang is directed by Bateman with a sensitivity that the story's sour whimsy doesn't quite deserve.
The film is steadfastly unquirky. The characters come across as real, flawed human beings in search of real meaning in their lives.
Even when The Family Fang stretches credulity, we stay with it. Bateman knows how to tell a story.
A key revelation in the mystery feels inserted for effect (no spoilers here) and the drama plays out at a pace that merely flirts with lethargy.
There are hints of awkward comedy in the film's surface structure, but underneath lies a swamp of jumbled chronology and storytelling dissonance.
The Fang's eccentric pranks are enough to give the movie a fresh and amusing twist on the typical family drama about the psychic wounds of childhood, and the lengths to which kids will go in seeking their parents' approval.
Compelling and weird ...
Bateman has been on the edge of a breakthrough, making especially engaging impressions in "Juno" and "Arrested Development," but this may be his first behind-the-cameras knockout.
There's nothing predictable about any of the angles, and Mr. Abaire's script reveals a surprise around every corner.
A nuanced and funny look at art, creative genius, and mental instability, "The Family Fang" doesn't swing for the fences with big, overdone antics.
Jason Bateman's sophomore film, a step up from his debut ("Bad Words"), shows a predilection for sentimentality masked in eccentricity...Walken gives a fierce performance, his ego exalted by his own pompous assessment of his life's work...
It begins at a high enough level and the cast is enjoyable enough throughout that The Family Fang isn't bad as much as it just isn't as good as one first imagines it will be, or should be.
Bateman tackles a more subtle blend of comedy and drama with mixed results, but plenty of tonal intrigue. His quest to become a serious filmmaker continues to show potential.
Kidman gives one of her best performances in years.
For approximately the millionth time Nicole Kidman proves she doesn't deserve her decade-plus box office poison period, even in the cases, like this, where a fantastic performance is stuck inside a piece that in no way deserves her.
It successfully manages the difficult transition from loopy to tragic to uplifting.
Compelling, mature dramedy about family dysfunction.
Jason Bateman has an affinity for directing. He and Kidman make a potent team in a provocative film that questions the limits of art in a world that forgets to be human.
While the cast keeps its head down and reaches for genuine emotion, the movie eventually manages to sentimentalize even what it sees as its own tough-mindedness.
Bateman's trademark misanthropy doesn't go anywhere, this time.
Bateman isn't interested in a Wes Anderson-style celebration of eccentricity. Pretty soon we begin to sense the hidden scars that endure for the kids, and the deepening desperation for continued artistic fulfillment that is consuming the parents.
Smart modern literary adaptations can too often get bogged down in whimsy. The Family Fang plays it straight, knowing that the story is peculiar enough on its own.
Mr. Bateman's direction of the actors is especially sensitive in this and other tricky scenes, showing a delicacy with emotional textures that isn't always matched by the story.
"How far will they go with this?" we wonder, and cringe every time we get our answer.
Merely "playing with concepts" doesn't quite add up to a film, and "The Family Fang," adapted from Kevin Wilson's novel, feels like an extended therapy session.
Bateman has made the kind of adaptation that unintentionally advertises its source material, as in: All of this must have worked so much better on the page.
Yes, Jason Bateman is just as good behind the camera as he is in front of it.
Kidman loses the frozen-face iciness that's stalled a lot of her recent roles. And Bateman - who has his own history as a manipulated teen performer - brings a palpable pain to his character.
Bateman's second trip to the director's chair is a tricky bit of business, full of tonal shifts that he mostly pulls off, and complex relationships that he manages to get inside.
A quirky film that asks, Are these parents monstrous or simply creative?
Highly original dark comedy about brain-dead performance artists and the lasting effect they've had on their adult children.
A tense and involving dysfunction indie that starts as dark comedy but later stretches into mystery, melodrama, and arts criticism.
The Family Fang goes deep into dysfunction, but even more impressively, it smuggles in the daredevilish art theories of the late Chris Burden and his ilk.
There's real texture and emotional heft to the central relationship between the siblings, but that's thanks more to the actors than the script.
Bateman has crafted an effective portrait of a dysfunctional family that's not entirely unlike the Bluth Family.
Bateman's stumble here is hopefully a temporary thing, as it's impossible to write the filmmaker off completely given the strength of his comparatively stellar debut feature.
Every inch The Skeleton Twins or some other brother-sister Sundance yarn but with a wonderfully specific source for the siblings' dysfunction.
An uncommonly mature family dramedy with excellent performances all-around.
Like most families in this world, "The Family Fang" is dysfunctional and slightly disappointing, but it proves without a shadow of a doubt that Bateman is improving nicely as a director.
The Family Fang manages to mine well-earned laughs and genuine feeling from a unique and absurd family portrait.
Ultimately Bateman's latest adds little to a debate leant pithier insight by Larkin 44 years ago.
Films about dysfunctional families are as common as families themselves. But for most of its running time, The Family Fang impressively negotiates around the familiar trappings, finding a relatively new way to discuss familiar themes.
Jason Bateman proves that 'Bad Words' was no fluke with this sharp and affecting dysfunctional-family portrait.
Acutely observed and graced with equal parts humor and honest feeling.


@highlight

Layered performances from Nicole Kidman and director-star Jason Bateman add extra depth to The Family Fang 's sharply observed look at domestic dysfunction.