3:10 to Yuma, director James Mangold's new duster features the toothsome duo, plus a bevy of time-tested conventions -- a white hat, a black hat, a good little woman, couple of towheaded kids, and a few unlikely twists to boot. Oh, yes, it has boots, too.
3:10 to Yuma isn't a necessary film. But it sure is tasty.
Elevated above the usual fare by an engaging and complex relationship between its two stars, 3:10 To Yuma would be a thoroughly entertaining two hours whatever the genre - the Western setting is almost a bonus.
The real thrill of the film lies in watching these two men, sat on various sides of the moral fence, gradually converge and respect each other.
3:10 to Yuma is as heavy on character as it sounds like it should be ... and still a rip-roaring adventure around it; until it all gets away from director James Mangold in a crashing heap of unlikely motivation and flawed decisions.
Director James Mangold amps up the blood and thunder without sacrificing the moral complexity of Elmore Leonard's original short story.
3:10 to Yuma confirms that the western is alive and kicking with a vengeance.
Bale and Crowe are superlative, but Mangold's rote, banal expansion never quickens the pulse.
It is part of the richness of 3.10 to Yuma that this is a classical piece of storytelling with themes and characters that can be found in the very earliest Westerns.
Mangold's direction is effective, if unobtrusive, and the dusty deserts of the American west continue to provide a cinematic palette that fails to run dry.
Gives "solid craftsmanship" a dreary name
Pays homage to the classic Western by staying true to genre conventions, but does so with a fresh set of eyes that gives the film a welcome place in a modern multiplex.
Fifty years have elapsed since 3:10 to Yuma last pulled into the station, but, man, the return trip is worth the wait.
vi%u0161e nego solidan primjer vitalnog %u017Eanra kojemu su toliko puta, a sre%u0107om pogre%u0161no, predvi%u0111ali smrt
First 1.5 hours are slow, preposterously scripted, and short of powerful dialogue. I liked the ending though.
3:10 to Yuma is a big, brawling action-adventure with strong psychological elements. The original 3:10 to Yuma, with Glenn Ford and Van Heflin, directed by Delmer Daves, was a psychological western, and the present version expands on that.
In the end, what makes 3:10 to Yuma work despite a rather preposterous final act, is that it refuses to see anything in terms of moral simplicity, despite the presence of black and white hats.
Nothing terribly original happens in this remake of a 1957 semi-classic that starred Glenn Ford and Van Heflin, but everything happens smoothly and with grace.
It's not too often that a remake holds up to the original, but Mangold's rendition blows the 1957 version out of the water in every imaginable way possible.
A mini-epic on the historical changes of the old west...serving as a just tribute to earlier, classic westerns such as The Searchers and, more recently, Unforgiven.
[I]f you're looking for an Unforgiven-style reinvention of the Western, prepare for disappointment.
I was surprised at how engaged I remained throughout almost the entire movie, and much of that credit might have to go to the film's dual leads, Christian Bale and Russell Crowe...
The western has been buried and revived so many times in recent years that it's beginning to resemble one of George Romero's stale zombies...
One of the year's most enjoyable films.
Christian Bale had me in the first few seconds when he started limping toward the window
Uneven yet entertaining...
3:10 to Yuma is riveting, exciting and rare %u2014 a thinking person's Western.
Não sei se o cineasta pretendia homenagear um de seus filmes favoritos ao empalidecê-lo, mas, para o bem ou para o mal, foi isto que acabou fazendo.
Cinematic and wonderful on the big screen, this magnificent remake revisits the grandeur of the western, tossing around elements of morality in the melee of good pitted against evil... Russell Crowe is splendid.
The film is a creditable remake - no better than the original but different enough to stand on its considerable merits.
If 3:10 to Yuma can't resuscitate the western, nothing will.
[Mangold's] examination of the moral complexities of his two main characters makes this an intriguingly timely as well as timeless story.
Mangold's film is more than sufficiently subtexty and cynical for our modern sensibilities while simultaneously embracing Mangold's obvious pleasure in the Westerns' time-honored swinging saloon doors and stern masculine traditions.
Christian Bale is having a standout year, it started with his amazing work in Rescue Dawn and quickly followed up with this.
A contender for one of my favorites of 2007, and damn near superior to its predecessor...
Remains an evocative morality tale about what makes men good, what makes them bad and what makes them ugly.
Crowe and Bale captivate in Western remake.
Russell Crowe plays his role as Ethan Edwards for the post 9/11 western.
Westerns may be old fashioned, but as old-school homages go, superb writing and compelling acting will never go out of style.
There's no true grit to be found in James Mangold's fun but safe Western remake. Nitpicking, however, is no way to treat a movie that gives us two heavyweights like Russell Crowe and Christian Bale on top of their games.
As well-done as the set pieces are, giving the film its more substantive dramatic kick is the psychological warfare.
The film is sharply written, although you must take a monumental leap of faith to buy into the ending that unfolds.
The new "3:10 To Yuma" is an excellent horse opera. Catch it before it leaves town.
Russell Crowe and Christian Bale make terrific foes in this classic western tale.
[Mangold] builds tension not only in the mano-a-mano scenes between Bale and Crowe, but also when throwing in a wild card, such as Mol's gentle Alice.
This is a fine, handsomely staged movie, as exciting and stimulating as anything I've seen this year.
As played by Bale, Evans' intensity is allowed to slowly burn through his quiet facade, until the man he once was returns.
Shooting a western in this day and age would be either brilliant because it hasn't been done in so long or Hollywood suicide. It turned out to be bit of both.
Mangold delivers a taut modern take on a lesser classic, preserving the High Noon themes about doing the right thing against all odds, and injecting a more modern pacing and urgency without going overboard.
Yuma portrays a West that is stark, barren, and morally ambiguous. Like all the great "revisionist westerns" of recent years, very few characters are all good or all bad.
Boasting a taut script, precise mise-en-scene, and stellear acting from Russell Crowe and Chistian Bale, this oater immediately posits itself as an A-Level Western, much more than an honorable remake of the 1957 film. Will it revive the genre?
3:10 submits that the American West is a function of capitalism, expedience and exploitation of resources. That's not to say morality isn't a useful measure, it's just relative.
It honors both the genre and the original film without doing harm to either while containing enough of its own virtues to allow it to stand alone as its own entity.
The close confines of cinematographer Phedon Papamichael's camera, coupled with brilliant dialogue delivered by great actors on top of their game, allow us to overlook the letdown of a finale.
The studiousness, or maybe affectation, that has informed Mangold's visual style has now been applied to the reproduction of classic Western moviemaking.
3:10 to Yuma is that rarity -- an action Western pushed into overdrive by its complicated, savvy characters.
An attention-holding ride through rough country of both the physical and spiritual kind.
There's no point in wondering whether 3:10 to Yuma will trigger another revival of the genre. But for two exciting hours, the picture brings it fully alive once again.
A well-made movie that isn't as simply expressed as its predecessor and so loses some of its mythic quality; the more you complicate westerns the less effective they often become.
A shame that it ends on this one false note, but up to that point 3.10 To Yuma fairly races along.
...Crowe and Bale are first-rate, the action satisfying.
New Zealand's Russell Crowe and Britain's Christian Bale, donning the hats and accents to play outlaw and escort with grizzled assurance.
A terrific turn by Peter Fonda, as a leathery bounty hunter hell-bent on retribution, is a bonus in a film far livelier than anyone had a right to expect.
A great anti-buddy movie.
Despite a faintly anti-climactic ending, there's plenty of entertainment in this robust, old-fashioned western tale.
An entertaining but generally underwhelming effort that squanders the talents of a great cast and comes with one of the daftest endings in years.
A remake of a 1957 movie starring Glenn Ford, Yuma's pacing may owe something to the contemporary action movie, but the themes are age-old: redemption, morality and the lure of the lawless wilderness and of the killers who call it home.
In 1957, the climax looked like Hollywood wish-fulfilment. Fifty years later, it still does.
Revolving around two very different but equally impressive performances from its leads, James Mangold's remake is everything you want from a western: stunning vistas, gripping shoot-outs and a morally complex core that is compelling to the end.
Pitting Chris against Russ, Yuma harks back to B-movie westerns but fails to tap its A-list stars' potential. Those who aren't diehard fans of the genre might want to catch a different train.
They don't make them like that anymore. But, hang on, they just did!
The two leads' sparking byplay, Crowe's addled cockiness versus Bale's nervy grit, would grace any surroundings, but it's a pleasure to revisit the frontier in a drama which feels far more vital than mere nostalgic homage.
3:10 to Yuma builds up a full head of steam and sustains it.
Yet another stirring example that The Western is still very much alive and kicking.
Engaging, well made Western with exciting action sequences, a thought-provoking script and terrific performances from Bale and Crowe.
This film combines action and character, adding in realism that the previous version did not have.
Here we have, for the first time in years, an unabashed all-American Western.
Welcome back Western, nice to see you back on top again.
... let it be said loud and clear: In almost every respect, Mangold's new version is superior to the original.
Not just one of this year's best films, but also one my favorite westerns ever...What an entertaining, thoughtful, relevant film this is.
A terrific movie with excellent performances from Crowe and Bale. If it doesn't find itself on the short list of Academy Award contenders, the film itself has been robbed.
Just as few people get the opportunity to exhibit intestinal fortitude when it really matters, few movies are as stirring as this remake.
The effort to complicate their interaction even further, however, risks implausibility in the final moments -- an unfortunate consequence of the very fine work that has gone before.
At the helm of this remake, James Mangold initially risks stalling the plot with too much backstory, but then it's edge-of-your-seat action all the way.
James Mangold's expert and entertaining 3:10 to Yuma demonstrates both the Western's age-old appeal, and the problems it presents to a contemporary filmmaker.
A decent Western, attractive mainly because of the acting duel between the straight-shooting Bale and the untamed Crowe.
The editing is tense and there's mucho splatter but the climax is unforgivable for reasons I can't spell out -- and owes something to a recent picture I can't name.
A complicated cowboy flick where you're conflicted about whether to root for the guys in the white hats or the black hats by the time the big showdown arrives.
Great cinematography takes more than plopping a camera down in a desert canyon ... though it helps. It takes John Wayne framed by a doorway. Gary Cooper's walk. Clint Eastwood's squint. Gene Hackman's grin. And, now, Russell Crowe's eyes.
For my money happiness is a good western.
Breathtakingly exciting and incredibly moving, this -- far and away James Mangold's finest work -- is nothing less than a revolution. It makes the old not so much new but real again, vital and relevant.
Bears many of the same fatalistic concerns as its 1957 predecessor, but its totally slick execution... polishes the feeling right out of them.
Il aura fallut attendre jusqu'en septembre pour le premier très grand film de 2007
If you are making a do over, at least correct the original's faults.
Not quite on par with the 1957 version, perhaps, but certainly acting as a proper update instead of just a lazy rehash.
Kudos to director James Mangold for not letting anything stand in the way of splendid performances in this impressive remake.
Crowe and Bale deliver exactly as you'd expect. The actors are perfectly cast in their respective roles.
Crowe and Bale are a great study in contrasts, yet the two characters develop a grudging respect for each other that enriches the murky morality play that makes up the last half hour.
An extremely well made, spectacularly entertaining Western that represents director James Mangold's strongest film to date.
Mangold is a filmmaker who doesn't mind throwing a melancholic spotlight on the swallowed regret and pained reflection of his protagonists.
Sprawling, intriguing and handsomely shot, Yuma builds its gruff tension while being reminiscent of the frothy frontier flicks from yesteryear.
Exciting, looks great, and even with the heavy emphasis on gunplay and action, it's well acted, especially by Christian Bale.
A Western that could only occur in Gower Gulch, but the acting of Bale and Crowe and Foster makes it worthwhile.
The new 3:10 to Yuma fires about 5,000 more rounds than the dull earlier edition did.
The movie feels like an uneasy combination of new and old western stylings.
3:10 to Yuma is a drama well worth the journey.
Director James Mangold, who hit his stride with the Johnny Cash biopic Walk The Line, delivers another solid punch with this hard-edged and marvelously acted remake of Delmar Daves' classic 1957 western.
James Mangold's 3:10 to Yuma, an old-school Western updated for modern mores and tastes, pays due homage to its 1957 predecessor.
When a movie is as entertaining as this one, you begin to think this formerly beloved genre is due for a revival.
[Director] Mangold succeeds on his own terms, largely because the actors he's working with here, Russell Crowe and Christian Bale, so comfortably inhabit the movie, and the genre that cradles it.
You don't need to be a fan of that near-extinct genre to enjoy the movie -- sold more as a faceoff between Alpha males Russell "Gladiator" Crowe and Christian "Batman" Bale -- but it may turn you into one.
This Yuma is Shane with a train.
In 3:10 to Yuma director James Mangold has made himself a grand Western.
3:10 to Yuma offers plenty of guns-blazing, pulse-pounding action, but it's the excellent lead performances that stay with you.
A terrific, old-fashioned western, proof positive that sometimes, they do "make 'em like they used to."
It's a movie grounded in something like the credible realism of a John Ford Western but which also can appease the thirsts for blood, wit and tension harbored by fans of Quentin Tarantino.
An extremely well-acted and well-directed remake of a 1957 oater based on a short story by the then-obscure Elmore Leonard.
Even with its flaws, it's a dusty horse ride that's well worth taking and more proof that the western never dies.
... gritty, hugely entertaining.
If the original overplayed its naiveté, the update of 3:10 to Yuma overplays its cynicism only to sell it out at the end.
The heart-stopping, breathtaking journey of 3:10 to Yuma reminds us just how exciting a good, old-fashioned movie can be.
[Director] Mangold has brought welcome intensity to the project, giving 3:10 to Yuma a visceral, immediate quality that makes it realistic and mythic all at the same time.
Reminded me of what a rare pleasure it has become to watch a straightforward and convincing adult genre film...
3:10 to Yuma started out as a pretty straightforward tale. But so much stuff has piled onto this simple structure that you can hear it creaking.
Unapologetically harsh and heedlessly entertaining despite its imperfections, the film includes two masterful performances from Crowe and Bale - actors so intense, they could wear red and intimidate a charging bull.
Represents the classic western genre with a deft touch that recalls what made those movies so enjoyable in the first place.
The best Western since Unforgiven, 3:10 to Yuma is both cathartic and intelligent. While a wildly eventful action-adventure and outlaw shoot-'em-up, it's also a vibrant story of heroism, villainy and hard-earned redemption.
3:10 to Yuma takes too long to decide what kind of movie it's going to be.
It's got old-timey atmosphere with just enough new-age empathy to work. Throw in plenty of gun fighting and two fine actors circling one another with glee, and you've got one hot pistol of a movie.
It remains, underneath all the decoration and heavy artillery, a good yarn.
The tale never quite resonates beyond the screen.
3:10 to Yuma manages to incorporate the rhythms of a contemporary action movie while maintaining a healthy respect for the tenets of the genre. That makes it a train well worth catching.
James Mangold's 3:10 to Yuma restores the wounded heart of the Western and rescues it from the morass of pointless violence.
Director James Mangold draws good performances from both leads as they wrestle with the predatory power structure of the old west.
Lean, almost absurdly satisfying.
3:10 to Yuma struts like a show horse and kicks like a mule.
James Mangold probably won't like me calling his latest film a solid formula movie, but that's what 3:10 to Yuma is.
Great action, sets and camera work set this traditional western up for success in spite of stereotypical good guys and bad guys
Big screen entertainment that rides right next to the great ones, a blazing action-packed film that reminds you what first-rate storytelling and filmmaking is all about.
What Mangold had crafted is like a classic western in theme, but it resembles a modern movie in its pace and its complicated, multi-layered characterizations.
Crowe and Bale immerse themselves completely inside Mangold's milieu, and by the time the bullets started flying and Ben and Dan were bounding over rooftops my heart was beating in idyllic joy.
A kick-ass action film, as well as a vastly entertaining movie that proves that popcorn flicks don't have to be dumb, shallow or contemporary to be enjoyed.
These are two top-notch actors - one British, one Australian - who are utterly at home in this most American of genres.
Follows closely in the original's footsteps, except for all the business about honor, recovered self-worth and justice… There's no spiritual duel, no earned respect and debt of honor… just a broken man and a capricious one.
Russell Crowe and Christian Bale are the main reasons to see 3:10 to Yuma, a serviceable addition to the current western revival.
The lean, cerebral swagger of the 1957 western 3:10 to Yuma is stretched out and punched up with more characters, gun-shooting and horse-riding in an entertaining remake directed by James Mangold.
3:10 to Yuma has its off moments, and its unexplored potential, but for the vast majority of its running time, this is an excellently made and superbly acted throwback.
It's a remake that takes the original's premise and opens it up in a way that feels right. It's smart and solid and unflinching, especially about violence.
Scarily implies that the bad guys now were playing along all along.
A rip-roarin' Western with thrilling gunfights to match its moral tug-of-war, and both Bale and Crowe are terrific.
An edge-of-your-seat thriller with incredible performances by Bale, Foster and Crowe.
A very disappointing western snoozer ... it's like Mangold's lethargic Cop Land.
[G]loriously old-fashioned in the best movie way, redolent of its pulpy, junky roots in the pure adventure thrills of dime novels but also heady with consequence...
Moves at a steady pace, focuses on its characters' shifts in personal morale, and features fine performances, especially from its leads.
Wade's voice sounds like far-off thunder wrapped in velvet; Evans' every word is marked by exhaustion and edginess. ...These men have real complexity, and so do the actors assigned to play them.
Yuma is a 10 in my book, a welcome entry into the pantheon of classic westerns and a bona fide masterpiece of cinema.
I encourage those that go to see the new 3:10 to Yuma to seek out the original on cable/satellite TV or on DVD rental (it is available). Although both tell the same story, each is done with its own sense of style.
Helps us remember why we loved westerns in the first place.
In attempting to moralize the filth of the old West, Mangold sells out the genre's strongest asset.
The ending is totally unsatisfactory. Without giving away any spoilers, ... the resolution is unnecessary and much more cynical than the original.
Crowe is a perfect rogue showing us Wade's mean and nasty side, along with some charm and intelligence
The story is no bigger in the new version, which goes on for 117 minutes. And it's certainly not better.
It combines Old West values with modern filmmaking sensibilities, and it never fails to be compelling, right down to the tense, harrowing finale.
3:10 to Yuma actually improves upon its source by adding more grit and lifeblood.
Superb.
If you don't know that first and infinitely better movie, you likely will find this an OK but instantly forgettable retro-Western, with few dull moments, carried by Crowe's charisma in his role of sly bandit king.
One of the great pleasures of westerns is the showcase they offer for character actors, and 3:10 to Yuma has a pair of aces.
[Director James] Mangold has been smart or fortunate in casting, and personalities sustain interest even when the narrative flags.
May not shake all the cowbells off the genre, but it kicks up plenty of dust.
Yields performances as elemental as the landscape while it questions a culture more concerned with money than human life.
There is nothing overwhelmingly bad about the finished product, but there is also nothing, save for a performance or two, that inspires the viewer to sit up and take notice.
Under Mangold's sure if uninspired hand, the new Yuma is reasonably exciting and terse, and, like its predecessor, built around a memorable villain of ambiguous villainy.
This tense character piece offers proof that Hollywood can still make a good, traditional Western, rather than emulating the revisionist Westerns that have followed in the wake of Clint Eastwood's 1993 Academy Award-winner Unforgiven.
What Alfred Hitchcock once said about thrillers also applies to Westerns: The stronger the bad guy, the better the film. By that measure, 3:10 to Yuma is excellent.
A period-perfect, witty, well-played and exciting Western is all but ruined in the final minutes by someone the screenwriters, a star who insisted on image-flattering changes, a director feeling his Walk the Line oats.
Those who have a deeper abiding love for the western genre than I, may love the new Yuma. I liked a good deal of it -- just enough to be frustrated by the clutter.
The presence of two great actors already puts a few points in the win column, and 3:10 to Yuma rolls along efficiently like a wagon with finely tuned wheels.
Apart from the final minutes of the film that strike its only false note, 3:10 to Yuma barrels down the track at full force.
Moves like a barn on fire.
All too often the action will become a bewildering blur of staging rather than an enthralling construct of violence, increasing the already nagging chorus of logic gaps that do their best to undermine the film.
It's way too early to signal the rebirth of the western at the movies, but if it happens, it'll be because of smart and thoughtful entertainment like this that sucks audiences in whether or not they care how the West was won.
How would today's actors look in the sort of hats once worn by James Stewart, Alan Ladd and John Wayne? If Crowe and Bale are any indication, pretty good.
Crowe adopts a stance of detached bemusement, his eyes alight at what he's watching, almost as if he's decided to play along with his adversary's dogged persistence... just to see where they'll end up.
3:10 to Yuma is a complex, captivating film that allows the audience to draw its own conclusions.
a masterpiece of psychological drama coupled with a darn fine action flick that uses the classic western as its idiom. And then turns it on its head.
It's respectful of its predecessor, and when it does make changes to the existing template, they aren't preposterous or pandering -- rather, they merely take another logical path than the one employed in the previous version.
The performances of Mr. Crowe and Mr. Bale alone are worth the price of admission.
3:10 to Yuma rehashes western motifs -- those civilization/wilderness, essence of manhood themes -- but builds up to a poorly plotted, shoddily executed gun battle.
If 3:10 to Yuma can't generate life into that most moribund of genres, the western, then it's probably time to consign the idea to Boot Hill and be done with it.
A wonderfully old-fashioned western that works in contemporary terms--a rousing demonstration that people can make the kinds of pictures they supposedly don't make anymore.
Maybe this redo didn't need so many bells and whistles, but Mangold brings it home.
three great performances that will satisfy you even if you don't like cowboy flicks.
It's a wonderful surprise to discover that this new version, starring Russell Crowe and Christian Bale and directed by James Mangold, not only remains true to its roots but expands on them in ways that are thrilling and thoroughly entertaining.
A very middle of the road film, one that will never get your heart racing or piss you off too much.
Mangold's remake of 3:10 to Yuma isn't as startling a resurrection job as his Johnny Cash biopic, but it does send a saddlebag full of western tropes skittering into the 21st century.
Decent-enough entertainment, though it's hardly going to breathe new life to a genre whose demise has been reported for at least 30 years.
About the best you can say about Mangold's work is that it won't kill off the genre. Nor will it help to revive it.
Russell Crowe and Christian Bale are two of the finest actors of their generation, and their talents are put to great use.
The atmosphere pointedly caters to the male ego and the dark deliciousness inherent in its complexities.
Watching a movie like this, I can't help but wish that the Western would come back into favor again. We can use more productions like this.
3:10 to Yuma's sanitized view is flatly middlebrow - even the line readings are delivered to make convenient actor showcase clips on award shows.
Who says the Western is dead?
Mangold never makes his dusty landscape an omnipresent force, but his direction is crisp and the script's good additions more or less counterbalance the awful.
Diehard Western fans might appreciate it, but those unfamiliar or uncomfortable with the genre will admire it for the craftsmanship that Mangold et al bring to the table.
A splendid reinvention of the 1957 movie alternating vivid gunfights against a gorgeous background with brain-games of the most manipulative sort.
Has a dark edge that's extremely well-developed by director Mangold, plus layered acting by Bale and Crowe.
Two gripping hours so richly realized you won't want them to end.
Crowe couldn't convey the concept of a predatory animal in control while under restraint any more unsettlingly if he was cannibal Hannibal Lector.
Crowe and director Mangold resurrect the Western! But Ben Foster almost walks off with the movie. You will see it twice.
Galloping and gritty, it's an authentic Western with cynical, contemporary touches.
Director James Mangold's update of the Elmore Leonard short story that spawned the original 1957 Western, is a gritty action-packed movie that trades on the talents of its headstrong leading men.
A sturdy and enjoyable remake of the 1957 minor classic.
James Mangold's movies include Cop Land (1997), Girl, Interrupted (1999), and Walk the Line (2005), and this is by far his most sustained and evocative work.
Reinforced by a strong central premise, James Mangold's remake walks a fine line in retaining many of the original's qualities while smartly shaking things up a bit.
James Mangold's expanded take on 3:10 to Yuma makes for a largely compelling ride on the strength of a powerful cast led by Russell Crowe and Christian Bale.


@highlight

This remake of a classic Western improves on the original, thanks to fiery performances from Russell Crowe and Christian Bale as well as sharp direction from James Mangold.