Zowie! What a picture! Humor, drama, romance, action, thrill! And how!
It should perhaps be remembered that many musicals contain darkness, deep cynicism, and even high tragedy.
Although the audible devices worked exceedingly well in most instances, it is questionable whether it would not have been wiser to leave some of the voices to the imagination.
A tedious musical comedy embedded in a routine story like a fly in celluloid.
The first musical and sound film to win an Academy Award for Best Picture creaks from old age.
Excellent bits of sound workmanship are that of camera and mike following Page and the heavy along the dance floor to pick up their conversation as they glide.
First musical to win Academy Award reeks of mothballs, but is undeniably the basis of perhaps a hundred others.
Mediocre performances and poorly-constructed musical numbers are the low points in this modestly interesting all-talking, all-singing production.
...cinematic evolution long ago froze The Broadway Melody in Precambrian amber. But while the movie is hopelessly dated now, it was the bee's knees in its day.
The first musical to win the Oscar, Broadway Melody is a weak song-and-dance picture, but at the time the movie was so popular that it launched a whole series
It is abundantly clear that they had not yet figured out how to stage or shoot musical numbers for the screen.
Its function as genre blueprint makes for quite the curiosity. More importantly, it also stands up quite well as a solid evening's entertainment.
Mainly a curiosity for film buffs who want to see how musicals erupted in the early days of the talkie.
Without taking the historical context into account it would be impossible to imagine that it won the Best Picture award. It surely must be the most frivolous film to ever hold that honor.
The Broadway Melody won the Academy Award for the best picture of 1929, but I am at a total loss to explain how or why.
Interesting only as an early sound curio.
It's dated, sexist (get a load of the ending!!!), and technically quite inept.
The Broadway Melody's snarky, wiseacre humor and effervescent charm save it from being completely dated, though the dance production numbers -- pure padding, all -- may try your patience.
The staging is wooden, the story insipid, and the dialogue sequences mostly painful, but the film's integration of song, dance, and story was a clear narrative advance over the music pictures being released by Warner Brothers and Fox.
The Broadway Melody has not stood the test of time in ways that many of its more artistic contemporaries have.

@highlight

The Broadway Melody is interesting as an example of an early Hollywood musical, but otherwise, it's essentially bereft of appeal for modern audiences.