The Punk Singer is so much more than just a music doc. It is absolutely essential viewing for anyone interested in learning about the feminist pioneers who dared to stand up for themselves.
The film, with its zine-like construction, is a whistle-stop tour of the fun stuff, of Hanna's highs, and above all, a personal portrait of one girl's ambition to create a space for herself in the front.
It is a love letter to Kathleen Hanna, to feminism, and to the fans, but it's also just a damn good movie.
This essential rock doc underscores how Bikini Kill gave voice to a group that had previously been ignored, particularly by male-dominated punk.
A provocative story about resilience, the feminist movement, and how far we still have to go.
Both a captivating personal story and a history of a moment - as the best rock documentaries are.
The Punk Singer is as much a document of Kathleen Hanna's career as it is a public explanation for the truth behind her early retirement.
The Punk Singer works ... as an eye-witness account of an important movement in feminist art; it's a film as vibrant and as vital as [Hanna's] music.
This hagiographic ode to the quintessential 90s riot grrrl is by no means definitive, but there's a welcome rallying cry to all wannabe revolutionary rockers hidden within the bio-doc blather.
...perhaps there is an inherent contradiction in attempting to capture a democratizing movement through an individual figure, as rocktastic and badass as that figure might be.
This blast from the past is strangely timely.
Anderson's film -- a scrappy, exuberant battler like its subject -- shows how Hanna has transmuted a hunger borne of body-image pressure into a hunger to change the world.
With energy and insight, this documentary races through the life of one of the most influential musicians of the 1990s, feminist punk artist Kathleen Hanna.
[A] terrifically watchable and impressively empowering documentary ...
Kathleen Hanna, former lead singer of Bikini Kill, comes across as an inspirational figure in Sini Anderson's rousing documentary.
A fantastic introduction to original riot grrrl Kathleen Hanna and her groundbreaking work in music, feminism, and all-around kickass awesomeness.
[An] affectionate, bordering on hagiographic, film.
She's a real role model, and her mysterious withdrawal in 2005 - explained as due to undiagnosed Lyme disease - left a vacuum that's still conspicuously unfilled.
A rousing celebration of the creative and political life of outspoken Riot grrrl icon, Kathleen Hanna.
Initially held together by grainy VHS footage and cuttings from old fanzines, the film is gifted with a protagonist of endless brio and a cultural backdrop just distant enough to feel forgotten.
The Punk Singer is the sort of film that makes you want to shriek with a hectic muddle of rage, adoration and passion! A must-see piece of cinema.
A fascinating, affectionate profile with Hanna's husband and former Beastie Boy Adam Horovitz, singer Joan Jett and music writer Kim Gordon in the queue to pay tribute to the riotous grrrl.
Hanna's fearless voice still commands attention.
Leaves you wishing there were more musicians of any sex who embrace rock's potency for smashing cultural boundaries with such power and personality as this one did in her fearless prime.
The Punk Singer takes us back to the era when manifestos were spread in underground fanzines.
Anderson's movie, like Hanna's music, is raw and propulsive, anti-indifferent.
Finally giving Hanna the proper due she deserves, the solid, well-calibrated, leanly composed...and highly enjoyable The Punk Singer brings dimension & real shape to a band, era and scene that is often compartmentalized into one or two categories.
It's the music, though, including a wealth of galvanic performance footage from the Bikinis, particularly, that really makes this worth seeing. It's killer stuff indeed.
A more fawning than illuminating documentary about the Bikini Kill and riot grrrl movement co-founder.
It is not the most subtly layered documentary I've ever seen, but these days it's no longer verboten to take a stance in docs. And there is so much to be admired about Hanna.
The way Hanna burst onto the scene is just as interesting as how she faded from it.
The movie succeeds as a punk chronicle by focusing on a true believer who was lionized by many but who turned out to be only human.
Limited assessment, unbridled voice.
The contradiction between status-quo film style and punk-rock subject never comes close to being resolved, but then Hanna herself is a bundle of contradictions.
...tracks the trajectory of Kathleen Hanna, the All-American Riot Grrrl who, after fronting the feminist punk band Bikini Kill and the feminist pop band Le Tigre, seemingly dropped out of sight in 2005
If 'riot grrl' founder Kathleen Hanna weren't married to Beastie Boy Adam 'Ad-Rock' Horovitz, I doubt a fawning, unobjective documentary like 'The Punk Singer' would even exist.
The Punk Singer (and the formation of the Julie Ruin) offers a welcome return to, if not the fray, then certainly the front - where, as every rebel girl worth her combat boots knows, girls belong.
"The Punk Singer" is a revealing look at Hanna's life, who throughout the film is willing to speak out about her struggles and triumphs in an open and honest way.
Where are the riot-grrrls of today? Take your daughters to the movie, then ask them.
The Punk Singer shows you that even the toughest, most heroic artists sometimes need a break, but the battle is always worth getting up and fighting again.
Director Sini Anderson compiles interviews with Hanna and her husband, Beastie Boy Adam Horovitz, as well as archival footage, into an admiring portrait of a sometimes combative figure.
The Punk Singer is assembled well, moving efficiently through the most important pieces of Hanna's biography...while Hanna and her friends explain the significance.
Even if you don't enjoy the music, it will be hard not to come away from this celebratory work without admiration for a woman who keeps climbing back, a creative force to be reckoned with.
Well-edited, invigorating and moving. It's more than your standard music doc. Hanna's humility, intelligence, courage, sense of humor and charisma shine brightly throughout.
At its best, The Punk Singer tells the story of one pivotal life in a whole movement.
Extensive interviews with Hanna then and now are included, along with band mates, friends, mentors and several different critics and journalists.
Ms. Hanna and her message of empowerment are disappointingly translated very nearly into a cult of personality in this film's idolizing portrayal.
A little more distance could have been beneficial, but The Punk Singer is enlightening regardless.
Fascinatingly traces the evolution of a woman who once sang, "I'm your worst nightmare come to life" in her youth, was hated at a formative age for all the wrong reasons and now has forged a quiet but committed existence as an ailing revolutionary.
This exciting assemblage of archival and interview materials recalls the considerable influence (and sometime public trivialization) of the 1990s riot grrrl movement while showcasing the role of its co-founder and most charismatic leader.
It's impossible to watch The Punk Singer and not ask if feminism is dead. That's a fair starting question. But a better one is what if we've just stopped recognizing it?
Offers a poignant, intimate portrait of a larger-than-life personality-one whose singular voice is still sorely needed in music, culture and, well, everywhere.
The film may be another unimaginative fan letter, but at least Kathleen Hannah is worthy of such devotion.
The Punk Singer generally overcomes its rough production values by realizing the energy of Hanna's achievements in terms of her passion and physical prowess.
Doc offers revelations alongside an invigorating recap of Hanna's influential career.
[VIDEO COLUMN] As moving a documentary as you are likely to see in your lifetime Sini Anderson's filmic telling of Kathleen Hanna's story as the voice of Olympia, Washington's groundbreaking punk band Bikini Kill, really packs a punch.
This is a woman who has been through hell and come out kicking, and the result is as much a celebration as it is a documentary
Over two decades of Hanna's life in just 80 minutes has us wanting more, not to mention the opportunity to share her story as a way to show that feminism is not an ugly word, nor are the hearts of the proud women behind it.
THE PUNK SINGER is unnegotiated truth, a frank and exhilarating portrayal of a legend.

@highlight

It verges on hagiography, but given the deeply compelling nature of its subject's story, The Punk Singer can be forgiven its lack of objectivity.