Most filmmakers would simply amp up the visual assault for the sake of stirring the minds of desensitized viewers; Zombie is brave enough to depart from the source and take insightful back roads that consider the psychology of the subject.
Pick the lamest Halloween sequel out there and you've just found a better horror movie than this one.
Anyone can trace a Picasso.
Teen slasher flick remake is brutal and bloody.
When it comes to Rob Zombie's remake of John Carpenter's Halloween, they don't get any more unnecessary.
Modernizing the classic slasher staple, Rob Zombie's film is surprisingly adept.
Zombie's fury is dulled by his veneration of the horror classic
Zombie's constant use of long lenses, close-ups, and rapid-fire editing are crude attempts to jack up action that is not staged particularly well.
Rob Zombie's 'Halloween' is an artistic failure. One can only say that because Zombie showed himself to be nearly a horror film genius with 'The Devil's Rejects.'
Some may think it isn't fair to compare Zombie's film to the original. Too bad. It's called "Halloween" and I'm pretty sure it's a remake of a movie called "Halloween".
Zombie's 'Halloween' may prove too verbose and literal-minded to satisfy fans of Carpenter's original, but it is a harsh, disquieting experience.
When the score (from the original) is the best part of this retelling, perhaps it's best we don't celebrate Halloween this year.
At the forty minute mark though, what was a relatively tedious serial killer origin film changes into a rushed remake of the first film that ultimately feels like simply another grotesque sequel in the franchise's long line of bad entries.
The result, though undeniably preferable to yet another misbegotten installment of the long-exhausted franchise, certainly doesn't compare to John Carpenter's landmark original film.
Taking 50 minutes to get to the present where the original took five, here we are offered something resembling justification for why poor little Mikey beat and stabbed his way to infamy.
As far as remakes of modern horror classics that did not need to be remade go, rocker-turned-director Rob Zombie's tribute to John Carpenter's 1978 original is not a bad one
Rob Zombie is exposed as yet another anti-throwback who aims to disgust instead of frighten. Quality-wise, he achieves that goal.
...those druids are looking pretty darn good right about now...
An kai hameno den tha ebgaine apo ligo psalidisma se arketes basikes skines, to pantrema ton palion kommation toy mythoy me ta kainoyria toy backstory, ektos toy oti dinei taytotita (esto kai shizoeidi) stin tainia, tin kanei na ksehorizei ap' ta gnosta r
This take on Halloween is grim and nasty, but never remotely scary.
Zombie may not be able to match the stalk 'n' menace of Carpenter's steadicam original, but when the Big Z's knife hits the right groove, he cuts to the dark heart of the Myers legend.
Rob Zombie's Halloween reboot isn't bad as remakes go, but the prequel scenes are better than the remake scenes.
It's inanely-scripted exploitation, sure, but this 'Halloween' doesn't trivialise; it even returns with sympathy to one victim minutes after the attack that has left her bleeding on the floor.
Ron Zombie's "re-imagining" of John Carpenter's slasher classic has made mincemeat of far better films at the box-office, so it's impossible to ignore.
Instead of trampling over the original, he builds on it and creates an homage that should motivate the new generation of horror fans to seek out John Carpenter's original with the respect and excitement it still deserves.
Offers plenty of blood but not much of the rocker-turned-filmmaker's usual gory flair.
though Zombie continues to have a true, unflinching artist's eye for the sublimely horrific, that eye is wasted here on an unnecessarily moribund history of sociopathy as it relates to Halloween in Haddonfield, Ill.
If you thought John Carpenter was too prissy and squeamish...then this is the movie for you.
The Batman Begins of slasher movies, and one of the more frightening stabathons of recent years.
If it wasn't a remake of Halloween, Halloween might have been pretty awesome.
Zombie is still learning and I'm sure in time will deliver a true horror classic of his own. Until then, enjoy his latest effort.
Rob Zombie is a big ol' cinephile who lacks the chops to execute on the screen everything that's going on emotionally and intellectually inside his head.
Rob Zombie's Halloween might have its merits when viewed as a simple horror film, but as a movie based on a pre-existing property, it's nothing short of a travesty.
Zombie's morally dubious earlier films showcased fun-loving, homicidal anti-heroes; but there's nothing jokey or campy about his approach to Myers, whose long hair and mask obsession suggest he may be a worst-case-scenario incarnation of Zombie himself.
This story has been told at least four times too many already!
Chokes the life out of a classic--and then runs it hard into the business end of a butcher knife.
...blood-spilling banality...the sensationalism behind Zombie's directorial demeanor is merely a follow-the-dots frightfest with an exaggerated twitching disorder.
It's a decent diversion.
I won't make the case that Halloween is anything other than a well-crafted slasher film. That's all it wants to be, and that's what it achieves. But I will say that the movie does the horror genre a big favor by reclaiming a legendary character.
Part prequel, part remake, this new look at the cinematic serial killer icon Michael Meyers just isn't very scary.
Halloween manages to combine the weaknesses of both of Zombie's previous movies, while rarely tapping into the strengths of either.
A lot of modern horror has become more synonymous with horrifying rather than terrifying, the chief difference being the latter also provokes feelings of psychological unease.
Contains dialogue so nasty and stupid, you'd swear (right along with the characters) that the booker for Jerry Springer wrote it (Zombie did).
Trick or treat? Rob Zombie's "re-imagining" of John Carpenter's 1978 horror classic Halloween must sadly be consigned to the former category and it's not even a very interesting, suspenseful trick at that.
Rob Zombie's Halloween remake isn't scary, which is really all you need to know about it.
Revamping the influential 1978 shocker Halloween for a new generation of viewers, director Rob Zombie offers a film with more sex, more violence, no humor and zero scares.
The new Halloween has sympathy for the Devil, but not enough.
Rob Zombie's lousy remake of John Carpenter's 1978 slasher classic Halloween adds to the argument that horror movies are losing their box-office appeal because filmmakers no longer know how -- or have any desire -- to create genuine suspense.
More of a Valentine to the original than a recycled cash-grab.
The most depressing thing of all is that Michael will likely survive even this dire endeavour.
The set-up is tediously slow, while the later murders are packed so tightly it's like watching a blender on high speed.
Adeptly packaged in all facets of production, Halloween is nicely cast with a combination of Zombie regulars, familiar faces and compelling newcomers and satisfyingly constructed with camerawork that heightens the suspense on the page.
As a sensory experience, the redo is flat. Even if giving audiences a start were Zombie's strength, fans already know when the scares are coming.
Just a footnote to another film's legacy.
The original Halloween was about Jamie Lee Curtis in danger up to her knee socks. And for socks, that was a remarkably high threshold of danger.
In yet another needless retread of a classic '70s American horror movie, Rob Zombie's prequel-cum-remake of John Carpenter's Halloween does its best to distort everything that worked in the original in its bid for "improvement."
Abhorrent.
When will people like Zombie learn that you shouldn't shine a light on the boogeyman?
Zombie has a clear lack of courage within "Halloween" and displays the definite sign of a man who was too inept to tell his own tale...
If Rob Zombie ever decides to direct a horror movie, watch out.
Zombie is a one-trick pony. I don't like the trick or the pony.
Halloween 2007 externalizes all that was internal in the original.
The original and the remake need to stand alone and apart, and Zombie's film has merits of its own that should be appreciated.
The original is better. You know it. I know it. Rob Zombie knows it. Can we leave it at that and get on with our lives?
Even if you consider a Halloween remake sacrilege, you've got to like a truck stop bathroom that's even gnarlier than the one in Trainspotting.
What an insult to John Carpenter's classic. This Halloween movie will have you screaming, but not from the screenplay, but rather at it.
Hideous beyond words ... Zombie has made the white-trash scuzbucket version of Halloween in which most of the characters are made to be as unkempt and sleazy-looking as he is.
Rob Zombie's gut understanding of what makes '70s horror so great is unfortunately glimpsed in only short, sporadic bursts in Halloween.
Zombie seems to want to explain Myers' evil. But any explanation would be unsatisfactory, and dull the terror of Myers' screen presence.
Zombie's vision is a misguided effort to be all splatter.
The life and times of a fictional monster may not be as respectable a subject as a historical monster like, say, Idi Amin or Truman Capote, but Zombie's portrait is every bit as reverent, scrupulous, and deeply felt as any Oscar-grubbing horrorshow.
Check your calendar, and then cross out Halloween--at least for this year.
Michael Myers is back. And no, you still shouldn't care.
By making the film more graphic, Zombie has also made it considerably less scary and effective than Carpenter's version.
Carpenter's original, a series of brilliant joy-buzzer jolts, treated the horror as a dark pop joke, courting our giggling disbelief. Zombie turns it somber.
There's no suspense, not a single jump-out-of-your-seat moment
Save the first two Halloween films, Zombie's take is the best film of the franchise. That's not saying much, I know, but it is a compliment that Rob deserves.
[It] will come as a welcome relief to fans who've diligently sat through seven Halloween sequels in hopes of one day recapturing some of the terrifying magic of the original.
I was hoping for greatness from Rob Zombie's Halloween, but got pretty-goodness, instead.
Rob Zombie's remake of John Carpenter's Halloween is neither the blasphemous affront hardcore fans have feared nor the flat-out masterpiece one might have hoped for from one of modern horror's most distinctive talents.
Halloween has everything you could want in an updated slasher movie, as long as you're not a homicidally slavish purist.
With Halloween out of his system, maybe Zombie will get back to what he does best: fashioning semi-original ideas that borrow from earlier movies while avoiding outright remakes.
Have you ever been driving down the road and a song you know starts to play on the radio? Wait a second! What the heck is this? This isn't the original. Who is this? Your heart drops. Oh man, this is just some lame cover version. You flip the channel.
Zombie and company give us the proverbial razor blade in the apple with another crappy horror remake.
If they can't top Busta Rhymes kung fu-ing Michael Meyers, there's really no point. Yes, that's the benchmark I have for the Halloween franchise.
Unfortunately, what makes Michael tick doesn't turn out to be all that interesting.
Finally we know why homicidal maniac Michael Myers wears a mask. Straight-up embarrassment.
...a sometimes thoughtful reimagining...also plodding and brutal rather than horrific. The leaner, creepier original remains the classic.
Halloween is about graphic brutality and absolutely nothing more.
Once it steps into a remake of the Carpenter film in its second half, it loses its seriousness.
Zombie humanizes the killer only to turn him into the same slow-moving monster, adding nothing to the legend but grimier personal hygiene and improved stabbing technique.
... Rob Zombie's Halloween shines as a tribute to the slasher genre instead of proof of its passing.
A scrappy, semi-brilliant reawakening of a fabulous horror icon, and the best part about it? No Busta Rhymes.
While generally a well-made horror remake... fans will be chomping at the bit waiting for the slaughter to begin, and once it does, it has very little to offer beyond what John Carpenter did in the original movie.
The original Halloween is so embedded in the horror-movie consciousness now that you can't not know what happens here.
Halloween is brilliant. It's a stroke of slice and dice genius.
This so-called reinvention doesn't cut it by a long shot. It is a foul-mouthed, soulless, low-rent slasher flick that mistakes graphic violence for genuine thrills and sex scenes for character development.
Halloween is, objectively speaking and without thinking about the original, a crummy film. As a remake of the Carpenter movie it's a heinous abortion.
How disappointing to see a film as callous, noisy and stupid as any of the other horror remakes that have been cluttering up multiplexes as of late.
So bad it aspires to the height of utter pointlessness that was Gus Van Sant's remake of Psycho.
The often-awkward original is worth about a tenth of its considerable reputation, yet when compared to Zombie's version it actually looks good.
It was probably asking too much to hope that Zombie would come up with a film that would live up to the high standards of the original, but what he has given us is so completely worthless that it pales in comparison to "Halloween: Resurrection"
Just the latest misguided attempt to recycle an old horror classic, replacing suspense and a sense of mystery with splatter movie cliche and heavy-handed backstory.
John Carpenter can rest easy; any self-respecting horror fan will forget this film even exists by the time the real Halloween rolls around this year.
Although it's not saying much, this is director Rob Zombie's most impressive outing behind the camera.
Many ambitious moviemakers have recklessly tread on John Carpenter's seriously hallowed ground anointed by the raving screen maniac's many fans, and found themselves sorely lacking.
Fans will be chomping at the bit waiting for the slaughter to begin ... it's hard not to walk away feeling disappointed about the return of Michael Myers.
There's plenty of slicing and dicing here, and a few moments of tension toward the end, but this is mostly a workmanlike and uninspired remake.
The best that can be said about Rob Zombie's Halloween remake is that he makes it his own, though the considerable alterations only flatter John Carpenter's 1978 slasher-pic template.



@highlight

Rob Zombie doesn't bring many new ideas to the table in Halloween , making it another bloody disappointment for fans of the franchise.