In Eagle Eye, we're meant to fear our GPS.
As the film drags on, there are several nauseatingly dogmatic moments that make you feel like you're trapped in some kind of uber-liberal rally.
A warning about the threat in our own backyard -- but as often is the case with Hollywood blockbusters, the warning comes across more like fear-mongering than constructive social criticism. Personally, I prefer my cinema sans mongering.
Eagle Eye isn't awful, just trite ... it suffers from the same problem most high concept films have; it's all smoke, but no fire.
The trouble with Shia? He's no Henry Fonda, Jimmy Stewart, or Cary Grant. And as for Caruso, well, Brian De Palma can rest easy.
Everything's chopped up into those woozy, bite-size snippets of flashing lights and spinning tires, thrown into a blender and then regurgitated on screen.
Eagle Eye is a totally derivative, unoriginal techno-thriller, cribbing scenes and ideas from better films. ... But it's also thoroughly entertaining.
...one could certainly do far worse as far as movies of this ilk go.
This is nobody's idea of an intelligent political thriller (or satire), but it is an orgy for the senses.
So colossally ridiculous (and transparently derivative) that willing suspension of disbelief is a fool's errand. [Blu-ray]
Attempting to tap into the public's collective fears and suspicions comes D.J. Caruso's preposterous Eagle Eye, an action film with plenty of thrills but I have no idea what alternate reality it's set in.
What, you can't relate to someone being controlled by an omniscient machine?
...one long, hyperkinetic chase, with the audience wondering what in the heck is happening.
Lowest-common-denominator filmmaking at its most discouraging, with makers who believe moviegoers too stupid to think, so instead opt for constant adrenal gland stimulation.
Pay heed to the movie's warning: Technological advancements might indeed become a concern in the future, especially if they allow for greater mass production of duds like this one.
The cast is not the problem. They are are merely pawns in this cluttered, Ritalin-infused action film that stretches plausibility so often that it would be more accurately described as science fiction.
Eagle Eye occupies a treacherous middle ground. It isn't credible enough to work as a thriller and isn't ridiculous enough to work as a spoof.
The morons going to Eagle Eye are the ones who would most benefit from its message in spoon-fed form.
mplekei homage Kubrick kai (alimono) Spielberg me retalia Tony Scott se asmileyto stilaki Michael Bay (stise 5 kameres, peta amaksia deksia ki aristera, traba ta ola, rih' ta sti montaziera, ki opoios bgalei noima, magkia toy), kynigontas intrigkadoriko p
It's going to make you want to take the batteries out of your cell phone.
An intelligent nail biter.
It could be called Why the PATRIOT Act and Total Information Awareness Are Bad... For Dummies.
Where's Jamie Foxx when you need him?
Text messengers beware, in this wireless espionage romp where Frankenstein is a female, and where Billy Bob gets the best line: I'm not going down in history as the asshole who let this happen.
Oh, come ON.
What's galling about Eagle Eye is that it could easily have been an entertaining film without constantly yielding to the impulse to blow stuff up.
A slickly packaged yet ultimately unpersuasive political action thriller.
I give the film credit for moving along and, for at least the first half, keeping you engaged in the mystery. At the same time, when the film turns, it turns south.
Caruso's films only borrow great ideas rather than use them for special inspiration.
This repackaged plot is being released as"Eagle Eye, a "new" film from the team that brought us the similarly overrated and shamelessly derivative Disturbia.
Eagle Eye is the kind of movie that believes more is better, and while that may sound great in the pitch session, it almost never works.
Even though it clearly resides in the realm of science fiction, it appears to be set in the present day, which is more than enough to tweak even the most rational person's sense of paranoia.
Did everyone involved in this botched thriller OD on speed?
But there's also a puppy-dog doesn't-know-any-better enthusiasm to this pacy fluff which means you can't get that worked up at it.
With a preposterous plot that does not bear close analysis, Eagle Eye should fall short. But such is the breakneck pace of proceedings the holes in the story zoom by too fast for you to notice. And for all its flaws, it's an enjoyable slice of hokum.
don't have the willpower, words, or energy to explain why a psychopathic CIA computer suddenly decides to take over the world. But that's the plot in a nutcase.
Some nonsense is fun, but this wears you down.
As well as being the most preposterously plotted action flick of this or any year, Eagle Eye is a prime example of technophobia at its most hypocritical.
A fun techno romp, mixing great bang for your buck with insights into the dangers of restricting civil liberties. Now, anyone for Shia killing blondes dressed as his dead mother?
This numbskull knock-off of 2001: A Space Odyssey and Enemy of the State has the unlikely effect of making Tony Scott look like Alfred Hitchcock.
This has to be the dumbest and most implausible action movie of the year.
The plot is totally nonsensical but is played at such a thrilling pace that it barely matters.
Portentous nonsense, and loud with it.
A story so awesomely far-fetched you'd have to enter deep space to retrieve it.
But do we care? This is a disastrous mess.
Enjoyable, fast-paced thriller that compensates for its increasingly ridiculous plot with strong performances, great direction and some terrific action sequences.
The 1984 nightmare has been bolted to 2001 (as in Space Odyssey) to make one of the better action thrillers of 2008
Rarely has a film been so serious in its underlying implications and intent, and yet so moronic in its execution.
Even though the political, big-brother-is-watching, conspiratorial aspect of the film tries much too hard, the fast and furious pace of Eagle Eye makes for an entertaining time.
A big, happily implausible blockbuster action movie, and on that level it totally succeeds.
Eagle Eye is a mediocre attempt at suspense that manages to lose all of its dramatic weight at the exact moment it drops its heaviest truths.
Surprisingly flatlines less than it should . . . But 90 minutes after its intriguing opening, Eagle Eye zooms beyond its reassurance that, hey, basically everything's OK post-Patriot Act, folks, to resurrect a Hollywood happy ending from the dead.
A B-movie with higher pretensions, Eagle Eye works best when it concentrates on action.
The concept is beyond ridiculous, the execution beneath inept...
Eagle Eye's simplistic and colorful contrivance is oddly refreshing in its preposterous exuberance...a transparent treat at best. Thoroughly rollicking and roguish...
Here's a movie line I never thought I'd live to hear: "Somebody is hacking into the automated cranes!" With a line like that, don't look for Kate Winslet and Judi Dench in the credits.
An overcooked, far-fetched, break-neck paced thriller that has plenty of action but little time for anything else
Keeps our attention all the way through, even as the plot gets increasingly preposterous
Eagle Eye churns and flails and piles on pointless and improbable complications.
The film is probably twenty minutes too long, and can't seem to decide if its techno-philic or -phobic, but is an otherwise compelling and cogent performance piece for LaBeouf and company.
The scriptwriters are setting a trap, but there's a risk. If they push the capabilities of the unseen female voice too far -- and they do -- they risk our patience. Once you withdraw your willingness to believe, it's hard to get it back.
It has been shot and edited with that hectic, all-too-familiar brand of impressionistic choppiness often used by Hollywood directors to make a silly story unintelligible.
Those that are bothered by shaky camerawork might want to stay home or take Dramamine. Considering how promising the premise was, EAGLE EYE is a major disappointment.
To make barcodes scary, a thriller needs a pace faster than a busy self-scan checkout. Thankfully, there's no need for a price, or pulse, check on this furious, if exhausting, flat-world thriller that Thomas Friedman would appreciate.
Eagle Eye fails to engage the audience into caring much about the characters because you are too busy trying to figure out what the hell is going on.
The story goes from being a paranoid post-9/11 nightmare to being a goofy piece of sci-fi junk.
It's a poor man's 2001: A Space Odyssey and The Fugitive. I actually feel a little dirty naming those two when talking about this one.
While highly improbably and overly chaotic, the film is entertaining, which is all that really matters from this type of movie.
[LaBeouf]'s just not very credible in elaborate action set-pieces, although at least this time he's not trying to convince us that he's a '50s greaser.
The situation is anything but average, but [LaBeouf and Monaghan] two stars ground the adventure just enough to make the film into an enjoyable diversion.
So fast paced and exciting that you don't care whether or not it makes any sense
If you have a taste for this sort of nonsense, then all this hyper-implausibility is actually kind of fun.
This cautionary tale about the perils of technology might seem more sincere if the movie ever stopped trying to indoctrinate us into being good consumers with its incessant product placement...
Since it is plainly obvious that the movie's priorities lie not with its message, but with its lightning-fast pacing and confusing action scenes, it's insulting when these ideas are shoehorned in half-heartedly.
HAL has a granddaughter? Who knew?
Bristling along on one amazing narrative convolution after another, and fueled by fascinating gung ho performances from everyone involved, Eagle Eye is a jovial serving of cinematic junk food.
Big Brother isn't watching, he's seen this already. Eagle Eye is for the guy in front of me on his cell phone...
We need to find some new places to stage foot chases, because the airport? It's been done.
A loud, muddled and empty sci-fi thriller.
Eagle Eye starts out strong as an exciting action/suspense movie but eventually the implausibilities of the story catch up with it.
Eagle Eye wants to be a modern day North by Northwest. Instead it has to settle for being a slightly higher tech Die Hard with a Vengeance.
...the filmmakers apparently want you to suspend your disbelief.
The action sequences are frequent and frenetic, and Caruso bathes every scene in a high-tech sheen to cover the gaping leaps in illogic.
How [do] these actors manage to slog through this awful script and its deteriorating-by-the-minute premise and still deliver their lines with a straight face.
It's a terrible movie. You could go into any supermarket, pluck two reasonably attractive people from the check-out line, put them in this movie, and nothing would change. Shia LaBeouf and Michelle Monaghan are lost amid the dumb, uninvolving chaos.
Eagle Eye feels less like a vehicle for an action hero than the latest in a series of national focus groups to determine LaBeouf's commercial viability.
A film like Eagle Eye can be an escape. Just don't try to think your way through it, or you might suffer a brain hemorrhage.
Que filminho estúpido. E divertido.
The simple fact is that what starts as fast and furiously entertaining potboiler easy to roll with suddenly becomes one of the more incredulously asinine and unintentionally silly disasters I've seen all year.
Eagle Eye, with a more nuanced idea of paranoia and the ills of technology gone wild, could have been both entertaining and disturbing. Deafening isn't quite the same thing.
Noisy, derivative and thoroughly preposterous even by the standards of 21st-century action movies.
It all wears very thin by the third act, when The Voice really starts to grate and all remaining sense slams into a brick wall.
It's entertaining, if you're OK with it not making a ton of sense.
The chase eventually wears thin, and Eagle Eye eventually strangles its actors in the threads of its plot.
[Director Caruso] has done a masterful job of maintaining suspense, keeping the stunts mind-blowing and dressing the visuals in the bleak hues and gritty style of a '70s paranoid thriller.
The movie doesn't have three brain cells to rub together, but the premise carries it a long way.
At the very least, Eagle Eye gives us two principals who are appealing enough to keep us interested in them.
Should this film be a huge box office success, it will stand as a sad testament to how low the bar for cinematic entertainment has been set.
Eagle Eye requires blind faith in its silly storyline
Eagle Eye should boast all sorts of contemporary resonance. But it'd probably feel just a little bit timelier and more relevant if it took place in a universe that bore even the faintest resemblance to our own.
The more that's revealed about the forces at work on Jerry and Rachel, the less interesting the plot becomes.
Eagle Eye is big, loud and expensive, but it's not particularly entertaining.
There are lots of new wrinkles to ponder about American surveillance, but it seems that all the writers have surveilled is HBO.
As the absurd contrivances mount, and the omnipotence of the shadowy conspiracy becomes more and more hard to buy into, the movie loses its footing.
We've seen this all before -- but rarely in such an entertaining format. Eagle Eye is like watching an entire season of 24 in two hours flat.
Finally, an action-adventure thriller that feels as if it were created, directed and acted, soup to nuts, by a computer program.
The film is a rag bag of concepts and characters from earlier, vastly better movies.
A ridiculous wrongly-accused-guy-on-the-run thriller.
Disturbia team shows it can steal from a variety of sources -- not just Hitchcock -- in this laughably convoluted thriller about Big Brother run amok.
Big Brother's watching you, and he can't stop laughing his ass off.
Set in the present, and directed by a middling talent, Eagle Eye still has some entertainment value. But only if youâ(TM)re looking for a good laugh.
Eagle Eye wants to be a little on the sci-fi side, but it's mostly just badly plotted and executed.
Forget suspending disbelief; you would have to suspend consciousness to go along with this story.
For all its digitally effected chaos, the cinematic threat level in Eagle Eye never even comes close to orange.
The only title that works for this movie is Three Days of the Mongoloid.
Die Hard meets The Fugitive meets 2001: A Space Odyssey in the fully paranoid Eagle Eye, a frantic thriller that's nowhere near as good as its influences but still manages to get the job done.
You can't help thinking that if Hitchcock were inspired by today's privacy meltdown, he'd need only a quarter of the explosions to leave us shattered.
[Hitchcock] for a modern age bloated by steroids, addled by action, and incapable of long-term attention.
Eagle Eye has half an idea in its head, but over two hours there's no time to complete or explore it, since the movie isn't just a chase but a combination steeplechase and destruction derby.
It might merit a B-minus in the silly popcorn movie category if it didn't unwisely decide, toward the end, that it wasn't willing to be just a silly popcorn movie.
A far-fetched conspiracy story that depicts the growing and pervasive role of technology in our lives.
Unwilling to do anything in moderation, the four people it took to write one of the worst screenplays of the year almost seem to be playing a game where they have to top each other with each stupid twist.
...this is a movie with many meanwhiles %u2014 it seems to have been edited with a hand grenade
It's a tad long, and it doesn't always add up, but the action sequences are pretty visceral and genuinely exciting.
Without giving anything away, let's just say that the ending of Eagle Eye is about as subtle as being impaled to death by an American flag.
The film unfolds at such breakneck speed that the credits are rolling before it becomes fully apparent that the storyline actually ran out of gas some way back.
In Eagle Eye, old-school political paranoia is filtered through a new prism that focuses not on terrorism but on overcooked US government measures to monitor citizens.
We're told that the idea for Eagle Eye came from executive producer Steven Spielberg, but it's not a very original idea and it's no surprise that Spielberg didn't want to direct it himself...
I was waiting for Will Smith to pop up in this sequel to Enemy of The State, which was extremely far-fetched but still deliver pretty decent entertainment.
There's nothing wrong with occasionally indulging in an entertaining film purely because it is an entertaining film. What is the point of a healthy, nourishing dinner if there isn't any desert at the end?
With less expensive actors, it might just have been called Chase Movie, and played for laughs.
The pic's first 35 minutes sizzle until a Byzantine plot nudges the story toward near-parody in the final act.
As tightly coiled as a Slinky, and for all their running around, LaBeouf and the normally engaging Monaghan are stuck with characters who aren't particularly lively and, more problematic, fail to spark the requisite chemistry.
Provides one of the biggest You've Got To Be Kidding moments of the year.
This big, bone-headed and unintentionally laughable techno-fear thriller is a movie in one hell of a hurry.
D.J. Caruso's skills (and those of his eager and competent cast) would be better used in a less ludicrous, more plausible story.
What might have been a zeitgeist-fueled paranoid thriller along the lines of The Conversation or Three Days of the Condor winds up an unintentionally hilarious exercise in the suspension of disbelief, peppered with confusingly edited car cha
The Kubrickian Hitchcock elements are out front and personal, but D.J. Caruso keeps things nicely slick and swift so the film reminds you, maybe not of those legends, but certainly of someone like John Badham at his 1983 peak.
two hours of absolute nonsense that is easily the noisiest action film to come around the pike since "Transformers" and quite possibly the dumbest one to boot.
This time, Big Brother doesn't only want to listen to us - he wants to kill us.
It's worth a look for the effects, or if you just want to scare yourself into throwing out your cellphone and living off the grid.
Take one or two good ideas and add a lot of political thriller clichés and you end up with a disappointingly predictable action movie that doesn't necessarily deliver on the promised goods.
This is just good, old-fashioned filmmaking with two likable protagonists up against a monolithic antagonist.
A promising premise, some intense action, and a lively appearance by Billy Bob Thornton might have been enough to squeak this one by as a summer movie.
So many ideas from other films have been cobbled together the experience of watching it is like being in a blender.
The screenwriters, four in all, and director D.J. Caruso completely squander any opportunity to be original and instead opt to make a generic and completely unsatisfying thriller.
Determined to remake himself into a mini-Michael Bay (replete with military hardware fetishism!), Caruso shoots primarily in shaky, glossy close-ups that obliterate any sense of spatial proportion, scale or lucidity.
a likable paranoid fantasy that will handily kill a couple of hours on a Saturday afternoon... before disappearing into the endless data stream it depicts with such apprehension.
Though it aspires to be an intriguing political cautionary tale, the movie is mostly about the feverish and jarringly choreographed chase scenes.
Big Brother may be watching, but Eagle Eye is barely worth a peek.
exploits paranoia about the invasion of personal privacy by technology with an entertaining action fantasy that pushes all the right buttons
Depending on your perspective, it will be either one of the year's sillier films or one of its most enjoyable ones. Or possibly a combination of both.
Eagle Eye skillfully taps into post-Sept. 11 paranoia -- a briskly paced thriller that blinks at times but mostly keeps its focus.
It means to say something about anti-terrorism surveillance and civil liberties, but if you asked me what Eagle Eye is about, I'd have to say it's about as dumb as can be.
Eagle Eye isn't horrible, but it does make sure the audience is bruised, buffeted and battered with rock-'em, sock-'em action in a deliberate attempt to shake logical questions about the plot out of their heads.
Eagle Eye promises to blow your mind with a big reveal, but my mind was already blown trying to enumerate just how many movies it rips off along the way.
Eagle Eye wants to be Marathon Man, or Enemy of the State, only with a post-9/11 overlay and a plot device lifted straight from 2001: A Space Odyssey.
An empty calorie, implausible action film with the sort of visual diarrhea most associated with Jerry Bruckheimer and Michael Bay, Eye squanders a stunning start on a wheezing screenplay obese with mass stupidity and grand theft movie.
By the time Jerry and Rachel are riding around on airport conveyer belts while Agent Morgan, in hot pursuit, stumbles over luggage behind them, the film has lost all semblance of sanity and focus.
Check your credulity at the door, and you'll at least enjoy some high-impact action scenes.
The word 'preposterous' is too moderate to describe Eagle Eye. This film contains not a single plausible moment after the opening sequence, and that's borderline.
Caruso and Spielberg probably thought they were reviving the paranoid style of 70s political thrillers, but their story is so implausible it barely provokes a tremor.
Manages to be both ominous and fun, making this a popcorn thriller with an edge.
And you thought Live Free or Die Hard turned real issues into rubbish.
As an election-year riff on current events, it's moderately clever, even though it has no nerve whatsoever. (Last year's Shooter had more guts.)
A very juvenile copy of its Hitchcock-Kubrick models, efficiently made in the overwrought mold of contemporary action-adventure movies but a painfully loud--and silly--knockoff of the originals.
Eagle Eye's a bad movie, at times ridiculously so, but it's not a boring movie.
Running, crashes, yelling, and no story. And wait til you hear who the villain is.
Explosion-filled thriller is clever but confusing.
Eagle Eye has its flaws, but you're not going to care or notice them.
So what we have here is the world's smartest entity giving orders to the two dumbest people.
Good, manic fun plus a heavy dose of political intrigue adding up to two hours of clamorous, mind-numbing nonsense.
The fever-pitch paranoia of this terrorist thriller, the seizure-inducing editing, the dense layers slapped on a fairly simple plot all point to a kind of overkill that only Hollywood money can buy.
So hysterical in its terrorist subplot and its seizure-inducing action sequences that a pummeled viewer can be excused for texting WTF? to a friend in the middle of the chaos.
Lagging behind the times in technology, politics, and ideas, Caruso's suspense-thriller should have been made five years ago, when exec-producer Spielberg first came up with the concept; even so, the first reel is dangerous and menacing.
It's presented as a thriller, and it is, but Eagle Eye is also a political film. It's not a very good political film, nor is it a very good thriller, ironically enough because it wants to be very good at both.
The movie is about the crashing, chasing, shooting and exploding, not about the human collateral damage left in its wake.




@highlight

Eagle Eye is a preposterously plotted thriller that borrows heavily from other superior films.