While that unknowing used to invigorate me to scour resources and get to the heart of the art itself, I now merely shrug as I move on to the next new thing.
This is a slow moving film, but it does have a few abrupt cuts. There are some striking images in this film. This is mainly for contemplative people who have patience, and for fans of Godfrey Reggio's films.
Entrancing, reminding of a thought-provoking media art exhibit exemplifying the antithesis of Hollywood moviemaking.
Visitors will work for some but fall short for many, it is an experiment in filmmaking that attempts something new but ultimately fails.
Staring at "Visitors," not only do many things seem unusual, many more seem familiar, paralleled by other artists.
The score, by Philip Glass, adds to the off-kilter mood and the faces of a serene gorilla, and a moody child in a playground, prove especially absorbing.
For all its beauty -- and in spite of Glass's majestic music -- the effect is bewildering.
A weirdly beautiful film, eerie in its complicated simplicity, and open to seven billion interpretations, all of them valid.
A graceful, dreamlike experience.
The director of the seminal time-lapse aria, Koyaanisqatsi, slows things down for his scintillating and otherworldly latest.
With only 74 slowly unfolding shots, it's closer to gallery installation than conventional cinema, but for audiences open to the experience, it's inexplicably compelling.
Too empty to arouse insight and too samey to sustain excitement, Reggio's best hope is that audiences will fall into a communal trance before they fall asleep.
Strange and surreal but with moments of real beauty.
Begs us to stop for a few minutes to soak up the meaning underneath the surface.
Amazing visuals, as you would expect from QATSI auteur Reggio.
Non-narrative films can be opaque in deep ways. Visitors slips into pseudo-profundity. That said, I'd see it again.
We get the point, and have gotten it since 1982. And aestheticizing it in this way doesn't make the message any more convincing or urgent.
An engaging experiment for the first hour
Make of Reggio's arty documentary what you will
There's no plot or characters, but it's one intriguing image after another.
At times, "Visitors" feels like a fully realized vision; at others, an exercise in pretentiousness.
The "oh, come off it" art movie of 2014.
Reggio has talked about his movies as attempts to bypass the intellect, a "visceral form of cinema" that's "aimed at your solar plexus." But you may experience "Visitors" as more of a sedative than a punch in the guts.
Challenging work but also soothing and richly exploratory, acting as a continuation of Reggio's filmmaking interests with a newfound sense of digital liberation.
"Visitors" restores a sense of monumentality to a medium that has seemed so diminished by recent technological and commercial imperatives ...
This is a dialogue-free documentary composed of beautiful black-and-white photography set to an atmospheric Philip Glass score, and it's a patience-straining exercise in narrative asceticism.
Whatever Visitors lacks in philosophical heft it more than compensates for in sheer sensual, textual pleasure. It's good to have Mr. Reggio back.
Godfrey Reggio's Visitors is as much a Zen experience as it is a movie, although as the latter it can be quite astonishing, too - cinema that envelops and enthralls.
Godfrey has said he wants Visitors to be about texture, not text, but it actually feels like the most cerebral of his films and not in a good way, but rather in an overdetermined didactic way.
"Visitors" would maybe make for an intriguing museum installation, but as a movie, it's the pits.
It all sounds quite convincing in theory, but in practice this mélange of imagery is aimed more at the inside of Reggio's head than anywhere else.
While this is patently not a film that big-box cineplexers are going to rush to in droves, Visitors remains a wondrous work of artistic achievement.
We see unadorned faces staring at the camera; afternoon shadows moving across a large, institutional-looking building; forlorn images of an abandoned amusement park; the misty, magical quiet of a swamp.
Some of what [Godfrey] Reggio is trying to say is obvious, and some is elusive. Either way, the effect is remarkable.
As it glides along from one pretty picture to the next, Visitors starts to feel less like a singular artistic gesture than a compendium of quasi-experimental film clichés.
The effect is akin to a mediated staring contest: the film audience looks into the eyes of the individual people on screen, who look back, their expressions changing in slow-motion, as Glass's minor-key score triggers emotional synapses deep within.
Visitors is far from the master's best film, but I know I'll be haunted by it for a while.
For a film that's almost entirely solemn people watching, it's impressive how maddening 'Visitors' is.
For better or worse, I've never seen anything quite like it.
If you let it, Visitors casts a spell, unlike any film you've seen in a long time.
"Visitors" is the first Reggio feature that feels more inert and random than purposeful and propulsive. Yet it's refreshing for having mostly avoided the soapbox in order to concentrate on ambiguous imagery.
An ambitious, visually stunning achievement. Mesmerizing and transfixing, but eventually becomes tedious and repetitive.
Godfrey Reggio's latest movie, "Visitors," has all of the pretensions and none of the pop of his earlier work.
A tedious Rorschach test whose novelty depends on discounting much of the history of photographic, cinematic, and gallery art.
The word for the film is transfixing.
Many of the children whose faces are shown in the film were shot as they looked at video games; their expressions suggest that whatever they were watching was a lot more fascinating than this.
Walkouts and snores are to be expected, although those on the film's meditative wavelength will be held rapt.
Entrancing images will awe some viewers and leave others scratching their heads.
[Reggio's] formal devices haven't changed in 30 years, and the po-faced presentation, once hypnotically strange and cosmic, now feels like an overused gimmick.
Watching a Godfrey Reggio movie is like hearing somebody brag about not owning a TV -- it's insufferable as much for being sanctimonious as for being utterly clichéd.
A calculated philosophical emptiness pervades the solemnly contemplative, minutely gliding, powdery-matte images of this visual symphony by the director Godfrey Reggio.
Godfrey Reggio's symphony of pristine 4K images doesn't add up to one grand epiphany, but an intermittent cluster of small ones.
Reggio's film is an artistic and aesthetic achievement unlikely to be equaled in 2013, and perhaps the only film in recent memory which can proudly claim to be unlike anything else we have ever seen.

@highlight

While director Godfrey Reggio's filmmaking style has lost some of its initial thrill, Visitors finds him returning to his familiar milieu with customary élan.