For all of its visual feats, you can never quite get around that disconnected dialogue, especially the persistent chatter from a prehistoric bird-narrator voiced by John Leguizamo that approaches Jar-Jar levels of irritation.
For a film where so much effort has been put into making the CGI effects look good, a similar amount of emphasis and importance haven't been devoted to dialogues.
Littlies will be enchanted by these visually impressive talking dinos.
When the wisecracking dialogue occasionally shuts up and the jerky pace slows down, you notice the astonishing CGI detailing. Otherwise, this boasts all the flair, heart and originality of an inbred sea cucumber.
The problem isn't the animation, which has been accomplished and, at times, jaw-dropping. It's the concepts and the writing.
All narration and childish fart jokes should've been removed from this movie, and then, perhaps the children in the audience would actually learn something.
"(A)beautifully animated but plot-thin kids film that borrows heavily in the story department from both the Land Before Time and Ice Age movies, as well as various Disney animated classics."
Walking with Dinosaurs 3D has gorgeous, meticulously detailed CGI, but also way too many stupid jokes about poop and puke.
I realize scientists can't prove dinosaurs didn't communicate telepathically, but I suspect the filmmakers' decision to go telepathic stems more from financial concerns than artistic or scientific ones.
Some of the character transformations are rushed (such as that of Patchi's older brother) and I don't quite think there's enough here to keep youngsters entertained.
As I gazed, slack-jawed, at the fantastic visuals of wWalking With Dinosaurs,' I could not fathom how it came to be paired with the hideous, low-brow dialogue. And then I think I figured it out.
The film should have been called Walking Very Slowly With Dinosaurs. And as well as being shown in 2D and 3D, the posters should have included that the film can also be seen in Zero D, which is the format you experience the film in when you fall asleep.
[The] inevitable big-screen brand expansion of the Walking with Dinosaurs property proves to be as slickly-packaged an endeavour as you'd expect from any franchise entrant.
With no attempt at lip-synching, the detachment of the voices from the main characters is more supernatural than 3D.
An educational show with the addition of a moronic plot and a lot of poop and flatulence gags.
Unfortunately dopey, it's a nonsensical, mind-numbing disappointment.
an insufferable family adventure whose impressive animation is consistently undercut by cartoonish self-awareness.
Pop-up infomercials introducing each new character remind us that there's an educational remit lurking somewhere in the background, but the primary thrust is light, breezy and a little bit bitey.
My dream has always been to "Walk with Dinosaurs", but if they're this shallow and annoying, I'll just stick with looking at their skeletons.
Sure, it's aimed at kids, but as much as they all love dinosaurs...subjecting them to a film this annoying won't do anything but dampen that enthusiasm.
Hey kids. Do you want to have fun and learn at the same time? Do you? Do you? Of course you don't.
Directors Neil Nightingale and Barry Cook have created a gorgeous visual feast, with computer animation that is superimposed on real-life settings, giving Walking with Dinosaurs a unique look of reality.
Kids crazy about dinosaurs -- find me one who isn't -- will love this one.
An ambitious effort to meld learning and entertainment that ultimately works as neither.
The only solace from the uninspired characters and crammed-in factoids are the gags about poop and puke - juvenile, yes, but also appropriate for the film's "back to nature" ethos.
like trying to enjoy a nature video in a room of talkers who think they're much more funny than they really are
Thrilling, semi-educational CGI movie with a few scary bits.
Walking with Dinosaurs unfolds like a decent 3D documentary screened at a museum theater - which ultimately makes it a C-grade theatrical feature.
Ignore the chit-chat ... and the CG critters wow.
With such a low-brow mentality, it makes any educational efforts seem disingenuous.
You'd think it'd be hard to screw up a movie about dinosaurs, and yet Hollywood keeps doing so.
The filmmakers make a serious mistake by aiming this educational epic at very young children, because they've undermined the considerable skill and artistry that have gone into making it.
A film that is not so much bad-although it is quite bad-as it is utterly inexplicable.
Walking With Dinosaurs is too good a visual treat to miss, especially if you catch the 3-D version. But don't expect to enjoy the predictable, paper-thin story.
You could write "Walking With Dinosaurs'' off as harmless filler for the under-5 set, except that the only female dinosaur, Juniper, exists solely to moon over Patchi, who as a hatchling lost part of an ear to a winged predator.
[T]he battle between the movie's educational and story-time modes is arduous.
The animation department deserved a better story and script than this.
Man! And I thought GROWN UPS 2 was bad! WALKING WITH DINOSAURS is an absolute chore to sit through. Do not waste your time and money on this during the holiday season.
The beauty and majesty of the great creatures is marred a bit by too much focus on poop and barf jokes, silly winks at the audience," and distracting anthropomorphism.
It gets this critic's traditional back of the hand for this kind of kid's movie: parents should flip a coin... and the loser has to take them.
The best target audience for this will probably be deaf paleontologists. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
Collee piles on references to such distinctly human concepts as ninjas and ballet, while 21st-century expressions ("Worst migration ever!") and a forgettable selection of pop tunes feel instantly biodegradable.
If you're a fan of the 1999 BBC documentary series Walking with Dinosaurs and are hoping for more of the same, get ready for an Apatosaurus-sized level of disappointment from Walking with Dinosaurs 3D.
Features animation stunning and accurate enough to make up for its simple story and unnecessary voice-over dialogue.
The movie looks great, the writing is peppered with moments of wit, and there's even an educational component built in as dinosaur facts are displayed on the screen.
The photo-realistic look is striking, but the dialogue is occasionally wince-inducing. Think a sub-par Flintstones episode.
However well-intentioned the movie may be, it spills over with flat cutesy humor, making a slog out of an experience that should be filled with wonder.
It's unlikely that a dinosaur wrote the script-the Writers Guild of America makes no provision for Cambrian membership-but this animated feature is dimwitted all the same.
Aesthetic attention to detail, even when it's painstaking, goes only so far when the content is mediocre.
Pretty silly - but reliable machine-tooled family fare for the holidays.
like taking a tour of the Grand Tetons with the cast of Family Guy making fart jokes the whole time
It's a lucky thing "Walking With Dinosaurs" makes good use of fine songs by Lord Huron and Fleetwood Mac to distract us because that story is about as fresh as a pterodactyl fossil.
The good intentions are fossilized under the cutesy poop.
Walking With Dinosaurs: The Movie boasts some impressive special effects but is ultimately let down by a terrible script, a dull story and a poorly conceived American voice dub that is extremely grating.
Walking With Dinosaurs 3D is about as dumbed-down as nature cinema can get (at least their lips don't move), made even worse by stereotyped male-female roles that really do hearken back to the Stone Age.
Kids love dinosaurs. But only the littlest kids will love Walking with Dinosaurs.
Unfortunately the filmmakers must have been worried that the science lesson, though perfectly engaging on a visual level, would bore small children, so the movie is stuffed with glib, unfunny wisecracks along the lines of Shrek.
Obviously, I'm not even close to the intended audience for this film, but it was maddening and frustrating to watch so much ambition wasted on delivering such lame junk.
The strain to make the film both an educational tool and a child-minded entertainment is noticeable throughout.
Educational content, clever CGI, and John Leguizamo as a prehistoric bird.
A 3D adventure in a land before time that will wow the whole family.
The balance between cuteness, 3D spectacle and education value feels blanded out to the point where it's not especially memorable.
Jurassic Park was groundbreaking. Walking With Dinosaurs doesn't even leave a footprint.
Like a more expensive Land Before Time: bad writing, corny jokes and a weak (and familiar) plot.
Cute, well-animated, educational and not for anybody over age 10.
Not only saddles its prehistoric attractions with sassy banter, but also inserts them into an impossibly generic coming-of-age adventure.
An awkward combination of nature documentary and kids' movie, with dubious educational value.
A rehash of elements borrowed from Disney's largely forgotten Dinosaur and Don Bluth's The Land Before Time, Walking with Dinosaurs finally answers the question,'What killed off the dinosaurs': Birds talked them to death.
The grand push and pull of life is scrubbed out of Walking with Dinosaurs, replaced with a trite, dull effort that's utterly confused about what it wants to be. Your kids deserve better.
Unfortunately, there's no majestic visual this movie can't undercut with bathroom humor as the charmless characters chatter simply to fill the space. Not even aurora borealis is spared.
First-rate CG effects do battle with third-rate dialogue in this 3D adventure based on acclaimed BBC series.
It may have been better aimed at slightly older children, but your little monsters should get a kick out of it.
With an insulting and lacklustre paint-by-numbers story, Walking with Dinosaurs comes across more as a shameless Christmas cash grab by studio execs advertising dinosaur toys rather than an actual film.
Sub-vaudeville 1950s sitcom humor and a horrifically dated message about boys as heroes and girls as the heroes' property. You know, for kids!
While the script may not always click - though Justin Long always plays it appropriately like a high school romp - the computer animation is always immersive and impressive, with the 3D adding much to the atmosphere.

@highlight

Walking with Dinosaurs boasts painstaking visual brilliance, but it's unfortunately clouded by a clumsy script that's dominated by juvenile humor.