If this is the type of film we can expect from Netflix in the future, then Cannes might want to rethink their rules.
I really enjoyed "The Meyerowitz Stories (New and Selected)" although it is not Baumbach's best. [Full review in Spanish]
There's emotional heft here, too. And the movie is a reminder that Adam Sandler, as he was in Paul Thomas Anderson's Punch-Drunk Love back in 2002, is a really compelling dramatic actor.
Noah Baumbach's spleen is directed at the second-rate pretending that they are first-rate. This is called "punching down" and in line with America's degraded values.
Sandler's best and most sympathetic work here is non-verbal.
The dialogue bristles.
A terrific cast, which also includes Emma Thompson as Harold's fourth and current wife, adds needed warmth to the slightly chilly, Bergman-esque histrionics.
... The Meyerowitz Stories lacks the rigor that its director and writer showed in his first films. [Full review in Spanish]
If it's a little softer than some of his darkest or most hilarious movies, it's made with just as much confidence, even wisdom of a sort.
The performances are wall-to-wall perfection.
Baumbach set the dialogues with interesting lines and the pretentiousness of the artistic milieu is perfectly calibrated. Even without digging too much, it's easy for us to find humanity and even warm-heartedness among the family members
It is a real achievement of the filmmaker / screenwriter Baumbach that Sandler wins our sympathy and even moves us... [Full review in Spanish]
This very funny movie about a dysfunctional family of artistic types is a lot like some of Woody Allen's best comedies set in New York City.
The Meyerowitz Stories (New and Selected) is Noah Baumbach continuing to provide authentic portraits of upper-class dysfunctional families, only this time he has unleashed three career-best performances (Adam Sandler, Ben Stiller, and Dustin Hoffman)
Expertly sketched by Baumbach, this memoir-like portrait ... is the kind of bittersweet character comedy we're now used to seeing told in three seasons of prestige television.
Faithful to the tradition of psychological realism of Noah Baumbach where the audience can find the familiarity of another family. [Full Review in Spanish]
Netflix's The Meyerowitz Stories (New and Selected) is the dysfunctional Jewish family that This Is Where I Leave You wanted to be.
A tender willingness to let their characters be immature, contradictory, or directly idiotic to show that these imperfections are the most genuine source of family affection. [Full review in Spanish]
A hilarious and touching Netflix original, sculpting a very New York film out of a brilliant ensemble cast.
Both [Adam] Sandler and [Ben] Stiller are so very good, showing us much more depth and range than we've seen before.
The movie crackles with an emotional energy, and cackles with a rueful laughter.
It gives the actors a lot to do, and they almost exclusively do it well, and generally they're quite funny about it. But it's much less than the sum of its parts.
Represents something of a summation of all of the topics and themes of Baumbach's career to date (Living Life Fearless)
Sometimes a couple of words can be enough to reconstruct battered family relationships. [Full review in Spanish]
[U]nbearable to watch. . .There is no plot here, to speak of, just an indulgent display of each male's obnoxious behavior, separated into pseudo-literary chapters.
Baumbach, a prolific writer and director with a great knack for casting, has a long series of films to his credit, usually about characters who reveal themselves by their modish dialogue. His new film may be his best and also his most characteristic.
Baumbach tends to be at his best when capturing NYC bustle and interpersonal awkwardness, offering a loosely plotted character examination that's periodically hilarious and charmingly restless.
The Meyerowitz Stories may feel like business as usual for Baumbach, but it's a quietly evolutionary step in his filmography.
As Harold, Dustin Hoffman is at his very best.
Adam Sandler is more than good as the lost, angry Danny.
Family dysfunction with humor; mature themes, cursing.
The film's biggest liability is that it isn't very funny, bereft of the witticisms Baumbach perfected in his collaborations with [Greta] Gerwig.
(Baumbach) pens parallel discordant comedic harmonies that sometimes come together, at the point where his characters, finally, at last, are talking about the same thing.
Baumbach's ripest and wisest film to date, alert to the fact that so little in life, especially a screwy or a super-ambitious life, is open to resolution.
[Meyerowitz] is alternately wide-ranging and self-indulgent.
It's as if the gifted children of a J.D. Salinger novel all grew up to be crushing disappointments to themselves.
A hard-hitting dramedy about the emotional fireworks set off by anger.
The best Adam Sandler film since 2009's Funny People. Would it be too weird to begin an Oscar campaign?
It's not as cohesive (or corrosive) as Baumbach's best work, but even in second gear no one depicts the tender malice of family better, and the film offers a powerful reminder that Sandler and Stiller are otherwise wasting their careers on crap.
While this episodic film, configured like a short-story collection (think J.D. Salinger's Glass family), is laser-pointer specific, its tensions are universally relatable. And its performances are first-rate.
Noah Baumbach has successfully usurped Woody Allen's title as the greatest living director of New York comedies.
One could accuse Baumbach of repeating himself, but when the writing and directing is this sharp, who cares? The neuroses and contradictions here become relatable to anyone who's had a difficult time listening to or being heard by their family.
The film is a deeply affecting family drama.
You need a big screen to savour these effects as well as these performances, particularly Sandler, who discovers deep pockets of vulnerability in his familiar comic rage, and the aptly-named Marvel, who is one.
With its sharp insights and comic patina, The Meyerowitz Stories gives us the outlines of a family which suffers from a failure to thrive.
... Sandler delivers the standout performance of what is an incredibly well-acted picture.
If you enjoy Baumbach's work, you know what you're getting into-but even by his impressive yardstick, The Meyerowitz Stories is an achievement.
A significant coup for Netflix, sporting a Sandler's best performance since PUNCH-DRUNK LOVE.
This wonderful film made me laugh until I cried.
... [Adam Sandler] returns to show that he is a much more versatile actor than many are willing to admit. [Full review in Spanish]
Funny and full of feeling, if somewhat lukewarm compared to Baumbach's other efforts.
All hail, Dustin Hoffman
It's a balancing act so delicate, you all but hold your breath.
Baumbach is much fonder of his characters these days, and it shows in the layered performances he gets. Sandler and Stiller again show us what subtle comic actors they are once you prise them from the megabuck comic vehicles.
As Baumbach previously demonstrated with Greenberg and Margot at the Wedding, he specialises in stinging, astringent comedy: the kind that seeps into the failures of a character like lemon juice into a cut.
Like they say, love hurts, and in Baumbach's capable hands, you can feel the sting right down to your funny bone.
All hail Adam Sandler...
Baumbach sketches out the intra-family conflicts with aptitude, making sure there's enough lightness to avoid a spiral into the kind of grim and humorless affair the French are fond of, but there's an element of familiarity to the overall narrative arc.
The Meyerowitz Stories isn't Baumbach's sharpest examination of defective family dynamics, but unlike some of his other movies it won't make you want to disown everyone you know.
Adam Sandler holds his own in a lesser Noah Baumbach movie... And?
The Meyerowitz Stories is a sombre tragicomedy about parents and children and about the difficult task of rebuilding family ties when none of their members can find any reason to do so. [Full review in Spanish]
Noah Baumbach succeeds in The Meyerowitz Stories (New and Selected) in fine fashion, delicately balancing serious issues with lighthearted moments - it is a movie that is equally adept at making the audience cry as it is with making them laugh.
... it's a striking portrait of a creative family...
Sandler, in particular, is a revelation.
We enjoy the Meyerowitz clan, even as we praise the heavens we're not like them and we don't live next door to any of 'em.
Baumbach is particularly adept at finding the humour in what could've been tragically sad situations. For all of his characters' flaws, Baumbach is generous, never playing them for caricatures even though it would've been all too easy.
It might call to mind Woody Allen or J.D. Salinger along the way, but in the end, this is pure Baumbach, from its compassionate analysis of broken families to its empathetic insistence that even the most broken can still find redemption.
This funny/angry study of an elderly artist who probably should have just stayed an art teacher and his resentful, middle-aged children is all brainy dialogue, perfectly pitched acting and clever, if sometimes a little too so, squirmy situations.
I loved this movie from the moment it started. Writer-director Noah Baumbach hits many resonant notes in this perceptive screenplay about a dysfunctional family.
A clever, thoughtful, elegantly wistful examination of the organic family's resilience.
One of the year's best movies.
The comedy is clever; the study of family dynamics is sharper still.
A rich drama about parental ties, parental scars and getting on with life.
[The characters] desire more from and want to better themselves. Baumbach seems to want those things for them, too.
This comedy of neurotic manners is so achingly, universally relatable that is feels like a documentary.
Smart, relatable, laughter-through-psychic pain entertainment that happens to be elevated by a handful of wonderful performances ...
The Meyerowitz Stories is the ultimate proof of the acting heights that Sandler can reach, as he embodies the pent-up aggression, frustrations, but indomitable spirit of Danny Meyerowitz in an increasingly rich and inherently hilarious fashion.
All of the film's stars shine, it's beautifully shot, it's in turns hilarious and touching and the literary conceit pays off.
The subtitle to The Meyerowitz Stories both displays and subtly mocks the literary ambitions of Noah Baumbach's thoroughly delightful new movie, which some might call a Squid and the Whale played for laughs.
By turns gorgeously toxic and deliciously feral, the sheer intensity of emotional aggression in this, Noah Baumbach's best feature to date, can be almost overwhelming.
Even the minor characters get their moments to shine, and the cumulative effect of Stories is akin to a rich collection of literary fiction.
Baumbach is a filmmaker finely attuned to the absurdities and neuroses of real life and he deploys disruptive editing techniques here that heighten the comic effect of his characters' myriad rants and meltdowns.
The story is familiar, but much like real-life minor artists, the subtle differences are what make it special. Chief among them are the inspired performances.
If the scenarios in which Baumbach places his actors are a little on the creaky side, the performances are exceptional.
More than most of Baumbach's creations, the Meyerowitzes are just too tedious for words.
There's some tenderness at work here, and for the often mordant Baumbach to write Sandler such a role completely lacking in affectation and pretense is a rare thing.
The Meyerowitz Stories is a movie about unfulfilled potential-but in the end, what matters is the potential. It seems like it'll be too smart to offer something like reconciliation between the characters, yet that's precisely what the movie's after.
Fitfully amusing, overly shrill and preciously titled comedy-drama. Though it definitely overstays its welcome, however, [it] does have one redeeming feature: a delicious performance by Dustin Hoffman.
A deliciously bittersweet family comedy from Noah Baumbach, this is very much a talkie from the Woody Allen school.
Noah Baumbach makes family movies that feel lived in - the kind that banter, bristle and sometimes bleed. Dustin Hoffman, Ben Stiller and a never-better Adam Sandler help make this dramedy one of the unalloyed pleasures of the fall movie season.
The actors make the most of Baumbach's lively script. Hoffman shrewdly resists any sentimental gesture that might redeem Harold, Sandler reminds us he can act when he wants to, and Stiller displays his skill at the comedy of exasperation.
Multiple marquee cameos keep the sparkle quotient high, and the film is genuinely (sometimes squirmingly) funny. No stunning reveals, but filial strife has rarely been better acted.
All the performances are terrific, even when some of the scenes sputter or reiterate the grievances.
The film's whimsicalities and narrative bittiness are offset by the stunning generosity of its visuals.
The film's emotional undercurrent is both tender and insistent. We are as our fathers sculpted us, says "The Meyerowitz Stories," and we spend a lifetime learning to move and breathe on our own.
Sandler lends Danny an open-heartedness that grounds the film.
... a perfect role for Sandler... [Full review in Spanish]
"Meyerowitz" is graced with Baumbach's acute observations of human behavior.
Adam Sandler [has] nailed a few unquestionably great performances-Punch Drunk Love, Funny People-and with Meyerowitz, he adds another, expertly balancing sentimentality and self-loathing.
The Meyerowitz Stories is a happy reminder that, when graced with a fine script and director, an actor can be just as surprising as the character he plays.
Mix mediocre writing with bland neuroses and you get the diet version of a Woody Allen movie.
A solid and satisfying treat.
With this film, Mr. Baumbach has achieved a near-perfect balance between engagement and discomfort.
If Netflix gives us one 'Meyerowitz'-level performance for every bad Adam Sandler movie, then that four-picture deal wasn't a total loss.
There are enough acerbic one-liners for at least two movies, but it's Sandler who supplies the soul. When the zingers land he makes you feel where they hit.
Terrific film about a dysfunctional artistic family that is at once funny, sad and totally credible.
Baumbach's drama of grown-up kids seeking emotional restitution sees Sandler and Stiller at their best. If it feels like familiar turf for the writer-director, the emotions here are rawer than ever.
The tone here is more sweet than bitter, affectionately neurotic and channelling the idea of continued love through fractious bonds.
This is a cunning and frequently hilarious film about exhuming the past and finding no diamond in the rough.
For all its familiar strokes, The Meyerowitz Stories (New And Selected) is one of Baumbach's best.
The Meyerowitz Stories is ultimately Sandler's movie. In the end, the five phrases that are given to the Meyerowitz children are inextricable from each other: love, forgiveness, gratitude, and farewells are tied together in the same way that families are.
Noah Baumbach's latest movie is touching, hilarious, and boisterous.
With plenty of nostalgic music by the one and only Randy Newman, it's easy to get the sense that The Meyerowitz Stories (New and Selected) is also a love letter to a past that's disappearing by the day.
Having such freedom and such an illustrious cast makes The Meyerowitz Stories one of Baumbach's best movies so far.
Here are three generations of New York intellectualism and high-minded artistic aspirations. While that doesn't improve anyone in the clan's health, it can make for a fairly heartwarming and deliriously funny cult.
In what is bar none, his most realized and affecting performance of his career, Stiller lands every note, building up to a moment that will both surprise and move you, possibly to tears.
Adam Sandler and Ben Stiller square off ... it kind of felt like I was watching some weird version of the scene in Heat when De Niro and Pacino finally share a scene together only for mainstream comedy stars.
A deftly-handed ensemble comedy that approaches the likes of Albert Brooks and Elaine May in its blend of the hilarious and heartbreaking.
An occasionally brilliant, bittersweet, Baumbachian exploration of familial torment.
While this feels like familiar territory for Baumbach, he manages to deliver something that feels at least a little fresh, thanks in part to the capabilities of the extraordinary ensemble.
The relentless pace of the dialogue is at times exhausting, and the tone never really varies, yet this is forgiven when, hours after viewing, you find yourself grinning into the ether, remembering standout hoots from a cornucopia of Meyerowitz tales.
Noah Baumbach's film doesn't stop giving us the sensation that it is made for television. [Full review in Spanish]
Baumbach achieves a kindly acid and devastatingly funny movie. [Full review in Spanish]
A light comedy that, unfortunately, progressively loses the freshness shown in its first bars. [Full review in Spanish]
I wouldn't say it's contest material for the most prestigious festival in the world. [Full review in Spanish]
A comedy with a series of tender characters, good actors and a script that can articulate its dramatic pieces. [Full review in Spanish]
A beautiful, fun and mature film that will need to be seen to in more detail. [Full review in Spanish]
In straighter dramatic roles than usual, Stiller and especially the oft-maligned Sandler are superb. And watching Hoffman, 50 years after his film debut in The Graduate, still feels like a masterclass.
We've got Sandler plus Stiller plus Hoffman, and somehow the result is not a comic ham salad; Baumbach and his actors deserve all the credit in the world for keeping the shtickiness to a minimum.
[The Meyerowitz Stories] sees writer/director Noah Baumbach return to his favourite milieu of family misfortunes, though this time with the humour and warmth a little higher in the mix.
The writer-director has found a way to preserve his razor wit while also deepening his humane appreciation for the screwups he unleashes ...
With The Meyerowitz Stories (New And Selected), filmmaker Noah Baumbach writes a new, richly warm variation on a favourite theme: the maddening impossibility of family.
If all this sounds complex, don't worry. Baumbach is nothing if not a careful screenwriter, and he teases out these relationships with grace and, above all, humor.
It is on the lengthy side and sometimes has a sour taste but it boasts one of Dustin Hoffman's best performances in recent years -- and a very poignant one too, a long way from Happy Gilmour-like goofiness, from Adam Sandler.
These are big questions, richly explored, and with any luck, the Netflix deal will mean that Baumbach's drama will find an audience beyond mere art houses.
Hoffman's delicious performance kind of sucks the air from every scene he's in, which is exactly what his character does, but Sandler and Stiller are fine as siblings who are still bearing the scars of [respectively] parental neglect and over-attention.
The Meyerowitz Stories is a tale of a family, like all of our families, that still hasn't quite figured out how to somehow live with each other's deficiencies. But at least they're trying.
Sandler is terrific here, even if you're not sure you can stomach another man-child shuffling around in rumpled shorts.
Frustrated, lonely, and struggling to get over the feeling that he should just accept his brokenness, Danny is a vintage Baumbach man, and Sandler's mustached performances makes the character feel like someone you know, or someone you might be.
Funny at times thanks to the good performances of Adam Sandler, Ben Stiller, Dustin Hoffman and Emma Thompson, but it extends unnecessarily. [Full review in Spanish]
Baumbach, perhaps in his less self-indulgent and more unprejudiced work, succeeds in offering all the edges of dissatisfaction and stupidity with a clarity that overwhelms him as much as it entertains. [Full review in Spanish]
Baumbach's sharp and honest reflection on family matters and the passing of time keenly gauges how reality is sometimes skewed or hidden to fit inside a digestible template. It's his most mature work to date.
Adam Sandler demonstrate that he's a great actor, especially when he doesn't make films of ... Adam Sandler. [Full review in Spanish]
With Noah Baumbach directing, Sandler pulls off a performance as one of the Meyerowitz siblings that gently reveals his character's insecurity and irritation beneath a shroud of laughter.
The film doesn't stint on emotional complexity, but it might be Baumbach's most accessible to date ...
Baumbach is an altogether more generous and insightful filmmaker here than he was the last time he told this story.
There's great energy to this film: quick dialogue, snappy performances and a lived-in feel.
It all ends with a series of speeches that are rambling but humorous and heartfelt - much like the movie itself.
Stiller and Sandler strike a warm and believably awkward brotherly connection.
Noah Baumbach has consistently written and directed intelligent comedies that take an intimate and warm view of dysfunctional families. The Meyerowitz Stories continues that theme and takes it up a notch.
For those who wonder if their relationship with their parents will improve over time, 'The Meyerowtiz Stories' may turn out to be something of an unintentional cathartic release.
Sandler's turn is so good it could kickstart a minor comeback after his years in the wilderness.
It feels lived-in despite its glaringly mannered dialogue and charmingly eccentric characterizations.
An artfully funny and keenly sympathetic piece of work.
It's a comedy which doesn't really have or aspire to any very tragic dimension, but it's touching. The quirks are underpinned by a heartfelt solidity.
Nothing much is new. But the picture is a welcome addition to one of the great contemporary comic oeuvres.
More conventionally conceived than some of [Baumbach's] best work but benefits from sterling turns from a wonderful cast, most notably Dustin Hoffman and, no kidding, Adam Sandler.
While the blood-temperature familiarity feels comfy, there is still the nagging sense that we're just passing the time here, in a world that doesn't resemble real life as much as it resembles other movies we've been fond of before.

@highlight

The Meyerowitz Stories (New and Selected) observes the family dynamic through writer-director Noah Baumbach's bittersweet lens and the impressive efforts of a remarkable cast.