Oscar-nominated former child star [Saoirse] Ronan is a reason enough to see any film.
Based on the YA novel by Meg Rosoff, How I Live Now finds itself hindered by its source material, even as it seeks to surpass it.
Saoirse Ronan supplies what the screenwriters do not
Lush and bewilderingly rich with portent and moment, Kevin Macdonald's gently wrought apocalyptic-pop teen romance takes place in a deadly near future in the English countryside far from the center of modern war.
How I Live Now is likely to appeal to both teens and older viewers, and it thankfully doesn't blindly follow formulas, but allows itself to drift and flow.
On the outside, How I Live Now looks like a mess. Part Tomorrow When the War Began, part The Shining, part 28 Days Later, it's a hodgepodge of concepts that don't completely gel. So it's weird that the film is actually quite good.
I did not believe what was happening. I didn't particularly like the performances.
Not having read the book on which this impressive film is based I was completely unprepared for the way the narrative developed.
It's easy to see what the filmmakers were going for: a story of young love and survival during wartime, but there are far too many holes in this story and a lack of essential ingredients to make it work.
[A]rguably delves into country matters more deeply than any precursor in cinema.
The target audience probably won't worry much about whether there's a more effective way to split the difference between world's-end anxiety and the possibly greater tumult of adolescent love.
The strength of How I Live Now is its refreshingly stripped back aesthetic, committed performances from its young cast, and a screenplay that doesn't sugar-coat its horrors or the way teenagers interact.
This latest from director Kevin Macdonald (of pics like The Last King Of Scotland and State Of Play) is drawn from a 'young adult' novel by Meg Rosoff but, surprisingly, proves rather more adult than expected.
"...a harrowing anti-war movie that's only a bit relieved by a bittersweet love story."
How I Live Now could have been called 'Tomorrow When The War Began in rural England and my cousins and I decided to live a hippy rural existence until sh*t got real'; but that would have been far too literal.
The film's well-judged moments of horror and violence are charged with terror and moral abandon, perfect counterpoints to the safety and security Daisy (Saoirse Ronan) is seeking for herself and her petrified little cousin.
Macdonald commendably refuses to soften the blow in a couple of unforgettable scenes - setting this teen epic bravely apart from its peers.
...it is, for the most part, impossible to develop any real interest in the various characters' exploits.
Ronan's spectacular star turn makes the pro forma young adult love story plotting intimately, painfully real.
Despite some strong performances, the script's disparate ideas don't jell emotionally.
Doesn't really need a war ordeal to embellish it. Daisy herself should be story enough.
Kevin Macdonald doesn't make "horror movies," yet the director can conjure screen moments that are perfectly paralyzing without the aid of a serrated blade, hatchet, chainsaw, ice pick or even the trusted rusty pair of scissors.
Refreshingly free of digital apocalyptics and unnervingly prone to random violence.
Unlike in a horror movie, dead bodies are something to mourn, not to ogle, and the mood is tense and melancholy -- more World War II (there's talk of rationing) than science-fiction Armageddon.
There's not enough real transition on the part of Daisy, despite the work Ronan puts in, but that's not enough to make this end-of-the-world movie the end of the world.
How I Live Now centres on what happens to a group of young people when civilization begins to crumble. But it's also a poignant love story, a compelling, against-all-odds one at that.
"How I Live Now" makes World War III seem boring, which would hardly seem possible.
'How I Live Now' deserves credit for getting pretty close to the brink (and for including actual sex and lots of swearing).
There's a clear message here: Sometimes it takes extraordinary circumstances to realize it, but we all have the capacity to shed our petty concerns and focus on the greater good.
Don't be put off by the ridiculous R rating. This is definitely a film to be shared with your teens and preteens. Think of it as a warm up to the next installment of 'The Hunger Games.'
The story offers an intriguing and unique angle on a classic YA theme.
One hell of a downer - you'd want to slit your wrists!
Imagine if Michael Haneke's Time of the Wolf had been penned by Stephanie Meyer and you'll get an inkling of what How I Live Now is attempting to pull off.
How I Live Now offers adolescents a lovely vision of holistic healing in the same countryside.
With jarring tonal shifts between a teen romance and a bleak wartime drama, How I Live Now is an off-kilter, morally problematic film that a great young cast cannot save.
There's a lot left unsaid in How I Live Now - but it's unsaid with unusual force.
It's all a little overwrought to be honest, with Macdonald unable to effectively modulate the movie's mood swings.
This adaptation of Meg Rosoff's young adult novel hasn't much to recommend it except the presence of Saoirse Ronan in the leading role.
A slimmed down dystopian world at its most bucolic. No arcane rules or a mishmash of ideology here, but a survival tale meets hot-and-heavy first love, with a punkish swagger.
"How I Live Now" is uncomfortably easy to believe.
How I Live Now manages to fuse a teen love story, steeped in alienation and hurt, with a near-future nightmare thriller.
Just because virtually any story can be told through the eyes of a solipsistic teen girl doesn't mean that it should be.
For much of its running time the movie is grab-you-by-the-back-of-the-neck immediate; in its last third particularly, the bite-your-lip moments of suspense and tension mount to the extent that you may well draw blood.
There's nothing in the character, or Ronan's performance, to draw you in. She enters the film like a junior-grade Lindsay Lohan - all hard eyes and dyed hair and proactive disapproval - and bores almost immediately.
As Daisy's conflicts become more typical of the genre (which was especially crowded this summer), there aren't any new insights to unearth.
Instead of showing Daisy and Eddie falling for each other through genuine interaction, we just get lots of montages of them giving googly eyes at one another. It just didn't fit with the raw nature of the film's tone.
Mr. Macdonald struggles to balance a nebulous narrative on tentpole moments of rich emotional resonance.
"How I Live Now" is a showcase for Ronan to prove that she's capable of more than pristine, angelic roles.
The production feels tentative and underpopulated: I thought not only of Katniss Everdeen but of the marvelous pandemonium in Danny Boyle's zombie epic "28 Days Later."
The title, "How I Live Now," suggests a certain distance, and that's rigorously maintained in the movie.
This near-end-of-the-world movie for teenagers, set mostly in the English countryside, is too vague and shaky for its own good, but it generates a haunting ambiance and develops a cumulative power.
As Macdonald deftly presents a subjective viewpoint, Ronan endows her overly schematic character with authentic desire, resentment and willfulness.
The actors and director Kevin Macdonald create moments that are charged with reckless passion.
It's breathtaking how many tones and themes are skillfully juggled in "How I Live Now."
...more informed by history than world-ending nightmares.
I'm not sure whom this movie's for, really.
As Daisy's situation worsens, she becomes progressively less clear, specific, and interesting as a character, and flattens into a generic striver, except when she's being nasty.
A frosty-eyed, imperturbable actress in "Atonement," "Hanna" and "The Host," Ronan is at least able to sell Daisy's new focus while the movie loses its own.
Death creeps into the movie, like an invisible wave of radiation from a detonated nuke, and some of the imagery owes more to Cormac McCarthy than to Stephenie Meyer.
It falls to Irish actress Saoirse Ronan to carry the burden of family reclamation in a post-nuclear age...For the most part, she manages.
Eddie's touch of supernatural ability ultimately proves pointless, leaving Ronan's highly watchable, empathetic performance to carry us through a sloggy nightmare fraught with a mixture of mild suspense and plodding inanition.
The key objective here is not political coherence but a heavy sense of adult oppression and doom to make the heroes' innocent cuddling more poignant.
Mark this one as a clinker.
It's tough to forget Saoirse Ronan's three 2013 stinkers for long during How I Live Now.
There's no glory in this war, just shocking and horrifying deaths, and survivors damaged by experiences they can't even articulate.
Ronan's impressive performance helps carry this gripping post-apocalyptic drama.
In a movie without adults, the children are spontaneous and natural. And Ms. Ronan is captivating throughout.
No matter how cheesy the romance (and, yes, it does get distractingly cheesy in parts), Daisy's vision as Edmond as the key to her salvation makes "How I Live Now" not so much a form of escapism as an ode to its powers.
Wearing its YA credentials with a darkly romantic flourish, this uneven adaptation of Meg Rosoff's apocalyptic 2004 novel gets serious in a hurry, much like its characters.
The film is a fine one, moving and surprising and scraped of most of the love-me! fantasy that typifies formulaic YA.
Not a great picture, but a curious and curiously involving one.
There are a few effectively disquieting sequences early on, but the film never recovers from director Kevin Macdonald's indifferent staging of a pivotal moment.
OK, but too brief and too front-loaded to really engage the viewer.
Isn't a mess, but it's indirect, irritatingly so, wasting a tempting premise on half-baked emotions and aimless moments of distress that should be far more penetrating than they actually are.
It has an exceptionally skilled filmmaker at the helm, plus three of the finest young actors working at the moment. So it's a strongly involving odyssey.
Saoirse Ronan makes the story work. And she let's us believe in Daisy's serial transformations, from sullen teenager to dreamy lover and, ultimately, fierce and resourceful survivor.
Stultifyingly unambitious.
An uncertain affair, powerfully played and sporadically affecting, but lacking the singular clarity of vision that becomes Daisy's survivalist mantra.
How scary this film is will depend on your age, cinematic experience and self-confidence of the precarious world we live in.
Based on the prizewinning novel by Meg Rosoff, How I Live Now is impeccably crafted with some beautiful cinematography from Franz Lustig and tender direction from Kevin Macdonald.
Packed with integrity but not likely cash cow franchise potential, How I Live Now is a refreshing miss-hit more interested in challenging than indulging its audience.
A singularly odd, consistently bewitching piece of work.
Meg Rosoff's young adult novel about a teenager struggling to survive in the aftermath of nuclear war was a big hit with readers, but here director Kevin Macdonald mishandles it.
I enjoyed the post-apocalyptic anxiety, a bit like Survivors on 70s TV: a world of farmhouses, Land Rovers and underground bunkers.
The harsh beauty of the English countryside shines through in Kevin Macdonald's harrowing teen survival yarn.
Watchable teen survival drama enlivened by a strong central performance from Saoirse Ronan and a handful of chilling visuals, but the central romance falls flat and the third act feels anti-climactic.
All England is here: a blend ... of dark with light, of the eternal-pastoral with tense and tactile forebodings of an unwritten future.
Remarkably bleak for a teen movie, this drama keeps us gripped as it throws its characters into an odyssey that's seriously harrowing.
An Arab Spring-y allegory with kissing cousins and a divine countryside setting, Kevin Macdonald's fourth narrative film is an awkward oddity, as uncomfortable in its own skin as its protagonist.
Macdonald's film may operate within the same genre as past releases like Tomorrow, When The War Began and Red Dawn but it's more intelligent and a lot darker than those films.
There's not really enough here to get teenage girls totes emosh. Not enough to sigh and swoon over.
There's little sense of urgency because Daisy's mission is tough to invest in.
Macdonald's film is a noble stab at bringing Meg Rosoff's YA novel to the screen, which sees Ronan in typically watchable form.
Weird, weird, weird.
Daisy, urban, punky and sulky before she turns native, is played by 19-year-old Saoirse Ronan - and she's brilliantly watchable
How I Live Now may be too mild-mannered to stand up against the recent spate of post-Apocalyptic movies, but its relish for love in the face of adversity ultimately sets it apart and makes it something of a tender charmer of a film.
Held together by a forceful performance from Saoirse Ronan, director Kevin Macdonald's adaptation of Meg Rosoff's novel makes up in emotional immediacy what it lacks in broad dramatic sweep.
...Macdonald's signature intensity, combined with another sneak attack performance from Saoirse Ronan, assembles a thrilling genre entry that stands firmly alongside its contemporaries in terms of quality.
Proof there can still be boring stories during extraordinary times.
There's a lack of imagination at play - it's OK if a broken society looks drab, but it shouldn't look boring.
Ronan is almost always worth watching, but not especially in this drippy outing, in which she morphs from sullen teen brat to can-do wilderness heroine under the influence of an attractive red-headed hawk trainer.
This dystopian coming-of-age tale is an exciting--and occasionally brutal--depiction of war, familial connection and the harsh realities of growing up too soon.

@highlight

Led by another strong performance from Saoirse Ronan and a screenplay that subverts YA clichés, How I Live Now blends young love with post-apocalyptic drama.