...tries to find the common chord that ties together guitarists of different genres and generations but quickly goes flat and is ultimately a discordant mess.
Though slickly made, the film nicks through the varnish of celebrity to get these guys fully in touch with their inner music geek (which, honestly, is not that far under the surface).
What a great structural concept for a music documentary!
Turn up the volume.
there are some lovely moments in the film simply due to the high profile reputations of the three musicians
Guggenheim's depictions of his subjects' artistic development will strike universal chords in anyone who finds meaning in creativity.
Watching this film, we are utterly gripped as we hear the stories of three rock guitar legends and then see them interacting with each other. Yet while there's never a dull moment, the film still feels a bit random.
The mood's too good-spirited, and in that there are great pleasures - not least the sound-of-mind thinking of three rockers putting paid to the tired cliché of burbling rock gods trapped in their own shadows.
The film might have benefited from a trim and a more linear approach, but mostly it fulfils its role as an illuminating homage to both the protagonists involved and, above all, the guitar as popular music's most timeless icon.
For guitar freaks and fans of these guys, the film gives you a unique chance to hang out with some real guitar heroes.
A bizarre follow-up to the fifth biggest cinema documentary of all time, and one that's as testing on the patience as a 10-minute guitar solo with extra tremolo.
It's artfully assembled in an unflashy manner.
It's never less than a compelling watch as the trio of turbo-charged troubadours swap anecdotes.
Guggenheim's attempts to inject some drama hit a bum note while the climactic summit between the three axe gods is let down by a lack of chemistry, resulting in more of a cheerful jam than a headline act.
Fellow players and aspiring rock gods will thrill at the scenes of the trio jamming together, but Guggenheim's film never takes an insular "muso" view and has plenty to offer the lay person.
If you're a fan of any of their bands, rock music or the electric guitar, you'll find a lot to love here.
Even for me, a rock illiterate, this is interesting.
The film gets up close and personal, proving that each is a musician first and a rock 'n' roll star afterwards.
The film seems a bit too in thrall to U2, which means far too much time is devoted to The Edge at the expense of watching Page fire through some of his thunderous Led Zeppelin riffs.
The personal stories are informative, interesting and nicely illustrated but the central meeting between the three men lacks both passion and personality.
Academically picking apart artistic processes tends to pull all passion out of the pursuit. However, "Loud" evenhandedly showcases three musicians striving and struggling as much to expand a signature sound as they did when it was initially inked.
Yes, this is the sort of stuff that makes rock fans absolutely geek out. But Guggenheim's relaxed approach does allow us to get past the guitar-god mystique and show us three fellow tradesmen in love with their craft.
...a sweet little ride, a little glimpse into the spooky stuff inside.
For once a film's tagline strikes the right note. ''It might not affect the way you play guitar, but it will change how you listen.''
By delving into their backgrounds and character quirks, Guggenheim aims the film beyond the interests of purists, academics, fans and musicians to provide an adventure film exploring the heart of creativity.
A must-see for axe players, the movie is not terribly concerned with history. Still, its design is smarter than you realise.
It cannot be said that any member of this trio is the most gifted conversationalist known to man. In fact, once pleasantries are out of the way, they barely have anything of note to say to one another.
A God-like experience for the rock music fan, this documentary contains both amazing music and insight.
The real gold lies in the separate, personal journeys of Messrs Edge, Page and White, explored in their own vastly different locales.
It might not snag Davis Guggenheim another Oscar, but his It Might Get Loud proves that Jimmy Page, The Edge and Jack White make for livelier viewing than Al Gore.
Music lovers will find a lot to like in It Might Get Loud, and musicians will positively love it.
...(W)e except a sonic summit of Olympian proportions. What we get instead are three slight biographies followed by sequences that merely suggest what such a coming together could actually achieve.
A celebration of philosophical and artistic conflict in which passion leads to inspiration instead of prejudice or judgment, and principles are ingrained.
A sense of sweeping admiration overpowers the film's audience and turns us all into silly, unapologetic, screaming fans.
Listening to rock gods speak about their music isn't nearly as enjoyable as listening to them play it.
Watch the little admiring smiles that creep onto the faces of The Edge and White as Page turns his Les Paul to 11 and starts blasting out the riff from "Whole Lotta Love." They're big rock stars, but all of a sudden they're 14 again.
Extremely relaxed and unfailingly entertaining...
Dare you not to smile.
Required viewing for guitar enthusiasts, and a pleasant diversion for everyone else.
Guitar heroes, real or imaginary, will think they've died and gone to heaven.
The trouble is, once you get past the historical information and chummy interviews, you have to put up with the inevitable risk of any ad-hoc jam session: It Might Get Boring.
If Guggenheim had let it play as is, without splicing in choppy life-story filler, then it might have been a rock doc for the ages.
Davis Guggenheim's contrived documentary is a largely unrewarding essay on the mystique of the ubiquitous electric guitar...
The sloppiness is almost in keeping with the experimental styles of guitar playing that are featured in the movie. A few bits of brilliance shine through the messier moments.
Rock fans and Guitar Heroes in the making will get a charge out of visiting where the happy accidents that put guitars into each man's hand happened. And the playing isn't bad, either. Loud. But good.
For guitar geeks, the sight of Page, Edge and White together in one room will be enough. Others, however, can't help but wish it might have gotten a little louder.
Somehow we got two rockin' documentaries about air guitar and even one about the electric car before we got a solid movie about the life of the electric guitar.
It Might Get Loud is never dry, never too technical, boasts fantastic concert footage -- and the soundtrack is killer.
It really should be about the music, not the talk.
Guitar god? Check. Sex god? Absolutely. Jimmy Page effortlessly exudes sex - at 65.
It does make you want to pull out some old records and listen with a new appreciation for certain sounds you once might have taken for granted.
You'll never see a more tactile expression of the intimacy between artists and their instruments than in Davis Guggenheim's elating It Might Get Loud.
The film's very title is a tease, however: It never gets all that loud, and you might doze off after 30 minutes of watching this unwieldy power trio.
...isn't just some vanity piece for boomer rock fans...It asks how music gets made, and occasionally why.
A spectacular valentine to the gale force rush of music appreciation. Loud is contagious fun, informative and inspirational. Multiply the bliss by 1000 if you happen to be a fan of any of these men.
[A] sideways glance at the electric guitar by way of profiling three generations of guitarists: Jack White of The White Stripes, the Edge of U2, and Jimmy Page of Led Zeppelin.
While that sounds like a fantasy for rock aficionados, the scenes lack dramatic tension or cinematic enlightenment. It just kind of happens, and then the all-star jam fades to black, leaving few remnants of the filmmakers' initial intentions.
The multigenerational threesome gathers in a spacious but cluttered studio to swap riffs, war stories, tips and inspirations.
Davis Guggenheim's documentary hints at high concept but doesn't follow through. Still, it entertains, in a messy, flailing way.
It goes to 11.
Depicts wood, lacquer and hardware the way Hugh Hefner depicts Miss September. Guitar nuts will be turned on, but everyone else will have a good time, too.
Rockers out there, it's time to turn off Guitar Hero and turn on to the heroes of guitar in It Might Get Loud, a six-string "summit" featuring virtuosos of the '60s, '80s, and aughts.
Isn't likely to snag Guggenheim another Oscar, but it's interesting enough, even for non-fanatics.
No self-respecting Led Zeppelin fan could hate a movie that contains extended interviews with Jimmy Page. But that can't change the fact that It Might Get Loud is an empty exercise.
Why isn't the film better? Guggenheim doesn't seem to have prodded his subjects in any interesting directions.
Getting inside any creative process is fascinating and these three prove surprisingly articulate and candid in discussing their craft and their love of what they are doing.
It's as enchanting to watch them listening to each other as it is for us to listen to all three.
This is not a history of rock 'n' roll guitar. It's a movie-fantasy version of the "favorite music" section on Guggenheim's Facebook page.
Taps into the simultaneously deliberate and accidental occurrence of creativity and success, and a song's path from the brain to the fingers to the ears to the stadium.
Although talking shop and trading solos form the centerpiece of the film, Guggenheim does a fine job of weaving a narrative out of the three men's life stories.
Each man has his own distinctive style, and yet when they jam together it sounds like the most natural thing in the world.
Does this sound like rock heaven? It is.
...a must for the rock music fan, especially you guitarists out there.
A real-life version of Guitar Hero that explores the electric instrument through a trio of trailblazers. Engaging, but perhaps could have used a bit more forced conversation and intellectual grappling about the beautiful mystery of creativity.
It Might Get Loud stands as an effective primer into the world of rock 'n' roll that holds plenty of appeal for hardcore fans and neophytes alike.
Has stylish cinematography, terrific sound editing and other solid production values, but it suffers from excessive style over substance...It leaves you feeling unenlightened and, ultimately, undewhelmed.
This movie has no raison d'être. The disjointed editing and shallow interviewing doesn't tell enough about any of the three to learn what makes them tick.
A movie that's a gift for anyone who's ever been a fan of Led Zeppelin, U2, The White Stripes or music in general.
I apologize this is more a mash note than critical analysis.
What Guggenheim really does is make the case that each man deserves his own movie; this one feels like an especially well-produced VH1 special.
For rock fans, hearing many Led Zeppelin and U2 classics on a theater sound system is worth the price of a ticket.
Even longtime music fans are bound to pick up a fresh fact or two. But if you really want to enjoy this music, close your door, crank up a CD and whip out that air guitar.
The film culminates as the three finally come together on an empty soundstage in Hollywood for a conversation and a raucous jam session that is remarkable for its intimacy and its passion.
[A] meeting of musical minds that should thrill lovers of rock music, allowing this movie to easily fit on the shelf along with the rest of their records and CDs.
It's a pleasure to watch these men perform. These are real-life guitar heroes. But it would have been a treat to see more of them talking shop.
For rock geeks of any age or taste, the lore in this documentary will be catnip.
For those who play the instrument, watch this film and learn something about the guitar. As for the rest%u2014listen to the CDs.
The film is a nice chronicle of each guitarist's rise to fame, but the much touted jam summit itself is the disappointing part, lackluster enough to function mostly as mortar between the bricks.
[O]nly occasionally turns the volume up beyond fanboy adulation. . [and] the guitar gods never get off their thrones.
Guggenheim weaves the 3 stories around and through each other in perfect counterpoint. He virtually disappears into the eye of the camera, allowing us to take it all in from the best seats in the house.
There is an electricity to their talk that is beyond captivating, and when they finally do pick up their instruments and start to play goodness knows the roof gets blown off the theater and then some.
In its finest moments, we are reminded that true musicianship is not just about playing music, but adoring it; it's only then that, as White says, you can become a member of "that family of storytellers." This is a love letter to that family, and from it.
As we get to know each of these three guitar gods, what impresses isn't what draws them together, but what separates them. As such, the central conceit of having the three meet doesn't really work...
entertaining, celebratory, and slightly defanged.
The resulting jam session ought to be a music geek's wet dream, but there isn't enough common ground to produce more than a few flashes of inspiration.
It Might Get Loud is a marvelous rock doc that manages to be wistful, tasty, and jam-kicking at the same time.
Fortunately, only a third of the film is devoted to Jack White. It's not enough to spoil the pleasures of this rocking little treasure of a movie.
Marketed as a guitar summit between The Edge, Jimmy Page, and Jack White, Davis Guggenheim's affectionate, intermittently insightful behind-the-music doc is more electric triptych than meeting of the minds.
Nearly two hours of yackety-yak is less expressive than one image of White's hand bleeding from the intensity of pressing his guitar strings during a mad improvisation.
I was wowed by the unprecedented access to these men and the unconventional take on them as musicians.
"It Might Get Loud" is a compact music documentary that could serve as a great stepping off point for a cable television series, ala the Sundance channel's "Iconoclasts."
Mortals will tremble as guitar gods assemble for this remarkable rock 'n roll film.
A rock-doc that celebrates the instrument without overly fretting (as it were) about the hardware.
It Might Get Loud doesn't really offer enough comparative analysis to lead to a fully educated guess about why such passionate players are so awkward and reserved with each other when given a chance to measure their skills against the best.
Should cast a spell even in a tone-deaf theatrical marketplace.
...an intriguing (yet entirely forgettable) documentary...







@highlight

An affectionate tribute to rock's most distinctive instrument, It Might Get Loud is insightful and musically satisfying.