You can't help wondering as you watch Fury how long our double-minded American culture will be capable of producing leaders like Sgt. Don Collier. And what will become of us when it isn't?
Oh God, this is a clumping, silly, unsophisticated film, and oh God, I quite loved it.
The narcissism is evident in every gesture he makes, in every line he delivers. Like the movie itself, whose contradictions conceal a fairly simple agenda for this stability-hungry era, Brad Pitt tries to present himself here as a model of masculinity.
... Ayer returns to dogmatism and does not hesitate to put out some doses of sentimentality... [Full review in Spanish]
Fury is unflinching in its depiction of war from the get-go to the point of being unsettling.
All of this was worth it when we finally got to see some tank against tank or tank against a full army action. The climax of the movie will be counted as one of the best war scenes in recent times
Being an [David] Ayer film, we are going to witness all the grit and gristle that warfare allows.
But right now, today, Fury adds to our culture of violence without adding much light to anything. We already know that war is hell.
Fury, the true feel-bad film of the year packs a whole lot of style but, as seems to be David Ayer's M.O., it lacks substance.
[Pitt] delivers an Oscar-worthy performance in the central role and while attempts to mix the populist and the profound don't always work, it remains a captivating piece.
Fury is a well crafted, incredibly taut war film, one that sets aside the Great Man Theory of war and instead focuses on war-fighting men.
Yes war is hell (again), but Fury manages to its own special kind of hell. One hell of a tank movie it is too.
A beautifully brutal work that pulls zero punches, gives zero damns, and willfully mucks around in the muddy moral waters that comprise war.
Fury's violent decapitations and exploding torsos feel exploitative or, worse, uninteresting, because the film never quite earns the dramatic stakes it strives for.
Even though Ayer doesn't carry through with his threat to demolish the Hollywood-fuelled myth that American soldiers occasionally behave badly on the battlefield, at least he does selectively deploy his scalpel.
Ayer is like Sam Peckinpah without the self-loathing, or the poetry.
A gut-wrenching look at the depressing and vicious ramifications of war.
Unexceptional in repeating what has already been done often and often better, 'Fury' is salvaged by some of the visually most intense narrative combat footage ever.
What are you going for here, David Ayer? Authenticity, or a glorification of war? In "Apocalypse Now" we marveled at Marlon Brando's character, but was he a hero? I don't think so.
David Ayer's Fury has a great look and a talented ensemble, but unfortunately character development and substance are placed on the backburner in favor of a film that is nothing more than a series of loud and monotonous tank battles.
Fury isn't like many war films, but it speaks volumes.
An impressively solid World War II movie of the kind they don't make anymore.
While these orgies of violence are staged with tense, gruesome precision, they don't convey much beyond what we already know. Namely, that war is hell. Message received.
Pitt, who at 50 still looks great with his shirt off, has the gruff charisma to play a dauntless soldier with killer courage and a vestigial streak of humanity.
It's an "unflinching" account of war -- "unflinching," in quotes, because every moment of the film is composed to grind your face into the muck and be proud of itself for doing so.
The cast is uniformly fine even if some of them do fit too simply into the roles of soldiers hardened by war, but it's Lerman and LaBeouf that stand out.
Pitt is at the top of his game, playing a man who has forgotten whatever he used to be and has wholly embraced his role in this war.
Led by Pitt, who sublimates his persona so deeply into Wardaddy that you can forget about his movie star baggage, the cast is exceptional.
Fury is a problematic film, but it's also undeniably entertaining, with some ghostly images that are too often obliterated by cannon fire.
Fury feels like a swaggering corrective to the old-fashioned pleasures of George Clooney's recent The Monuments Men. I liked Clooney's film, but a lot of people didn't; they're welcome to embrace this instead.
...what's best about the film are the incidentals - the details that seem both off-hand and drawn from life. The bride int he wedding dress among the refugees, the flattened bodies the tanks roll mindlessly over.
A war movie without frills featuring typical characters of the genre.
Part "Das Boat" with a bit of "Platoon" tossed in for good measure
...Fury generally comes off as a far more engaging and entertaining endeavor than one might've expected...
At its best, the movie works as a love letter to camaraderie-by-combat.
Like other war films, Fury covers the familiar themes of heroism, comradery and brutality. It's also tapping into our love of underdog stories.
Ayer's and his ensemble in Fury cast men in World War Two, the last 'good' war, in a ghastly light.
Ayer's overlong, 134-minute screenplay never pops with any urgency, passion, or fire.
Ayers wants it both ways, arguing war makes monsters out of men but that his subject is in essence better than the others for reasons he cannot explain - and which, amid the thunder, roar and stink of the battle field, no longer seem relevant.
A throwback combat movie that offers tanks for the memories, along with vivid performances.
... has plenty of characters sacrificing themselves for the cause. But on the script level, it too often sacrifices substance in favor of spectacle.
Far from being just a celebration of American blood-and-guts warfare against a clearly evil enemy, Fury gives us real glimpses into the heart of darkness
My emotions were deeply touched, particularly as a reminder that those we ask to go to war deserve our gratitude and respect.
FURY is a grim, violent and uncompromising WW2 flick told from the perspective of an American tank crew.
It may be the most capably directed of Ayer's five feature films, and has a shuddering physicality, but it's also the most predictable.
Besides big gun Brad Pitt, the distinguishing feature here is the metal -- the clang and thunder of tank warfare: the power of it as a weapon, the sheer terror of it as a target.
If you want the quick sell, rest assured Fury is a grisly WW2 flick with a seeming unquenchable appetite for destruction. But there's a little more to Fury than the quick sell would imply.
In the end, Fury is a war movie as much as an anti-war movie, and a damned fine one.
This film is one World War II movie with an emphasis on the horrors of war and which minimizes the heroic aspects of being a soldier. In this film, war really is hell.
It's exactly the kind of genre movie that feels right for a country that's been at war for more than a decade.
It simultaneously questions and reinforces ideas about martyrdom and heroism, and ultimately makes the case for the idea that there never have been any good wars, not even the ones we liked.
It's not all about shock for the audience, though -- it's about character development, and that's why it works so well.
"Fury" is one of the better war films and surely one of the best of modern times.
It doesn't compel us with the minutiae of the five-man tank operation, and instead is more interested in the symbolism of an armored machine ushering in a new era of brutality.
It's somewhat refreshing to ride along in the tank named Fury ... (but) as the clichés start to pile up like dead Nazis, this tank runs out of gas.
Undeniably stirring stuff ...
The scenes of combat have a grim authenticity but the story is pure guys-on-a-mission baloney.
It's long, boring, and has unconvincing stock characters in place of people.
A dark, claustrophobic and foreboding depiction of how the "greatest generation" not only fought against the evil of Nazism, but also the monster within themselves.
[It looks] like a piece of unsubtle propaganda, no matter how much mud it's caked in.
These appalling scenes aren't just memorably staged - also is their sense that as a species we might never be warm or clean again; that we are irrevocably smeared in leaf-mulch.
For the most part, Fury is a grittily realistic, punishing, often compelling film about the realities of war and what it can do to the souls of ordinary men...The only real letdown is the finale.
If you're considering seeing Fury but you're reluctant because you don't want to watch a "tank movie", don't worry, because it isn't.
Fury is about the sheer hell of war and the knowledge that every moment could be your last.
Fury is a thoroughly contradictory affair. It is an anti-war film that also wants to be an action thriller.
Those of us expecting the intelligent character development of Band of Brothers, The Pacific and even Saving Private Ryan will find this to be little more than a display of five archetypes in a tin can.
I thought Brad Pitt carried that character's sorrow really, really well.
World War II is a distant memory now, and David Ayer's feature doesn't have anything very new to add to the movies set during that awful period.
There are explosions lighting the night sky, but otherwise it illuminates nothing. I couldn't even figure out what it might be trying to illuminate, or even if it was trying to illuminate anything at all.
Fury is proof that a film can be technically accurate and dramatically bogus, well made but also not much cop.
In modern parlance, all that can be said of Fury is that it is what is: a brutally basic war picture.
Fun? Hardly. Forgettable? Absolutely not.
Ayer makes a stab at spinning the cliches here and there, and largely succeeds in taking a contemporary approach to old material.
Tanks for the memories.
Essentially a very old-fashioned war movie -- but one tricked out with post-"Saving Private Ryan" gore. That may or may not be a bad thing.
A superior war film that doesn't shirk from sudden, shocking violence but still doesn't overplay its hand when it comes to man's inhumanity to man.
It's a film disturbingly unconcerned by psychology or battle scars but celebrating how many kills a single tank crew can score for their country.
Little of the dramatic material is convincing, in part because Pitt retains a kind of preening inwardness far removed from the matter-of-fact authority associated with, say, Lee Marvin.
For Ayer, there's no romance in warfare, only endless brutality, and Fury is deeply immersed in a visceral realm of blood, piss, and vomit.
Fury is the first picture that, to my knowledge, has been designed to convey the experience of warfare itself rather than simply to tell a war story. The film literally has no plot. Do the experiences of real-life soldiers have plots?
The actors aren't given much room to explore their characters. But what we do get is lots of authentic-looking and thrillingly staged battle scenes.
It's War! Only two scenes appear hopeful, but very strong performances
Familiar and overly grim but overall decent war flick.
A reminder that World War II was a hellhole, no matter how great the Andrew Sisters were.
The film's impact is partly explained by the heavy artillery aimed at our sensibilities, not just our eardrums, and the almost careless narrative, which only glues together in the final, extended, extraordinary sequence
David Ayer's film succeeds in creating a claustrophobic mood, prising us into the Sherman tank in 1945 Germany with its melting pot of tension and mix of personalities
Built like a tank, a carefully constructed WWII film that slowly rumbles toward greatness while not quite getting there.
With its 'Greatest Generation' context, 'Fury' offers a way for Ayer to legitimize his signature carnage and to reach audiences unsympathetic to stories of drug dealers and other urban perps, but the effort feels somewhat presumptuous...
A particularly ugly iteration of 'war is hell'... and I mean that as a compliment. This is a film that is deeply unpleasant and near genius.
"Fury" is literally visceral-a kind of war horror film, which is, of course, what good combat films should be.
No doubt writer-director David Ayer went to painstaking lengths in re-creating details of the period: But his ambitious efforts will just leave audiences feeling battle-fatigued.
Fury pivots around a pleasing simplicity. Good guys do good. Nazis get shot. A proper film, in other words. Did we mention Fury has a tank?
There's a lot here that is familiar, and not just to those who have spent a few Saturday afternoons watching Sam Peckinpah war pictures.
There's nothing in Fury that needs 135 minutes of screentime, with a leaner, more concise version of the picture perfectly able to generate the road show of doom the helmer is practically tattooing on the viewer.
A persuasive, warts-and-bolts depiction of warfare from the guts of a tank yoked to an overwrought, sub-Private Ryan account of innocence under fire - so a hit and a miss.
This is an intense movie, with taut, expertly depicted tank battles and a believable sense of camaraderie among the characters.
Not since 'Saving Private Ryan' has there been a WWII picture as barbaric and brutal...
An engrossing multi-character study of tank soldiers being fleeced of their humanity, one slain Nazi at a time.
Fury succeeds in what it sets out to do - convince you that heroism is born out of horror.
Ayer's long-awaited World War 2 saga earns its stripes the old-fashioned way -- with plenty of blood and guts ... Pitt, baring both battle scars and killer pecs, has his best (read most grim) character role to date.
About as unsentimental a war movie as has ever barreled across the movie screen.
An unwavering, barbaric picture that depicts both the futility of war with the brutality of it, in a bold, intrepid manner.
Wardaddy's gradual acceptance of what he is darkly mirrors George C. Scott's "God help me I do love it so," but there's no celebration of the warrior ideal here.
Successfully subbing Brad Pitt for the heroic soldier role John Wayne would have played in the 1940s & 1950s.
In a sense, it succeeds too well in conjuring its own subject matter: heavy, mechanical, claustrophobic, and unrelenting.
It's hard to comprehend how a movie could have been so well made with so many realistic scenes of the brutality and hopelessness of war, and then throw in an ending that is almost straight out of the Hollywood playbook.
A character study masked as a gruesome war drama, in the hands of director David Ayer and his End of Watch cinematographer Roman Vasyanov, Fury is operatic in scope.
Brad Pitt takes Europe away from the Nazis again.
...the film's real power comes from the ugly way it inverts more traditional modern war-film narratives, particularly with its examinations of mercy.
Charmingly old-school FDR-Democrat foxhole-buddy Americana: Citizens from all walks of life facing a common enemy and working together - a touchingly old-fashioned notion.)
The battle sequences are intense, sometimes brutal - an alarming recreation of the hellishness of war.
Fury works on an action level in a big way. Its human element is even better. The film is a powerhouse.
Pitt delivers one of his most satisfying, no-nonsense performances as the grizzled tank commander, Sgt. Don "Wardaddy" Collier.
At 135 minutes, Fury could have been tightened a bit, but, nonetheless, it provides a relentless picture of how war traumatizes the psyche and the soul.
Wardaddy is a fascinating study, a philosopher in battle fatigues, and Pitt subverts his movie-star persona to give the character its edge.
Fury impresses as both a good piece of cinematic art - and a great piece of action-thriller filmmaking.
For a male audience that craves action, 'Fury' delivers the goods and Brad Pitt is a plus, in his role, as a World War II swaggering tank commander.
Fury not only contains Brad Pitt's finest screen performance , it is also the most powerful and best war film I have seen in the last 30 years.
If this movie was about the Iraq and Afghanistan wars it would be irresponsible. But because it has the buffer of a 70-year remove, it's just dumb.
I found it to be an engaging, gripping look at the ways the atrocities of war can change a man.
Fury is irrefutably crafted. Over two hours long it is tense going, a sturdily acted affair. And yet.... As the author of this drama, Ayer has penned a work that takes us no place new or illuminating.
["Fury" ] is a first-class WWII movie that should attract action fans, Brad Pitt fans (at least the guys) and people like me - history and war fanatics who will drool over the film's accuracy to details and events of the day.
A fatalism unites all of Ayer's movies, even his best film, End of Watch... This is the first of his movies in which that fatalism culminates in a state of grace I've never experienced in a war film before.
Fury is a big step up in sophistication. Where it elevates itself from being merely a believably grimy, well-acted war drama is in its long and surprising middle act.
Fury cannot quite rise to the level of the modern war films it aspires to, but in its own way it is a worthy addition to the genre.
Rather than using his small, focused story to heavily underline themes about the horrors of war, Ayer simply follows characters and moments, letting viewers draw their own conclusions.
Not the Dirty Dozen, The Greasy Five. LaBeouf is excellent to boot.
"Fury" is a well-made, finely-acted movie that suffers only from being not particularly insightful or original.
Tanks may drive slow, but the action in Fury comes fast and furious.
War is an ulcer-inducing gore porno in 'Fury,' whose slice-of-life appeal is somewhat at odds with its more sensationalist elements.
Fury is a war movie with balls of steel and marbles for brains.
[An] extraordinarily intense and focussed film ...
The end result, while technically impressive, is a dramatically bloodless affair, despite the gallons of gore on display.
Though much of Fury crumbles in the mind, the power of its best moments lingers ...
A more disturbing picture than what we usually associate with The Greatest Generation
Pitt, in peak form, leads a tank crew through war and domesticity
"Fury" is an astonishingly detailed production about the realities of war.
"Fury" is a thrilling and captivating project. Just when you think you've seen every possible staging of World War II, along comes a truly exceptional interpretation.
Terrific acting and action sequences offset the slow spots and keep this from tanking.
Ayer's film does for tank warfare what Das Boot did for submarines and Saving Private Ryan did for D-Day.
The action scenes are nothing short of gripping. (Full Content Review for Parents also Available)
Fury was one good casting decision away from being an Oscar winner, but it still might be a contender.
The picture is long and talky, and its story circles the pit of old-school Hollywood corn before falling right in at the end.
Fury suggests U.S. soldiers can be just as savage as their enemies before remembering the Greatest Generation saved the world.
"Fury" is a brutal film that too easily celebrates rage and bloodshed to no clear end beyond ugly spectacle.
Fury presents an unrelentingly violent, visceral depiction of war, which is perhaps as it should be.
An undeniably impactful look at the horrors of war, as seen by the members of a divergent tank's crew during the closing days of World War 2.
... a solid World War II drama that has some original flourishes as it covers familiar tropes about the madness of war.
Ayer can match Tarantino's brutality but lacks his humor and finesse.
There is something patently obvious and somewhat unsatisfying about "Fury."
I couldn't help suspecting that there's a pornographic leer to it all, a savage glee.
Attention to details give Fury heft and value, as does solid acting, but Ayer seems to lose his resolve in two scenes that are straight out of a Sgt. Fury Marvel Comics episode, or maybe a Hollywood script rewrite.
It runs the risk of making the very horrors it depicts turn into entertainment and have exactly the opposite impact from the original intention.
Fury shows that war is brutal in the way it strips away the human spirit and leaves the participants reacting with a kind of prehistoric instinct for survival.
Fury paints a grimly satisfying portrait of the war.
Ayer seems to have a knack for these kinds of characters.
Action fans will not be disappointed. Fury is a slam-bam, blood-spattered, convulsively kinetic experience.
It's in no way a surprising movie; the plot and ending are essentially what you expect; and that earns it a creaky kind of integrity.
Conventional but rousing, Fury paints a bleak and brutal portrait of World War II combat through the turret of a battle-scarred American tank.
If memorable war movies mean something to you, open that book to a new page and add "Fury" to the list. It belongs there.
War is hell. It's also relentless, unsparing, unsentimental and violent to the mind, body and soul. Fury conveys these truths with brute force and lean, precise drama.
"Fury" wants to lead us to a fresh consideration of "the good war" while simultaneously celebrating the old bromides and clichés. No wonder it shoots itself in the tank.
Fury is an unforgiving tale of warfare centered on the thesis that battle brings out the worst in men.
Fury is a fine example of an old fashioned concept given a meaningful post-modern polish. It's terrific, and tragic.
"Fury" has some strong, visceral moments but the odd, ephemeral characterizations at its core cause the film to vanish in a fog of war.
This raw and unflinching look at the brutality of WWII and the effect it had on the soldiers who lived through it is one of the best war movies of the past decade.
The stirring, grim and brutally realistic "Fury" portrays not the folly of war, but its cost.
For all the extra blood and brutality, this is still a macho and romanticized war movie. Pitt serves honorably in the John Wayne role.
Depictions of war, as portrayed in Hollywood movies, can stray into the realm of the trite. Case in point: "Fury."
"Fury" may not be the most memorable of World War II movies, but it's a visceral ride.
War is hell, and this gripping WWII battle drama brings you about as close to the angry, anguished flames as anyone would ever want to get.
Does charisma trump psychosis? That will be one of the questions raised by director David Ayer's volatile, defiantly iconoclastic Fury.
Written and directed with exacting skill and aching heart by David Ayer, Fury captures the buried feelings of men in combat with piercing immediacy.
A film that with grim relish provides a stark reminder (if ever one was needed) of the indelible horrors of war.
Its traditional storytelling represents an agreeable throwback to a time when tales of combat managed to be viscerally exciting while also saying something about camaraderie and the effect of the battlefield experience.
It's easy to see the movie as a story of how war makes monsters out of men. But it's a good deal more complicated than that.
It's too strangely hidebound by overused dramatic tropes to inflict serious damage.
A great movie lets you know you're in safe hands from the beginning.
This is a very good film. It's not quite transcendent, but quite good nonetheless.
Tank combat and a lot of blood: That's about it to Fury. There's nothing wrong with that, but there are moments where Fury seems to be reaching for gravitas, a weight that the script never quite delivers.
Ayer has clocked in a gorgeous-looking effort full of ambition and drive, but overall, Fury becomes overwhelmed by a rudderless weave.
In the combat scenes any moral ambiguity goes out the window.
"Fury" is a guided tour through a manmade hell.
Fury reeks of self-importance, a strange arrogance for a fictional World War II drama... The movie wishes to be epic, a companion piece to Saving Private Ryan except Ayer only knows the first 15 minutes of Spielberg's movie, the bloodbath part.
The movie's inner space - inside the heads of its tank battalion, and inside the tank itself - is what grabs you, as gripping battle scenes shake you.
War really is hell, and Fury shows how.
This is an ugly part of an ugly war, and Ayer wallows in it.
War is hell. That's entertainment, folks.
On the one hand, Fury peddles disgust, insisting that we look long and hard at how horrifying war is. Yet that sentiment doesn't translate to its thrilling, first-person shooter battle scenes.
At its weakest, "Fury" contributes a frustrating percentage of tin to go with the iron and steel.
History is pretty violent, but also makes for one heck of a movie.
The kind of war movie that reinvigorates your interest in war movies. It also shows that writer/director David Ayer can do better than good.
Within this gore-spattered, superficially nihilistic carapace is an old-fashioned platoon picture, a sensitive and superbly acted tale of male bonding under duress.
It's all very Peckinpah-or at least it could be, if Ayer had any sense of poetry.
Flesh-and-blood soldiers play second fiddle to the authentic-looking artillery in Fury, rendering the film tough and harrowing, but less emotionally compelling than it could have been.
Like its 30-ton star, Fury can be laborious and awkward one moment, and shockingly powerful the next.
We've already seen enough movies in which mowing down Nazis is its own reward.
Quite an achievement for director David Ayer in creating something far more expansive and cinematic than some of his earlier films.
In terms of story, structure and look (with the exception of the gore), this movie could have been made at any time in the past 70 years.
It never scales the cinematic heights or reaches the same groundbreaking level as Saving Private Ryan, but it's intensely ferocious and relentlessly rough on the senses. You'll know you've been to war, and not on the Hollywood front.
I won't soon forget the spare, metallic thingness of Fury's tank, nor [Ayer's] apparent delight in rubbing my face in the reddened slime of the Greatest Generation's war.
A preposterous tribute to the heroism of an American tank crew in World War II willing to die for God and country.
Ayer's quest for accuracy and attention to detail really pay off in these [fighting] sequences, which are fascinating in both their logistics and their violence. But when it comes to characters, Ayer reverts to familiar stereotypes.
A thoroughly entertaining B-movie with pretensions of being more than that.
"Fury" is about the fog of war. Also the mud. The grime. The blood. The darkness, and the light. And the noise. Always the noise.
A gory, muddy, downbeat tale of war's hellishness and the fraternal bond between those stuck in the middle of it.
Brutal, punishing and exciting - in that order...a searing, gripping tale of the power of that bond that happens between men in war.
'That's better than good,' says Pitt, slugging on some whisky he's saved. Same goes for Fury.
"Fury" is a gripping ride all the way through, if somewhat restricted in its emotional and visual range.
While Ayer's "Fury" does mine a well-worn genre, it is texturally different in how vigorously and viscerally it laces us into tired, brave soldiers' muck-stained boots.
Its dismal visuals, preference to every grisly detail of the battlefield, and remarkable acting result in Fury being bleak war cinema at its finest.
It is thunderously exciting, uncompromisingly brutal, morally provocative, and one of the best war films I have seen for years.
Fury is filled with great scenes that hammer home the bravery of such men, and the tragedy of their situation.
A seriously crushing, irresistible force of a movie.
For all its ferocious combat sequences and creative carnage, the stand-out sequence involves no fighting at all.
David Ayer has gradually emerged as one of Hollywood's foremost filmmakers in assessing men under fire.
[VIDEO ESSAY] The film's centerpiece sequence exposes the true paradox at the heart of the story. This is the scene that explains why David Ayer made the film, and why "Fury" is a great movie.
Viscerally, it works completely, but intellectually it takes some short cuts to achieve that visceral momentum.
Picture the sheer intensity of Saving Private Ryan coupled with the visual capture of The Thin Red Line, the harrowing claustrophobia of Das Boot, and the utter insanity of Apocalypse Now.
As a simple piece of storytelling, it's pretty well-made, and occasionally, I think it even gets great.
Yes, 'Fury' is another reminder that war is hell. But it's one of the few reminders that war is addictive.
Though characters are stereotypes, action scenes are terrifying.
Unflinching, unsentimental and never unconsidered, "Fury"'s rumbling, metal-clad exterior has real humanity, fragile and frightened, captured and caged deep within it.
Fury strains to be a Great Film but never quite gets there.
The plot is raw, episodic and wholly unsentimental; a gruelling onward rumble from one brush with death to the next.
With elements of Steven Spielberg's "Saving Private Ryan" and a "dinner scene" that would put "Django Unchained" to absolute shame, "Fury" is full of wit, charm, and affection.
David Ayer's depiction of World War II is all mud, viscera and Hell.
There's a heart of a European art film beating within this tale, and it's this collision between its various sensibilities that might not make Fury a great film, but it's certainly an interesting one.
...a tough, testosterone-fuelled throwback to the men-on-a-mission yarns of yesteryear.
I can't say that I like Fury. But I begrudgingly admire the director's intense commitment to the misery of combat, and the atrocities of war.
Fury is a good, solid World War II movie, nothing more and nothing less.
Brad Pitt plays a watered-down version of his 'Inglourious Basterds' character in this disappointingly bland look at a World War II tank crew.
Some nicely barebones performances, particularly from Brad Pitt, keep the film grimly riveting and thoughtful even when conventionality eventually takes hold.
Ayer gives his movie a fervour and energy which takes it beyond a videogame. But only just.
"Fury" is a victim of the same brutality it was designed to indict.
Filled with fine performances and authentic period details while refreshingly lacking in patronizing melodrama, "Fury" nonetheless stumbles thanks to thin character development and a mostly passive narrative.
It's not the most complex WWII movie you'll see, but there's no denying the blunt intensity of "Fury," and even if it doesn't sustain, Ayer commits to staring straight into hellish eye of war and bringing audiences along to witness every gruesome detail.
The film itself is a lumbering tank of a movie, chunky, loud, and clumsy, mulching down men into meat as proof of its dramatic seriousness and gloomy worldview.

@highlight

Overall, Fury is a well-acted, suitably raw depiction of the horrors of war that offers visceral battle scenes but doesn't quite live up to its larger ambitions.