This Anna Karenina might not be Tolstoy, but it's the next best thing to a Baz Luhrmann extravaganza, and with even better costumes. The conceit is ingenious, the execution breathtaking (or breathless at a minimum).
It's far from a perfect film, but Anna Karenina should be praised for its attempt to reinvent the wheel of stuffy costume-clad Masterpiece Theater for the big screen.
At times, the theater-as-life concept creates too much emotional distance from the characters, but the actors give such human, sympathetic performances that even the biggest Anna fans will find themselves hoping for a happier ending.
It makes for a wonderfully adventurous adaptation that is at times quite thrilling, but one which too often misses the mark.
[Lack of] clarity is this slick adaptation's biggest fault.
The look is gorgeous, of course, but seldom has so much aestheticization served so much heartlessness.
So can we somehow make a bargain with the film world: no more Anna Kareninas? You're making idiots of yourselves.
Maybe Wright and Stoppard have not given us a great Anna Karenina. .. this movie is too derivative and flashy for that, but they have connected the romantic and philosophical poles...The heart wants what it wants, and will destroy itself to have it.
The film does not do even minimal justice to the themes informing the tragedy.
A whirlwind affair composed of dazzling set pieces and a driving narrative.
Tolstoy's novel rendered in exquisite Faberge egg form.
While there are suitably glorious elements, there's also a frankly bizarre and much-debated aspect added by playwright Tom Stoppard, so that the whole thing is full of 'Brechtian Alienation Devices' and narrative-splintering tricks.
It's easy to conclude that this Anna Karenina is a superficial portrait of a superficial society, but that would be to dismiss how emotionally powerful it is in key moments.
There have been countless film and tv versions of Russian author Leo Tolstoy's classic high society love story. But none have been captured so beautifully and boldly as this Anna Karenina.
a visually unique story world, bold and beautiful, and dramatically fused with passion. Yet it's also a limited space that remains prisoner to its self-conscious theatrical structures.
Leo Tolstoy's classic tale of doomed romance and the emotionally stifling lives of Russian aristocrats gets an ornate, inert reworking...the congested setting makes much of the film look like a blur of costumes and set dressing.
Between the screenplay by playwright Tom Stoppard and the direction of Joe Wright, Anna Karenina is a stylistically fascinating film.
Trying to one-up Tolstoy was always going to be a bad idea, though I wouldn't object to seeing a Bond movie, or Les Miserables, staged in the same way.
Joe Wright uses the theatre and has the actors taking part in a stage production which then moves out into the real world. I think that's done beautifully.
Well, Joe Wright has done it. His ANNA KARENINA is a triumph.
Wright's staged version tries desperately to gain one's attention (which it does) and engage one's affection (which it doesn't).
Wright's edgy, bravura approach actually enhances the moral themes and the social context, illuminating the story in a fresh, contemporary light. This is cinema
Wright's vision in re-imagining this classic tale is conceptually brilliant, with a perpetual sense of motion... a visual and emotional statement
Like its central character, this is beautiful and brave even if it fails to fully realise its potential.
Anna Karenina plays like the ultimate CliffsNotes, which is both testament to Stoppard's exceptional adaptation and abridgement of Tolstoy's novel and acknowledgment of the film's somewhat superficial center.
Knightley has a rare gift for making viewers willing to follow her characters even as they make catastrophically stupid decisions.
Passion overwhelmed by heavily stylised theatrics.
The end result remains quixotically affecting, and more than the sum of its many delirious parts.
One of those lovely, nomination-gleaning period pieces that some simply adore. It's got a playful and unique style to it that transcends the charge of it being yet another costume drama.
A clever and gorgeous-looking adaptation of the great novel which intricately combines theater and cinema.
Again and again, Anna is bereft, isolated, frightened. That this is more a function of her world than her is a point left to fester: she believes it's them, and then she believes them, that it's her.
An updated, streamlined version of the Tolstoy classic will appeal to a younger demographic while the oldsters will stick to reading the book.
That train couldn't come fast enough.
It breathes new life into Tolstoy's characters and reignites the passion that generations of readers have felt for them.
A sumptuous cinematic feast!
It would be unfair to, ahem, throw the whole movie under the train because of one casting error and a few ill-advised directorial choices.
Like a modern music video, it's more about the look and image than it is about the substance behind all of that. Wright gets swept up in his own visual romance.
The actors' passion overrules the filmmakers' artifice.
It's hard to argue that tackling this story again was necessary, and this version can't be called definitive or revelatory. However, Wright has done an admirable job of investing this tale that's more than a century old with a modern sensibility.
(Director Joe) Wright's cinematic choices, unfortunately, keep viewers at arm's length instead of drawing them into the story.
It's a half-success -- a baldly conceptual response to the Leo Tolstoy novel, with a heavy theatrical framework placed around the narrative of girl meets boy, followed by girl meets train.
Where we ought to see a soul-freezing sense of paralysis, followed by a torrent of passion for an inappropriate man, we get a generalized kind of melancholy and neediness suited to Real Housewives of St. Petersburg.
Parse too closely the space between "neat" and "conceptual" and "trick," and there's little emotional truck to all the elaborate conceit.
Director Joe Wright's Anna Karenina is a work of art -- technically brilliant, lavishly filmed and visually stunning.
Joe Wright's sweeping, dance-of-love adaptation of Anna Karenina is one of the most inventive, visually lush films of the year.
In this adaptation, director Joe Wright, plus screenwriter Tom Stoppard, are determined to tame the untameable. And they do.
"Anna Karenina," lush as it is, fails to strike a fully human chord.
...dazzling early on, but as the film reaches the mid-point, the highly stylized staging gimmick begins to wan. Still, like "Cloud Atlas" early this year, the attempts to craft a unique and interesting visual are to be lauded and encouraged.
Director Joe Wright's undeniably fresh approach helps smooth the wrinkles in a film that suffers from uneven storytelling.
Joe Wright, reuniting with his Pride & Prejudice and Atonement leading lady Keira Knightley, has found a fresh take, shooting Tom Stoppard's script with a metaphoric and highly stylized theatricality.
What Tolstoy continues to teach us, and what Wright captures so beautifully in his movie, is how love and desire force one to act in ways others cannot understand.
If it's only a play, why should we care?
Presents Tolstoy's creation as a passionate love story with great costumes.
Ostentatious but basically inoffensive.
Knocking some stuffiness out of Leo Tolstoy's lit-class hurdle, Wright atones for previously turning theaters into staid libraries.... replaced by a creative tack that's fairly exciting until the novelty wears off.
Stoppard's touches serve only to pull the viewer away from the story and act as a distraction.
The very picture of noble failure, it's a bright red heart without a beat.
A glorious feast of a movie that is unlike anything else you will see this year.
Unless I miss my guess, this is the first motion picture in which a director uses eye-poppingly bizarro visuals to distract his audience while he sneaks it a dose of art.
Suffers from that most appealing and rarest of flaws: too much ambition.
The metaphorical force of this conceit-insisting on the artifice of the social world that frowns on rapture-is not hard to grasp, but its frailty unsettles some of the actors.
Sports some good performances and is nice to look at at times, but it's ultimately both spectacularly ill-conceived and deathly boring.
There's no getting around the fact that Johnson is disastrous.
A dazzling looking, amazingly adaptable theater transforms into. . . a busy eyeful of sturm und drang, where the gentler love story of Kitty and Levin outshines the tragedy.
Stoppard wisely keeps intact Tolstoy's great dialogue.
Despite its creativity and originality, this 'Anna Karenina' fails to pack the emotional wallop of previous film adaptations starring Greta Garbo and Vivien Leigh.
Stoppard and Wright's version is rich with artifice
The theatrical artificiality constantly upstages the Tolstoy tragedy, which turns this production into an endlessly annoying experimental film.
Stoppard and Wright have demonstrated that Anna's saga has lost none of its power.
The film thrusts Wright into the role of puppeteer and tries to turn Anna into some sort of contemporary feminist heroine.
I found it extremely difficult to become emotionally invested because the style kept intruding, pulling me out of Anna's journey and making me concentrate on the filmmaking choices.
There is a freshness and daring to Anna Karenina, which is something that probably hasn't been said in a good 100 years.
The movie's still gorgeous, but Anna's great tragedy, condensed and accelerated and enacted underneath the visible ropes and pullies of the stage, never attains its power.
Even more than most versions of "Anna Karenina," this chamber piece is heated by two combustible characters, not by the winds of war and peace.
A beautiful production and strong performances by Law and Knightley
Who's for 130 minutes of alienation?...We're able to intellectualize why we should care (those social strictures are crushing hearts!), but we're too distracted to be moved.
Thank goodness for Domhnall Gleeson's gentle turn as Oblonsky's friend Levin. The ginger-haired landowner is the movie's warmest figure.
The clever camera moves and inventive uses of stagecraft feel like sound and fury, signifying nothing.
It's hard not to admire Wright's bold approach to Anna Karenina's story of longing and jealousy and societal condemnation.
I admire the film's ambition, but I can't fully recommend it. Sorry. I need some characters that I can care about. But it's almost worth seeing for the film's unique style.
Knightley and Law are what salvage Wright's interesting stab at something different, taking an interesting, if flawed, experiment and turning it into something better than it probably ought to be.
You don't merely watch Joe Wright's sumptuous "Anna Karenina," but you waltz with it, run with it, whirl with it.
This multilayered movie is not your average Tolstoy adaptation.
This story has been filmed many times, but never with this kind of erotic charge. Knightley is glorious. My advice is to let Wright's Anna Karenina work its strange and marvelous spell.
Visually stunning but emotionally vapid...a one-trick pony that reduces the tragic dimension of its source to an ornate soap operatic bauble.
It's an incredible thing to behold, at least at the start.
Anna Karenina is beautiful to look at, but mostly unengaging -- a film that's more enamored with its own technique that it is with Tolstoy's story.
The silly setting substantially diminished the enjoyability of an entertaining film with a fine script and terrific acting. Too bad that Wright didn't have enough confidence in the story and his talent to tell it straight up.
Costume and period sets are stunning as is the skilled cinematography, particularly during the elaborate scene and costume transitions early on. Unfortunately, the characters are less than fully developed...
Stylized retelling of Tolstoy classic best for older teens.
Wright's rendition of Anna Karenina is indeed flawed but the rich performances, succinct screenwriting, and strong direction make it a re-interpretation worth seeing.
Knightley will be a forerunner for an Oscar. She is astounding as Anna.
Fans of Wright's "Pride & Prejudice" may not be quite as enthralled with this production, but there is no denying: "Anna Karenina" is a lavish and satisfying spectacle.
An oddly Baz Luhrmann-like take.
Daring staging and a great story make this adaptation the movie to beat this Oscar season.
Often deliberately arch and formal, the performers have been instructed to emphasize the overwrought theatricality of Anna's disapproving social set. What doesn't emerge is Anna's passion. Panic is more like it.
Without Tolsoy's profound interior narration, Anna Karenina is just a soap opera, and for some reason director Joe Wright has decided to compound this problem with deliberate, showy artifice.
What Wright has made here is a musical without songs.
A perfect, and dare one say it, playful vehicle for Keira Knightley, who always brings a chest-heaving sexuality to such period pieces...
For "Anna Karenina" to truly work, you have to look at this two and think, what a tragedy. Instead you look at Anna and think, what a fool.
A handsome, grandly theatrical reimagining of the Tolstoy novel starring his muse, Keira Knightley.
Wright's "Anna Karenina" sings, dances and finally soars, even as its legendary heroine plunges to her most self-destructive depths.
The costumes are wonderful, the production design is exquisite, and the score is similarly Oscar worthy. I just wish the story hooked me more than it did. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
The overpowering momentum perpetuated by this virtuoso camerawork makes it difficult to focus on anything else.
The leading man preens and puffs himself up but never gives us reason to empathize with him.
... we have a lot to look forward to from [Joe Wright] in years to come, and here's hoping audiences get lost in this lovely, painful romantic fever dream.
The novel features one of the most famous endings in history, and Anna Karenina has a sense of propulsion that matches the instrument of that tragedy.
Wright made the movie he wanted to make, and he made it well. It just wasn't worth making.
An intoxicating spectacle that breathes new life into the classic Tolstoy novel, incorporating the notion that all life's a stage -- at least for imperial Russian society.
Director Joe Wright pulls off an impressive feat, taking the iconic, timeless work and making it his own.
Director Joe Wright and his favorite star, Kiera Knightley have produced a ravishing, highly theatrical version of Leo Tolstoy's classic.
Breaking down the walls - literally - Wright has served up a silver screen stunner. Cue the standing ovation.
It speaks volumes that "Anna Karenina's" set up is far more engaging than its tragic melodrama, which fails to engage emotionally. Still, until it falters, the imagination used in this production is something to behold.
The best that can be said of Knightley is that she's puppy-eyed eye candy, in vibrant reds and blacks with fur trims to die for.
All dressed up with no place to go.
As a one-time devotee of Russian literature, I was suitably diverted and occasionally impressed. Your mileage may vary.
The ropes and curtains and ladders of this "Anna Karenina" serve mainly as distractions. And they're solutions to a part of the problem that doesn't exist.
There's a coldness to the new "Anna Karenina" that has nothing to do with the white stuff piled up along the streets of 19th-century St. Petersburg. It's the chill that comes from a director entranced with his own talent.
It is risky and ambitious enough to count as an act of artistic hubris, and confident enough to triumph on its own slightly - wonderfully - crazy terms.
"Anna" is daring enough to seduce us, if ultimately incapable of breaking our hearts.
While I remain convinced of Wright's directorial gifts, Anna Karenina represents his first real misfire as a filmmaker, sweating to create a swirling show of blinding artistry, when all it really needed was a point of entry.
Though it distracts from the realism that makes the novel so immersive, the artificiality does highlight the most genuine aspect of the movie - the performances.
A furiously ambitious literary adaptation, the best of Wright and Knightley's careers, that tries to make us feel the intense sexuality and terror and grief of a classic novel ...
The conceptual gimmickry eclipses everything else, including a typically sharp script from Tom Stoppard and the earnest efforts of well-dressed Brits playing well-dressed Russians.
In making the radical artistic choice to tell the story as if it were being enacted by players on a stage, Wright falls passionately in love with his own fanciful artifices.
Maybe it's time to focus on coming up with new classics instead of constantly returning to the old ones?
There's no deadlier sort of movie than a stodgy literary adaptation. Thankfully, Joe Wright seems incapable of making one.
This is a sumptuous film - extravagantly staged and photographed, perhaps too much so for its own good.
James Joyce once wrote that [Tolstoy] was "never dull, never stupid, never tired, pedantic or theatrical." He might change his mind if he saw Anna Karenina.
Joe Wright's frenetic and daringly stagy adaptation unleashes the passions of Tolstoy's novel with a delicious abandon.
Knightley and Taylor-Johnson are so passionless they might was well be animatronic. The theatrical conceit is more stunt than inspiration, the film cold as a Russian winter.
... the signal achievement of this version of 'Anna Karenina' is that it manages to use a world literary classic as the platform for nothing less than the longest Chanel ad ever.
A sweepingly romantic film, one that earns its tragic climax without stinting on the richness of the source material.
Wondrous as all this artifice is, it's also a huge distraction. The self-consciousness of the structure keeps us at arm's length emotionally.
Confoundingly good performances gradually win the movie from Wright's puerile conceit, giving us an Anna Karenina if not for the ages, than at least for an evening.
It never feels like we're watching people pressed on by the burdens of society and history, just extravagantly costumed puppets navigating Wright's colorfully shallow bag of tricks.
We have expectations of what to expect from period romances. Anna Karenina defies them. Masterpiece Theater it is not.
Some may have an allergy to Wright's interior aesthetic that can't be explained away. That's valid, I suppose, but one must ask just how many times we need to see the classics done up in Merchant-Ivory clothes?
Eschewing the classical realism that's characterized most adaptations of Tolstoy's source novel, helmer Joe Wright makes the generally inspired decision to stylize his dark, expressionist take on Anna Karenina.
A bold and borderline insane adaptation that anoints Joe Wright as a modern filmmaker who reveres the old guard
As boldly original a miscalculation as any you're likely to see.
Anna Karenina is a massive, boldly imagined work, the rare novel adaptation that's purely, thrillingly cinematic.
The film contains far more passion and a tad more complexity than the dominant and typically more staid model of middlebrow costume drama.
A fresh version of the classic romantic drama, set on a theater stage, that explores the choices people make for passion.
[VIDEO ESSAY] "Anna Karenina" shows all.
Like an overly long perfume commercial, Anna Karenina is as stylishly extravagant as it is dull and pretentious.
Playwright Stoppard and director Wright make a valiant but unsuccessful effort to modernize the classic, resulting in film that lacks emotional power and peformance by Knightley that doesn't begin to oompare with Garbo's or Vivien Leigh's.
Intellectual, overwrought and highly stylized, it's a superficial spectacle, providing a feast for the eyes but starvation for the soul.
We are left with an entertaining but hollow story filled with entertaining but hollow characters.
High time this play closed.
This isn't an Anna Karenina that will leave you sobbing, but thanks to virtuosic camerawork, sumptuous costumes and stunning designs, Joe Wright's film should none the less have you reeling in admiration.
Anna Karenina is a beautiful, unique and ambitious vision that is crowned by some spectacular performances with Keira Knightley and Jude Law really standing out.
Tolstoy's iconic novel may have been filmed several times, but you've never seen a version like this
There is no pretense that Wright is giving us a realistic depiction of late-19th-century Russia... he's underscoring the artificiality of cinema itself. That will be uncomfortable to some...
A striking, bold, brash, passionate and provocative adaptation that breathes fire into a Russian classic. It's a must-see.
Knightley embodies Anna as a girlish woman who has never felt erotic love; once smitten, she is raised to heavenly ecstasy before tumbling into the abyss of shame.
Only occasionally touching and rarely truly moving.
It's certainly a unique blend of theatre and film with that necessary ingredient for period drama fans of unashamed melodrama in spades ...
Solid visual moments aren't enough to sustain an audience, and Joe Wright's style isn't enough to salvage gaping wounds in the story.
The end result is a beautiful bore.
Anna Karenina is a big, expensive bauble: pristine, polished and admirable, but structurally brittle and completely hollow.
The weight of its intellectual distancing device presses much of the life and feeling out of Joe Wright's and Tom Stoppard's adventurous adaptation of Tolstoy's Anna Karenina.
Fans of lavish, period drama will love this.
Keira Knightley when lit like this, is a screen goddess.
The film may not be the most moving version of the story, but it has more forward momentum than any previous adaptation.
Keira Knightley as Anna is supremely brilliant.
It's hard to watch Wright's version without wondering what might have been, if only Knightley had a worthier scene partner than Aaron Taylor-Johnson.
Worth it for the glitz and Wright's brave film-within-the-theatre idea.
There's much to love, and much to loathe about Joe Wright's new adaptation of Anna Karenina.
Hats off to the filmmakers for having the courage to try something new. It may not be anybody's favourite Anna Karenina but it's certainly distinctive.
A thoroughly engaging, powerfully emotional period drama with a superb script and a terrific central performance from Keira Knightley.
This is an extraordinary film, a visual treat and an emotional rollercoaster that will keep you gripped all the way through even if you are familiar with the ending.
We marvel not at what it is, but what it could have been.
The Wright/Stoppard Anna Karenina is not a total success, but it's a bold and creative response to the novel.
Fans of lush photography (the great Seamus McGarvey did the honours) and gorgeous, old-fashioned theatrical trickery will have a nice time.
Will Kitty learn from her mistakes? Will she mature enough to be worthy of Levin's love and will he be gracious enough to forgive? His broken heart and her confusion create characters that are real and entirely believable.
This really is a failed experiment - Tolstoy in the puppet theatre.
Knightley, resplendent in exaggerated furs and art-directed lace veils, has never looked more like an honest-to-goodness movie star.
Rather than involve us in the story Wright's grandiose concept keeps it at arm's length, forever highlighting the smoke, mirrors and meticulous stage management that have been pressed into service to make his big idea a reality.
If it doesn't ultimately engage your heart as it might, Anna Karenina is period drama at its most exciting, intoxicating and modern. Spellbinding.
Even on the rare occasions it falters, you have to applaud the ambition.

@highlight

Joe Wright's energetic adaptation of Tolstoy's classic romance is a bold, visually stylized work -- for both better and worse.