Uneven drama that's too intense for kids.
"The United States Of Leland" deftly points out dilemmas in current American ideology that frequently escalate into tragedy.
A very good film about the utter senselessness of murder...
Hoge seems to take delight in the fact that the film's conclusion is so frustratingly vague, whereas in fact it's both annoying and disappointing.
Kevin Spacey, who produced the film, is wasted in completely unnecessary role.
Powerful and provocative--if perhaps a bit subdued.
... the ultimate result is like one of those college rock songs that hint at a depth that just isn't there.
A muddled and uninteresting psychological melodrama.
What action there is in this movie takes forever to get going -- or maybe it just seems like forever because all of these characters are so unlikeable and unfathomable, and the dialogue between them is so trite and dumb.
An exasperating film about teen violence and suburban dysfunction that wears its confusion like a badge of honor.
The drama makes us yearn to discover the reason Leland killed the boy, but the point of the movie isn't to grant us a big revealment.
It's tidy in all the least important ways, with all the questions that don't demand answers explained and all those that do left open.
A melancholy alt-rock soundtrack tells us that wistful regret is the appropriate reaction to almost every scene...
What Gosling accomplishes as Leland cannot be overstated in its brilliance; he gives a face, a mind and a heart to today's doped-up, condemnable teens.
People under 30 or those of a youthful mindset may see cracked reflections of their own lives in this morally intricate tale, but I can't help but think those of previous generations will wonder what all the fuss is about.
Hoge pours his heart and his considerable writing talent into this exploration of one of our time's most puzzling phenomena: juvenile violence.
Waste of precious art-house space.
An intriguing movie about how badly we really want to know the unknowable, what makes kids kill other kids.
Dull.
Hoge wastes an impressive cast in his self-important study of misery and murder in American suburbia.
Writer-director Matthew Ryan Hoge strands his cast... in a sea of emotional paralysis and Afterschool Special moralizing.
Exactly the sort of facile sociology that drives sensitive, intelligent souls like Leland bat****.
A sidetracking subplot about Madison's adulterous fling with a co-worker goes nowhere; it is one of several unsatisfying, tertiary plot strands.
If your audience is expected to grapple with how a seemingly sweet kid could commit murder, shouldn't "why make this film?" come with comparative ease?
...the overabundance of periphery characters and their respective subplots winds up hurting the film more than anything else.
The entire film is like that -- moments of good actors giving halfhearted performances.
Isn't it sad that a boy like this could feel so lost that he had to kill someone? Well, maybe. But isn't it sadder that someone's dead?
[Hoge] spends an awful lot of time trying to get us to understand Leland and almost none trying to get us to understand his victim.
It's neither an insightful nor well-made film.
You know you're in trouble when the main question a movie raises is 'Which of these characters do I want to slap most?'
Besides being puffed up with its importance, it's also inert and totally implausible -- one of those movies where nobody behaves in a way that seems remotely human.
A serial TV drama squirms and sighs inside U.S. of L.
It's ponderous and endless, and raised only two question in my mind: How many times can Kevin Spacey rehash the same performance? And is death the ultimate deadpan?
A frustrating and disturbing mishmash of vague philosophical noodling, which even the best-chosen cast can't imbue with zip.
The movie takes Leland's approach: What's the big deal?
The problem here is that, in telling his harrowing story, American filmmaker Matthew Ryan Hoge makes it so dry and pedantic that it feels like a doctoral thesis, not a drama.
It simply mopes along to one of those joyless alt-rock soundtracks that have thankfully started to fall out of fashion since the film was produced, leaving vague unpleasantness in its wake.
A thoughtful, mature, daring work that looks beneath the surface of an awful act and asks questions few would ask.
Ambitious but flawed.
A depressive, civics-lesson Donnie Darko variation.
It's self-important, tedious and ultimately pointless.
Dispassionate to the point of resembling a kitchen appliance, this meandering dissection of suburban angst answers no questions and offers naught for substance.
The performances range from solid to excellent (Mr. Gosling and Mr. Donovan are among the standouts), and the ubiquitous teen angst is handled with a minimum of condescension.
Watching it is the equivalent of listening to two hours of whiny, pretentious emo.
Leland is nothing if not well meant and sincere. Unfortunately, it's also pretentious, overwritten, derivative.
Leland is absolutely interesting. But it's never genuinely good, or even all that memorable.
The strengths of Leland ... come from its performances.
... really powerful stuff.
A film whose nuances glimmer with a diamond's brilliance.
The characters behave less the way people really would than as the screenplay requires to support its vaguely cynical assumptions about human nature.
A shattering glimpse of the way a community reacts when the erratic killing of an innocent suddenly hits close to home...Deserverdly stands as one of the best films of 2004.
Ponderous, un-clever, and almost aggressively humorless.
A compelling, exquisitely acted drama about the shock waves emanating from -- and toward -- a single act of almost inexplicable violence.
There's something secondhand about everything here. Hoge seems to be mimicking the tone and fabric of other, better indie movies.
Slick but deeply dumb.
A moral muddle.
Kevin Spacey has only a supporting role in The United States of Leland, but this troubled-youth melodrama -- which he produced -- is very much of a piece with the phony, pretentious and preachy flicks Spacey has starred in of late.
Seems to be the result of too many repeat viewings of American Beauty.
Pearl's own experience is lost inside The United States of Leland. And Pearl's story, in fact, seems the more original.
Unbearably pretentious.
Deadly serious, almost funereal...a pretentious, dreary film, which is also frustratingly unenlightening.
Talks a lot but says very little.
There's a reason filmmaking is considered a craft, and Hoge, a former teacher in a juvenile prison, cannot pull off what would be a tricky proposition for a skilled veteran.
An okay head trip.
Gosling is the heart of this film, offering him yet another meaty role that lets him play off of the whole book-cover judgment thing.
The United States of Leland is an ethically complicated drama that creatively explores the mysteries of human nature that can never be tied up neatly.
...plays like a cross between the truthfulness of edgy Cheadle-starrer Manic crossed with the contrived bathos of the glossier The Safety of Objects.
In spite of an exceptionally fine cast, this melodrama of suburban adolescent dysfunction never rises to the level of its literary ambitions.
An ambitious and intelligent film probing that chronic contemporary phenomenon, the seemingly senseless crime, but it is ultimately unsatisfying for all its efforts and various pluses.
The screenplay aims high in terms of humanity and complexity, but director Hoge drains it of energy with listless meanderings that provide more yawns than insights.
Among its weaknesses are an overpopulated cast and a disposable victim.
The movie goes back and forth between being melodramatic and genuinely moving
There's more here about Pearl's banal romantic life than Leland's crime.
Yet another joylessly trendy indie portrait of the dark side of suburbia.
The narrative merely brushes up against the issues, surrounding them with stagy performances and melodramatic results.
The movie's idiotic fascination with the senselessness of its central act is scarily close to a fetish.
Are you ready for a drama that doesn't try to dumb itself down and cookie-cut its characters into a nice little ideal of the world's youth?
Makes an impassioned case for correction within juvenile correctional institutions.
Sundance twaddle of the highest degree.
Fast proving to be the most talented actor of his generation, Ryan Gosling gives an achingly sensitive performance as Leland P. Fitzgerald.
Thoroughly entertaining and will possibly get you thinking about certain choices you've made in your life.
We all make mistakes. Whether we dwell on them or rise above them is the issue, and this film addresses that question with compassion and insight.
Though it might seem unfair to compare it to Donnie Darko and American Beauty, two of the finer movies of the last decade, comparisons are certainly valid.
A complex and often compelling melodrama, at times almost verging on soap opera.
As maudlin and monotone as the whiny alt-rock that drenches its overly articulated emotional disclosures.






@highlight

The United States of Leland has its moments, but they're undermined by a muddled plot, unsympathetic characters, and frustratingly uneven performances.