The best-case scenario for this project was that it be spectacularly stupid in a vigorously colorful way.
It's bad. But not merely bad, worse than that, it's disrespectful: to its audience, to its source material, and to the craft of movie making.
Lance Henriksen, Raoul Bouva and Ewen Bremner are tragically underused due to their characters being cliched and forgettable.
I spent a good portion of the time thinking about what could have been...
This spectacle-fueled Sci-Fi thriller is all bark and no bite.
un divertissement estival parmi tant d'autre qui n'a absolument rien de mythique n'est pas pour autant désagréable si on le prend pour ce qu'il est
It's exactly what you would expect it to be, as long as you don't expect too much.
lance is the man
In the end, we are left with a dull woman who is surrounded by puppets and voiceless actors covered in prosthetics -- and it's never a good sign when the special effects give more memorable performances than the hero.
The title alone betrays an entire Hollywood mindset of rehash, reheat, recombine. Re-please.
Sadly devoid of any real thrills.
Just as the director sucked the soul and scares out of Resident Evil, he's torn every ounce of dread, tension and awe from Sigourney and Arnold's respective flagships
I am very happy to report that Alien Vs. Predator is not a complete disaster.
Unsurprisingly mediocre.
[Its] potentially Hawksian theme is ruined by inept horror scenes, staged with exactly the same setup and timing as thousands of other horror films.
Took a premise rife with potential and created perhaps the most boring story possible to accomodate the two sci-fi races.
[It's] a sour footnote to both franchises.
The once-promising project was doomed to disaster, going back to the very moment Paul W.S. Anderson was awarded directing and screenwriting duties.
AVP is like one of those video shoot-'em-ups that looks great on your computer screen but has no story to it.
A fright-filled ride that coalesces the stories of two very cool monster franchises, and it does it well.
It's marketing savvy that says making a movie people feel they have to see is reason to not bother making one people will want to see.
Obligada para los fans (para quienes es un paraíso, a ratos), entretiene lo suficiente como para justificar el pago de la entrada.
Actually better than expected with slash and jab special effects.
Despite (or perhaps because of) some laughably bad moments, this is surprisingly enjoyable.
What's not to love?
A brainless, clueless concept. And it's not even a fun one, either.
It's not groundbreaking and it's not revolutionary, but it is just as exciting as its premise.
The only thing 'AVP' accomplishes by going for a PG-13 rating is that it can bore little kids too.
I didn't hate it nearly as much as I ought to have, thought I would, and/or everyone else.
in this war, it is ultimately the viewer who is left out in the cold
After a garbled and jumpy opening this settles into a rather enjoyable action movie.
Alien Vs. Predator was boring, which is the greatest crime a filmmaker can commit when making a movie like this.
could just as easily be described as "Hunger vs Boredom" or "blatant deviation from established continuity vs dismally undeveloped and uninteresting fodder characters"
There isn't a performance in the movie worth noting, unless one is noting inabilities.
Acaba funcionando simplesmente por matar a curiosidade dos fãs com relação ao que aconteceria caso dois dos monstros mais populares do Cinema moderno viessem a se encontrar.
As chock full of "oh jeez" moments as it is full of genuine enjoyment for fans. But if you are not a fan, the "oh jeez" moments will far outweigh the enjoyment.
Wait until the second run or it comes out on video
King of the video game movies, director Paul W.S. Anderson continues to meet and resist expectations.
And you thought movies couldn't get better than Freddy vs. Jason.
Horror buffs can forget about experiencing any subtle, spine-tingling delights in Anderson's big-budget clash of the extraterrestrial nasties.
If your favourite idea of fun involves thrashing around violently in the dark, uncertain as to why you are doing it or what will come of it, then this is the movie for you.
To ingest Alien vs. Predator on its own slimy, divertingly synthetic terms, it helps to forget everything previously known -- and loved -- about the franchise monster aliens who get star billing.
Joining two previously independent monsters in one film signals the same desperation a sitcom producer feels when he sends his cast to Hawaii for an hour-long "special."
Expensive claptrap.
Alien vs. Predator is a ton of alien-slobbering, bust-a-gut fun.
We never confused Godzilla vs. Mothra with actual cinema as kids, so why are we doing so with this one? It's fun!
There are a few worthy twists that make the film bearable, but only just.
I was surprised at how good this outing is. The movie has plenty of creepy stuff and fast action.
There are aliens. There are predators. They fight. What more do you want?
For a matchup between two of the most fearsome creatures in moviemaking history, this movie is surprisingly tame.
Make sense? No, it doesn't. But if you manage to endure the exposition, you'll get what you paid for: popping chests. Invisible stalkers.
This movie gets an F+, because it did such a good job of failing.
...anyone looking for logic in a movie titled Alien vs. Predator should have his or her head examined.
It isn't some kind of ghastly betrayal of anything. It's just a rather silly exercise in schlock sci-fi horror that doesn't pretend to be anything else.
A new generation adopts my generation's horror films
Are you the sort of person who watches WWE Smackdown for the intricate story lines? You know what to expect.
AVP equals PU
When not busy contradicting the lore we picked up in the previous pictures, Alien Vs. Predator is the world's murkiest, most incomprehensible video game.
The film has many problems, but here's the biggest: It's rated PG-13 and it should have been rated R.
Perfunctory battle sequences, cardboard characters, and uncreative scare 'ems.
In an early scene, a television is tuned to 'Frankenstein Meets the Wolf Man.' That represents the first and last witty moment in the film.
Fans of both Alien and Predator will likely be howling for Paul W.S. Anderson's head, and I can't say that I blame them.
According to the production notes on the official website, over 40 ideas were hurled around the offices of Fox. Out of 40 other ideas, this is the one they chose?
For a big dumb production about a movie monster smackdown, Alien vs. Predator is a surprisingly good time.
Most of the film is good enough that way: dumb, but not boring.
The humans are insignificant... They really only serve as incubation chambers for baby aliens... But, this is important because the movie isn't about them.
The film equivalent of a deep-fried Mars bar: an interesting combination that results in a gloppy mess.
AVP will probably satisfy its fans' most basic desires. But, like most sugar rushes, it won't satisfy them for long.
Take a wretched premise. Imagine the worst picture that could be made from it. Then imagine something even worse.
Anderson ... seems so pleased with the fact that he came up with a thinly plausible pretext for this clash of the popcorn titans that he didn't bother to develop the characters or fashion a plot with any suspense.
This is a sad end for two profitable Hollywood franchises, which now seem to be at an end. The movie bills itself as some sort of ultimate hunt. Instead, it's merely a mercy killing.
One thing is certain: Nobody is going to be demanding a rematch.
The actual fights between the predators and the serpents are too silly to contemplate. Both shiny and metallic, they look like kitchen appliances fighting it out.
The movie had an opportunity to raise some broader philosophical questions about the nature of evil. Does it coil deep within us or come at us with a retractable spear? Anyway, it passed on that.
Though sometimes marred by murky lighting and quick-cut incoherence, the action is sudden and sensational.
In the battle of the ugly syrup creatures with teeth, can anyone really be declared a winner?
A movie based on a video game based on two entirely separate sci-fi horror series -- so whatever was interesting in the originals has long been bred out, like double-jointedness.
Anderson has some strengths, but he borrows too much from other movies.
...a murky and ludicrous thriller...a dyspeptic and droll display that yearns to breathe life into two forgotten frightfest franchises
...much of the film is a rather pedestrian affair, but when the aliens and predators do finally show up and start fighting each other, it's pretty kick butt stuff.
"Ten Little Indians" meets "The Monster Mash"
Anderson n'a aucunement le talent pour succéder à Scott, Cameron, Fincher et Jeunet à la barre de la franchise Alien. Ni même à Renny Harlin de Prédateur 2!
The story couldn't be more preposterous if Alien and Predator were in tutus doing the Dance of the Sugar Plum Fairies.
Maybe the Predators should spend a little less time hunting aliens, and more time trying to recapture some cinematic integrity.
In space, no one can hear you scream. On Earth, everyone can hear you snore.
Some movies are meant to have "R" ratings. This is one of them.
The Aliens are looking a little dogged, perhaps ready for the Alien Retirement Home. Meanwhile, the Predator warriors, who never achieved the artistic heights of their counterpart, look better invisible.
We won't give you any spoilers here about which species zooms which, but let's just say it's the audience who never had a chance.
This is a dull, plodding, ultra-serious feature that has a lot more in common with a video game than a motion picture.
AVP isn't very satisfying as a monster match-up, in that both the Aliens and the Predators are horde concepts rather than individualized creatures.
While...the movie isn't good exactly, it's certainly not the trainwreck everybody's been expecting.
If you're aching for lines like, 'Well, that tunnel didn't dig itself,' and 'My enemy's enemy...is....my friend?,' run don't walk to AVP.
Paul Simon and Bob Dylan. Elton John and Billy Joel. Alien vs. Predator is just another contrived combination of two former chartbusters who perform their greatest hits before coming together for a duet at the end.
The idea of pitting the critters from each film against one another is just plain stupid. Stupid, cash-grabbing, embarrassing. Etc.
Sure, some of the smackdowns look sweet and keep the action moving, but the flick just gets more and more dumb as the body count adds up.
Essentially, and without surprise, this is an unreviewable picture. It's beyond silly, full of logically impaired characters doing increasingly stupid things as the film progresses.
A more accurate title might have been Audience Vs. Cliche.
Was it necessary? Probably not, but it's certainly no embarrassment, and will most likely be a hit for Fox. What more can you ask for?
While you might expect it to be good cheesy fun to finally see these two alien species go toe-to-toe, there's not nearly enough of that kind of action, and there's way too much blathering by the humans.
Between the Predators' dripping their glow-in-the-dark green blood and the Aliens' getting their rubber cement mucous all over everything, this is certainly a very sticky movie, though not, ultimately, a very frightening or commanding one.
Unintentional laughs outnumber legitimate scares.
... Not what fans expected.
Alien Vs. Predator isn't the worst movie of 2004, but it is the most blatant exploit of a franchise, and that maybe that is worse.
Anyone who ever smiled at the thought of aliens and predators battling for supremacy will certainly get their money's worth.
So instantly forgettable that it will evaporate from memory so quickly that it will seem as if it never existed...
First, Van Helsing. Now, this. What's next - Indiana Jones vs. Lara Croft?
Quite possibly the worst film of the year...a real stinker.
The biggest problems with AvP are the humans.
Unwatchable!
Going from the noisily routine to the ludicrous, AVP's final reel or so are likely to produce howls.
Once the running and screaming starts, the proceedings degenerate into a surprisingly Alien 3-like morass of claustrophobic sprints through dark corridors, punctuated by boogie beasts springing out of the shadows.
Anderson is terrible at giving us our bearings; and he's the only franchise director who fails to generate even a drop of empathy for screaming people who have aliens erupting from their chests.
How many awful, monotonous, stupid movies does Anderson have to make before they take away his scissors and crayons?
...didn't turn out to be as great as I hoped it might, but also didn't turn out to be as bad as it could have either.
Among the verbal howlers: 'This is like finding Moses' DVD collection' and, from Lathan's team leader, 'This is starting to make sense!'
Who wins? I said "Alien." My 3 guests disagreed.
Anderson (Resident Evil, Event Horizon, Mortal Kombat) has a thing for gamelike killing sprees. What he doesn't have is talent.
It's a murky, empty-headed dive into the depths of the Antarctic and the heart of monster movie cliches that leaves you praying for most of the cast to get killed off fast, to put them (and us) out of our misery.
For 90 minutes it held my interest on a purely visceral level.
Uninspired, dull and utterly forgettable.
A transparent attempt to jumpstart two run-down franchises.
[AvP] is in desperate need of a bigger steel cage and a whole lot more smackdown.
...(there's) a battle between young Predator warriors and baby Aliens that apparently happens once every 100 years. It's 'Brigadoon' with a body count.
like watching a very non-scary, screeching, interstellar cockfight
a murky film that looks as though it were shot through several layers of black tulle, where the most frightening thing around is a surfeit of slime
AVP works in those few shining moments when the monsters are allowed to do their own thing.
'Whoever Wins...We Lose!' Thank you, Fox, for the truth in your advertising.
Has been rendered impotent by the insane demands of a studio obsessed with the PG-13 rating. An attractive but empty horror-lite version.
AVP is a pretty movie to look at with its grandiose sets and top notch creature FX, but it's a lot like Anderson's previous works in that it's all facade and no foundation.
Alien vs. Predator is a cool-looking lunchbox that's full of rocks.
Without a kinky moment towards the end where it seems like Alexa is going to lay a big wet one on a Predator, there's almost no reason to stay awake.
Who is the big winner in Alien Vs. Predator? Everyone who avoids going to see the film.
Even a pre-release non-Alien vs. Predator fan such as myself found plenty of reasons to give this one a high recommendation.
Who wins? Who cares in the slow and silly AvP?
In this contest it's boredom and stupidity that are victorious...though loud and brutally paced and edited, far more silly than scary.
It certainly delivers as a loving homage to two of our favorite monsters and their respective super-duper powers.









@highlight

Gore without scares and cardboard cut-out characters make this clash of the monsters a dull sit.