I never contemplated what Andy Griffith's face would look like during orgasm, and I curse this atrocious and shoddy romantic comedy for making Griffith do it and making anyone watch it.
Surprisingly sexual in nature, and not just because it seems so concerned with the sex practices of the elderly. There's too much of that sort of material here and not nearly enough of the stuff we really want to see.
There's a good comedy to be made about sex among seniors, but the low-budget indie film Play the Game is not that movie.
It isn't great movie-making, but it is a cheeky good time -- even if you've never wondered what Opie's pa would look like after a jolt of Viagra.
This isn't so much sitcom fare as dinner-theatre material, directed without an ounce of style or panache and played more broadly than an old vaudeville routine.
Although occasionally slow Play the Game receives a boost from its capable cast. It's fun to see an old dog learn new tricks.
The scene in which Alzheimer's is played as a dating dealbreaker is as stunningly tasteless as Fienberg's zooming-in on Joe's face when he receives his first blowjob.
While Fienberg's direction is no great shakes, the film showcases its veteran cast.
one of those endearingly cute, funny movies you'll see on cable and wonder why studios don't put their marketing machine behind this kind of film instead of the typical garbage we get passed off on us as summer 'entertainment.'
Smart screenplay, good directing. Except for Griffith, casting is wrong.
Stay home and find yourself a Golden Girls marathon.
Play the Game has all kinds of good intentions, but the comedy is too broad and the pacing is clumsy. Take away the dirty parts, and this is the type of thing you can get for free on the Hallmark Channel every day.
Veering between syrupy sweet and awkwardly dirty, Play the Game is a woefully scoreless exercise.
The good news is that the seemingly perennial TV fixture is still funny and sharp and folksy. The bad news is that he lost the bet, or whatever it was that got him into Marc Fienberg's smarmy, lackluster comedy.
Griffith improvises an orgasm that seems to last as long as the entire eight-year run of The Andy Griffith Show.
Did you ever wonder what face Andy Griffith makes when he's having an intimate moment with a lady friend? Me neither. Yet that's one of many "delights" foisted on us during writer-director Marc Fienberg's feature-length debut comedy.
There have been many things in this world I never thought I would see, and watching Andy Griffith receive, umm, "oral pleasure" was one of them
Heartwarming, clever and very, very funny. It's a genuinely charming, uplifting and crowd-pleasing gem that must be seen by generations, young and old.
Hearing Griffith say, 'David, grandpa's horny,' is not something anyone should have to experience.
Opie, I don't think we're in Mayberry any more.
Surely, there is a way of expressing the joy of sex without the potty-mouthed dialogue that desecrates the persona of a television and movie icon.
A film in which comedic maturity is measured in jokes about hemorrhoids, constipation, and erectile dysfunction.
The sight of the once-great Griffith cruising at a singles bar in a backward baseball cap isn't the worst of it.
It's The Andy Griffith Show meets Seinfeld in the sack in Play the Game, which shows Andy is not too old to star in a sex comedy, I guess.
This Lifetime-ready comedy is hardly provocative -- let alone perceptive, funny, or fresh.
The comedy's broad perfs, predictable story beats and pro but characterless packaging have a smallscreen feel.
This agonizing romantic comedy about a nice boy and his grandpa relearning the 'game of love' raises far more questions than it answers.
Truly an oddball motion picture, Game is one part smutty romp, one part romantic comedy, with the entertainment value of the feature resting solely in how uncomfortably blunt it can get.
Play the Game takes an interminable hour to get going. Every scene, every line reading, plays slow. There's no snap to it.


@highlight

Andy Griffith is his usually likable self, but he's stranded in a middling comedy that's surprisingly tasteless and poorly crafted.