This steely British import examines the cost of male-bonding rituals...it's nice to see a horror movie really go for it in the home stretch.
The Unseen Threat is "seen" too quickly, and is seen to be as silly as you feared.
That understanding of how to scare an audience shouldn't be so rare. The tools of suspense on display here aren't exactly secrets. Still, it's surprising to see them used so effectively.
The problem with the Ritual happens when it goes beyond the climax... The movie winds up somewhere between psychological thriller and standard horror. [Full Review in Spanish]
There is a ritual, yes, as the title indicates. But there is much more. [Full review in Spanish]
Ritual demonstrates [David Bruckner's] narrative maturity and his attempt to build something different for his solo career. [Full Review in Spanish]
It has enough atmosphere and rhythm to achieve a pleasant, even chilling experience. [Full Review in Spanish]
While it doesn't hold up logically thanks to some confusing plot twists, The Ritual is an effective thriller that will keep viewers on edge.
Much of The Ritual is about mood and creeping dread, and Bruckner does that very well.
The Ritual is by no means a new classic; its novelty and skill can only elevate its predictable set-up so far. But it does do everything you want a horror film to do with notable efficiency and a great deal of mood.
In the hands of director David Bruckner, the deep, dark woods are scary enough on their own, but hallucinatory psychological terrors and grisly physical dangers also lie in wait for the ill-fated quartet.
Think The Blair Witch Project, but less original.
The Ritual is a creepy, freaky slice of terror that knows exactly where it wants to put its audience and will effectively scare the pants off you.
The law of diminishing returns is stalking the movie, too. With each new revelation, The Ritual reveals just how derivative it really is, and the final movement is too dopey to be scary.
The Ritual is shot so beautifully it helps mitigate that uneasiness.
[The Ritual] is an efficient, gripping and unsettling horror that is well worth a look.
The Ritual doesn't possess much ambition to speak of in terms of its story or script. That doesn't exactly bode well for a film that is meant to be character-driven, but Bruckner mostly salvages the movie with sheer style and competence.
The Ritual is a cracking horror movie and one of those rare examples where the film improves on the source material (a 2008 novel by Adam Nevill).
David Bruckner had all the ingredients for a horror masterpiece - deceptively scenic wilderness shots, great character camaraderie, dreadful atmosphere/setting- but "The Ritual" winds up a missed opportunity.
The Ritual is too flat, however, to the point of being forgettable. There's nothing about this movie which elevates it beyond that excellent inciting incident.
Starting off in Blair Witch country before detouring into The Wicker Man, the film impresses with the way it deftly weaves together different horror tropes to excellent effect.
The first thing that instantly grabs you about The Ritual is the kinship and camaraderie shared by the film's key players.
The atmosphere and intense despair of Luke presents some of the most horrifying elements of The Ritual as it's our choices that haunt us more than monsters.
The most disappointing kind of bad horror movie: the kind that's too smart to be this dumb.
There'll be blood, and fire, and guns, and an axe. But there won't be satisfaction.
The Ritual is the finest, pure horror movie since Get Out. And if we're being even more traditional with our definitions, you'd have to go as far back as 2015's The Witch to make a suitable comparison.
Efficient and highly effective in its style, relying on sound, creepy production design, and the men's own fear and misjudgment to create the sense of pervasive doom.
A well-executed, deftly-performed horror story supplies the requisite amount of scares along with some insightful notions about guilt, redemption, and maturity.
The Ritual is rich, meaty horror that offers up a gripping balance of psychological terror and physical revulsion. Your mileage on its monster, though, may vary.
When things really start to get bizarre, The Ritual shows its hand completely, becoming less stimulating and much less scary.
Bruckner strangely elects to simulate the extremely long and physically draining journey, leaving suspense more of an afterthought than a priority.
The Ritual may start on familiar footing, but trust in David Bruckner's ability to summon some nasty tension and a third act that horror fans will be talking about all year.
So while, at times, it slavishly lives up its title, The Ritual does a great job of telling predictable horror tropes in a terrifying new way.
Smarter than it may appear on the surface, The Ritual isn't just there to scare but to look at what being scared does to people.
The Ritual, too, on occasion achieves a tense and devilish power, leaving you in the dark with these guys trying to figure out what that thing can mean. In these moments, the forest seems wilder than it is.
Attempts to put a twist on the Blair Witch formula but demonstrates surprisingly little imagination.
The Ritual will feel like a trip to comfortably uncomfortable environs. And yet Bruckner's film has more meat on its bones than most, its mayhem splattered with not only blood but issues of guilt, regret and redemption.
Eventually, the filmmakers reveal the secrets they'd previously withheld, spoiling the film's sustained mystique.
The core cast all play a part in making the viewer care. There's panic, terror, confusion and even the odd dry joke to bring some levity to the tension. Everyone (bar Dom) is likeable to various degrees.
... a seductively disorienting saga...
The actors uphold it with all their strength, but that sadly doesn't prove to be enough to overcome the familiar and clichéd storytelling.
A wonderful allegory of the power of good horror cinema. [Full Review in Spanish]
[The Ritual] delivers here is a decent effort just in time for the Halloween season.
[Rafe Spall is] daringly dislikeable, which is the film's boldest decision, but there's enough texture to the role that you root for him to realise his own value and man up.
[David] Bruckner pulls off merciless tension between the well-played-out bickering to get up an uncommonly spooky head of scream.
A superior B-movie shocker set in the hinterlands of northern Sweden.
The Ritual is well acted, well executed and, for a good while, properly scary, despite the very obvious parallels with The Blair Witch Project.
The scares begin promisingly, but tail off when everything is out in the open.
Witty dialogue, likeable performances, creepy atmosphere and an unusual set-up.
It's enjoyably gory but not in the same league as the films it emulates.
The real horror is the screenplay's lack of ambition and the irritating characters that are dispatched without care or consequence.
Bruckner summons up some nightmarish images before letting loose with a gleefully over-the-top finale.
The more we discover about the threat that faces them, the more risible this derivative horror yarn becomes.
The exploration of toxic masculinity - combined with the unique visual style - make The Ritual interesting even as it stumbles, marking Bruckner out as one to watch.
The very Britishness of the script gives a really funny and sarcastic twinge to proceedings, which at times feels very Children of the Corn doing Blair Witch directed by Guillermo Del Torro. A really enjoyable, surreal scare.
The Ritual admittedly brings little new to the table in terms of pushing the horror genre forward. Nevertheless, as a genre exercise it is superb, and as a study of a modern masculinity in crisis it has surprising depth.
Don't bother - you've seen it all before.
Though some of the dread filled potency is lost in the final third with a twist that turns the focus away from psychological terrain for the most part Bruckner plunges the viewer into Luke's intense despair.
Director David Bruckner knows how to jolt us out of our seats one moment and to repel us the next but there's nothing here we haven't encountered before...
A horror movie for grownups, dripping with the dread of a fairy tale of yore, primitive and atavistic, drawing on profound human pain and fear.
The Ritual is an efficient, well-made if programmatic Brit horror, with good effects and a big monstrous reveal intelligently withheld.
It's just a shame the same old Blair Witch and cabin in the woods ideas are rehashed, as the central premise of guilt, grief, and the handling of trauma in a group of friends is interesting - particularly the very 'laddish' ensemble we're presented with.
Director David Bruckner makes the most of the misty, twiggy Scandi location to conjure a memorable sense of unease, while his cut-above cast are believable as early middle-aged blokes whose once close friendship is tested.
If it lacks the originality and sheer muscle of the best horror fare, this does offer an astute take on fragile thirtysomething machismo.
Bruckner's genre timing is spot on even if the finished film could be a tad more terrifying. Winningly witchy, nonetheless.
Entertaining, engrossing and at times genuinely unnerving, Bruckner's bad trip is one for horror fans to relish.
... has the atmosphere, style and sturdy characterisation needed to tempt you along for the jaunt. But it doesn't have enough fresh scares or potent revelations to stick, much less soften the sense that we've been lost in trees like these before.
It may not rise above skilfully delivering horror tropes, but connoisseurs will eat up its refusal to wink at them.
The Ritual misses the mark: working in a longer format, [David Bruckner] comes up with a confused and unsustainable tangle of typical horror tropes.
Like with any other intelligent horror movie, The Ritual is about so much more than scaring its audience senseless.
Starts with an effective inciting incident but devolves into something that feels overly familiar.
...the film moves at a glacial pace and boasts few interludes designed to perk up one's waning interest.
Directed by David Bruckner, the film's horror is engaging; its look, handsome. While thoughtfully done, the entertainment value of this sombre scare fiesta isn't high.
Surely the best Yank-directed horror movie about English blokes terrorized by monsters in Romania-posing-as-Sweden that you'll see this year.

@highlight

Director David Bruckner makes evocative use of the Scandinavian setting and a dedicated cast to deliver a handsome -- if familiar -- horror story.