Clark's warmest, loosest work yet, but it would have been better if the director had realized he didn't need to make us hate everyone else in order to get us to love these little dudes.
Boredom is the loftiest running theme in Larry Clark's films, and "Wassup Rockers" (imagine asking to buy a ticket for that title) takes dullness to a new low.
The themes are set up and then completely pushed into the background in exchange for almost endless dribble that feels more like a first time attempt of a film student rather than an actual film...
It was hard to keep awake during all the tedium.
...a sharply observed look at juvenile rebellion
A documentary about these kids could have been terrific, but Clark involves them in a clunkily scripted melodrama instead.
Clark's vision of Los Angeles, where extravagant fantasies and inner-city social issues wildly intersect.
Makes you wish Clark had quit trying to cook up adventures for his cast and made a straight documentary instead.
Even Clark's fans probably won't be surprised to hear the result is a low-key, pervy mess.
The initially realistic drama takes a turn into the truly bizarre and surreal. At that point, the film becomes a grotesque, nearly unwatchable cartoon.
It may not dig very deep, but it has a certain grubby charm, and it doesn't overplay its hand.
Tries to say something profound about these kids, while oversimplifying the world around them to the point of ridiculousness.
Steeped in urban-youth woes but gets a bounce from Clark's sense of humor and hope.
The main characters may be refreshingly cliché-free, but almost everyone they meet in Beverly Hills is a stilted cartoon.
This is an improvement in some ways, but losing the edginess also means there's nothing special about this film.
What might have been a fascinating, intimate portrait turns into something much less compelling when Clark tries to impose a sex-and-action-packed narrative on the proceedings.
This film is neither controversial nor interesting enough to warrant much attention either way.
The sexy, scruffy, neo-Warriors pageantry of ghetto teen hunger would have been a lot more vital if Clark didn't have such a class-war chip on his shoulder.
The first half is a striking piece of photojournalism with little dramatic interest, and the second half is a highly contrived narrative that forfeits any claim to realism.
[Clark's] films may be the only truthful ones about some aspects of American adolescence, however we might wish that were not so.
The movie looks great, but there's not much to it.
Clark hasn't exactly gone soft: Never before has he shown us anything quite as transgressive as these brown-skinned rebels sticking it to The Man with the devil-may-care abandon of a frontside 360 ollie executed sans pads or helmet.
Very different than Kids. Where the earlier film was exhausting in its nihilism, the latest retains a good-natured charm.
Though the world is still a rough place to grow up, with these teens Clark now seems willing to concede that the kids are all right.
We learn little about who they are beyond who Clark needs them to be: Latino punks from the ghetto who like to skate.
a bad story poorly told.
The thought of a middle-aged man lurking around a bunch of kids is kind of creepy, but Clark shows some degree of self-awareness.
When a colleague told me I was about to see a new film from Larry Clark, the director of Bully and Kids, I said, 'I wonder how many scenes will pass before we get shirtless teenage boys?' That's one of Clark's rather disturbing obsessions.
...so thinly contrived and poorly executed that one would imagine this was the director's first film.
This thing has it's moments, but only a very few.
Wassup Rockers evokes some of Clark's fetishistic quirks. But you get the feeling that this time around, he's giving his appealing core cast of amateur actors more room to be human.
It's hard to believe this shoddy, dishonest mess is Clark's sixth feature film.
Wassup Rockers could have been a spiky culture clash. When it tries to shock us with its alleged realism, though, it is entirely a bore.
Some moments of off-the-cuff beauty aren't enough to mask the creepy heart of Larry Clark's latest look at outcast kids.
[An] overlong but endearing culture-clash movie.
A photo essay with moving pictures: anthropological snapshots of seven Salvadoran and Guatemalan skaters...[also] may be [Larry Clark's] most immature film.
Hollywood has long stereotyped Latino teens as violent, gangbanging thugs steeped in drugs and misogyny. Wassup Rockers is a welcome and different portrayal of Latino teenagers in America.
[Clark] completely squandered this scenario and these kids.
More than a decade after Larry Clark scandalized the movie world with Kids, he is still pushing buttons with his lubricious insider's view of teenage life.
This portrait of young South Central Latino boys cutting a skateboarding swath through the ritzy environs of Beverly Hills is ultimately more laughable than illuminating, at times approaching a level of camp commensurate with John Waters.
Clark's cast of amateurs gets needlessly bruised in the process of having their lives transformed into art.
Wassup Rockers is amateurish, but without the redeeming qualities found in Kids and Bully.
Larry Clark's latest finds the grizzled shock-meister in a thoughtful mode and a mellow mood.
A farcical, 90210 version of The Warriors.
Clark's portrait of mostly Salvadorian boys who shirk hip-hop and guns for punk and skateboards is fashioned around a series of alternately cutesy and shrill sexually-charged sketches.
This rollicking day in the life of a band of skateboarding Latino punk-rockers doesn't exude the voyeuristic smarm of previous Clark forays.
A thoroughly winning and unexpectedly observant lark.
Clark remains a compelling, primal anthropologist--but there are only so many times you can applaud a one-trick pony






@highlight

As usual with Clark's films, the fixation on kids is rather creepy, plus the plot eventually runs off the rails into camp.