Soporific effort.
Promoting environmental conservation, this bland family film never generates much interest in either its human or animal participants.
A safe, slight film that doesn't possess the chaotic hilarity I associate with Carl Hiaasen's best writing.
The only highlight is a sequence of outstanding cinematography in Florida's Everglades. Oh, and there's one funny joke. But that doesn't make this film a hoot at all.
It's hard to hate a movie that essentially just wants to teach kids to respect the environment especially when that lesson is imparted in such an upbeat manner. But Hoot is also too bland and clumsy to wholeheartedly embrace.
Hoot in retrospect won't really offer your children anything they haven't already seen, and it's just another preachy environmental film that talks down to them. Have you seen Akeelah and the Bee?
The most important thing to know...is that it's co-produced by Jimmy Buffett, who also appears in a small role and provides new music for the soundtrack.
The story is contrived, the transitions are clumsy, and much of the acting is weak.
The least irritating adult in sight is also the least relevant: Officer Delinko (amiable Luke Wilson) tries to help the kids.
This sweet-natured but plodding adaptation of a young-adult novel by Carl Hiaasen could have used a little less broad satire of corporate greed and a few more, well, owls. The critters peep from their burrows for only a few brief moments.
Younger kids will find the pranks and schemes funny, while the enviro-activist theme is an important message to which they may just latch on. The eco-responsibility part, not the venomous snake part, one hopes.
Parents may role their eyes more than once at this flightless film.
An environmentally conscious Newbery Honor novel has been turned into a disappointing and uninspired movie.
The three leads are likable, but they can't overcome a slapdash story or some wild overacting by the likes of Luke Wilson, Tim Blake Nelson, Neil Flynn and Clark Gregg.
It's hard to give a hoot about Roy or any of his furtive feathered friends when they're surrounded by a nest of dreary cliches.
Gets points for sweetness and a nice message, but that's all, folks
Shriner just doesn't have the skills yet to turn lightweight scuffle into heavyweight preaching without bringing down the whole production.
The owls are awfully cute. The eco message is awfully sincere. Beyond that, you probably won't give much of a "Hoot" about this mediocre family movie.
It would be a nice little family film if not for the fact that the young heroes commit felonies in the name of saving the environment.
Holes, Because of Winn-Dixie and now, Hoot. Since we don't really have after school TV specials anymore, these kid novels-turned-hokey movies seem to be fitting the bill.
I can't image any kid getting excited by this eco-friendly kiddie-empowerment flick
A cute movie with good characters, a message about saving the environment, and still enjoyable. Better than the usual drek they try to pass off as fun family entertainment.
The young actors are convincing enough, but the adult characters are so stereotypical, the script so pedestrian that adult viewers are likely to ponder an early escape.
The reason that this film is evil is that it goes into the mind of a terrorist and then says: "Cool!!!!"
It's family-friendly, eco-friendly and puppydog-friendly ... [but] so mild and sluggish it may put viewers pleasantly to sleep.
Unrelentingly sweet, and dull as driftwood.
Jimmy Buffet may be known for his Hawaiian shirts, but there's something undeniably plaid about Hoot.
Endangered as they are, burrowing owls will be disappointed to learn that their cause has been hitched to a movie with little entertainment value, let alone credible strategies to save their environment.
The child actors are bland, the adult characters are forced to act like dunderheads to keep the paper-thin plot going, and the generic-sounding Jimmy Buffett songs are just a little out of sync with the film's target age group.
...the cute kiddie version of an environmental protest song.
There is nothing objectionable in this family film, but it doesn't seem to appreciate the intelligence and savvy of its youthful audience. Kids can spot a silly stereotypical character as fast as the rest of us.
But while Hoot's pro-environment message to kids is certainly worthy, the unquestioning, pro-vigilante angle doesn't sit entirely well.
Fun to watch although falling short of a real hoot, this latest in a barrage of family movies largely succeeds at keeping the kiddies entertained and their parents from nodding off.
The new movie has some of Hiaasen's anti-development vinegar, yet given the milkshake spin of a family-time teen picture.
While the Peter Pan figure is a staple of kids' literature and film, Hoot lacks the attendant sense of fantasy to pull this character off.
It feels a little churlish to pan an environmentally friendly film that presents kids taking a courageous stand, but Hoot is disappointingly lackluster from start to finish.
One wishes that a film about the fight against a bland restaurant chain were more piquant. But movies for tweens, like burrowing owls, are an endangered species that need preservation.
It's wholesome, righteous, but not exceptionally entertaining, even with the soundtrack packed with new Jimmy Buffett tunes.
This little caper yarn's as breezy as a Buffett song (he peppers the soundtrack) and as simple.
The errant subplots go nowhere. The movie has an episodic TV quality so pronounced, I kept expecting commercial breaks.
The movie has a sense of purpose to match its sense of humor.
The movie pretends to take a kids' point of view, but it treats kids like idiots.
I question the message of Hoot, a family movie that tacitly encourages kids to vandalize property and behave like little ecoterrorists.
Hiaasen's sense of humor loses something in the translation. What's side-splitting on the page becomes silly on the screen.
Hoot is a modest hoot, but enjoyable all the same.
There's a kind of earnest ineptitude to Hoot that makes it seem like a cheap TV movie, with bland, virtually unknown young stars.
He [Shriner] creates some charming moments and a few exciting ones, but he can't seem to tie them all together and sustain the pacing.
The movie is unessential at best. But the Everglades -- and the owls that live nearby -- are irresistible.
The goal is apparently a double exercise in heartfelt lessons and deep hilarity, but it's hard to tell because the pace feels so lethargic.
Though the movie is reasonably faithful to the source, Hiaasen's book has more character, and the readers are free to create a better soundtrack of their choosing.
Hoot is safe enough to take your kids to, but you might want to have a talk with them afterward about continuing to go to school and shying away from major felonies.
Its makers will tell you that Hoot is an educational film, but aside from showing that some owls live underground rather than in trees, little knowledge is actually imparted.
This silly family comedy features some of the dumbest slapstick this side of the Disney Channel.
There has to have been a way for Hoot to have preached the gospel of wildness preservation, grabbed a PG rating and still maintained Hiaasen's delirious nastiness.
While Hoot has heart -- subtlety turns out to be endangered.
This is a story about kids and nature, with strong messages about standing up to bullies, facing conflicts and why it is important to stand up for both the people and creatures that need protection.
The characters and situations portrayed never seem clearly defined or mined for comic possibilities. Unlike the clever family film Holes, also based on a beloved book, Hoot isn't always sharp or surprising.
Leaden direction sinks this adaptation of Carl Hiaasen's award-winning novel for young adults.
Hoot tells kids they can make a difference in this world, and that's worth a hundred Ice Age 2's.
it's refreshing to see a movie in which the teenage characters have something on their minds besides getting to the prom, sneaking out to a concert or winning a popularity contest.
the superficial approach to the issues and casual attitude toward dangerous and illegal behavior by the kids undermines the story's credibility.
Hoot has its heart in the right place, but I have been unable to locate its brain.
if you can get past that overt and sometimes overpowering message, Hoot ain't a bad film
This is a film that may inspire kids to become more eco-friendly and/or go out and read Hiaason's novel...
Dumbs down a story that, for what it's worth, was no Holes to begin with… aggravates the book's narrative and moral problems while watering down its charms.
Its target demographic will probably react favorably to it, though I can't say it did much for me, a grownup who notices things like plot holes and logical fallacies.
writer/director Wil Shriner gets so wrapped up in hugging the trees and kissing spotted owls that he forgets to put together an interesting movie that we can enjoy for more than its agenda.
mildly suspenseful and mostly rewarding entertainment the whole family can enjoy.
The movie treats us as if we're all 3 years old, and it belies its supposedly positive message by filling the story with dysfunctional families and a teenager left alone to forage in the wilderness.
A big-screen adaptation that should have stayed on the printed page, where its charms are no doubt better served. Hoot isn't a bad film but it is a shrug-worthy one.
In a time when so many "family" films are lazy or send mixed messages, it's incredibly refreshing to see one that is as brainy, funny, and charming as Hoot.
Hoot may be warm and fuzzy with its adorable owls, triumphant kids and inviting Florida groves. But its forced, innocuous humor is unlikely to amuse anyone but the very young -- and the extremely forgiving.
Based on the Newbery-winning young-adult book by Carl Hiaasen -- the adaptation is rudimentary but generally effective.
The machinations of the evil developers are exceptionally sloppy, and the resolution at the film's end is rather rushed.
Cute baby animals in danger! What's not to love? Unfortunately, quite a bit.
You can see how Hoot would make a great book for kids, but onscreen, it all moves just a little bit too ploddingly.
what environmentalist would put an alligator in a chemically treated port-o-potty?
Shriner's direction has an Afterschool Special blandness, but those mechanical owls are quite realistic.
Trying to be lighthearted, it turns lightweight and bland.
A bright, heartfelt comedy makes it a movie worth giving a hoot about.
Hoot tells a corny but gently humorous can-do tale of three Florida kids who help save a family of burrowing owls.
Hoot has a big heart and a generous disposition, but not much wisdom for a movie about owls.
A modest, lightly comic film that succeeds on sheer good faith.
One more reminder that kids are better off with a book than a middling movie adaptation of a book.
A cross between the world as kids wish it was and children as their parents would like them to be.
The movie's low-key anti-establishment posture is vastly preferable to the knee-jerk fulminations of a Michael Moore.
Shriner fails to give it any real life, and the twangy, laid-back, Jimmy Buffett-heavy score sums up the film's lack of energy.
Of all the attributes that make "Hoot" a terrible movie, it's the soundtrack that's truly bad enough to drive you to Margaritaville.
Wil Shriner tries to adapt a Carl Hiaasen novel about kids standing up for owls and instead proves his ineptitude as a director.
This fun family film, based on Carl Hiaasen's Newbery award-winning book of the same name, has a strong ecological message served with a big helping of giggle-inducing sight gags.
The story dawdles but it has a healthy message to impart about standing up to evildoers.
Lame and preachy.
A blandly generic family film.
Long stretches between comic set pieces are almost soporifically mild.
Don't let the Carl Hiaasen pedigree fool you: Hoot is an Afterschool Special too crummy to give a hoot about.
From the ecological perspective, this family flick may have its heart in the right place, but in terms of intellect it leaves much to be desired.
...deplorable...ludicrous


@highlight

Lacking energy and humor, Hoot is a ho-hum story of eco-awareness that falls flat as a pancake.