Though not without its screwball charm, The Brothers Solomon suffers from a lack of comic inspiration long before the film reaches the third trimester.
mostly unfunny
...benefits from the inclusion of several genuinely funny whacked-out bits of comedy...
The story makes no sense, and the two lead characters are repulsive, but I must confess I laughed immoderately at this clever piece of junk.
Disappointing comedy that takes a single joke and attempts to stretch it over an entire movie, with predictably poor results.
Odd-couple comedy that tries much too hard and, in other ways, not hard enough.
A dismal gross-out comedy.
Relentlessly bad taste.
Oh, brother! Firing blanks in every direction, this tedious vehicle for two hard-to-like comedians is stillborn from the off.
Direction is undistinguished, and the editing leaves far too much room for laughs that never arrive.
A series of musty gross-out gags ranging in sophistication from sperm bank hijinks to sloppy man-on-man kissing, Bob Odenkirk's cringemaker-with-a-heart is a ragged Xerox of Dumb And Dumber that seems incredibly creaky after the summer of Superbad.
The only amusement here comes from counting the imaginary tumbleweeds that so frequently roll across the screen.
Audiences will need an epidural to endure the excruciating pain of watching this geek-and-jerk combo stumble through three trimesters.
Imagines what might happen if Rod and Todd Flanders grew up and decided to have a surrogate child together.
Indeed the exercise in barely-organized stupidity that it appears to be.
It can't be a coincidence that the movie's initials are 'B.S.'
Three gags miss for every one that hits.
What feels like a three-hour descent into boredom is only a 90-minute test of might -- pitting you against unlikable characters, horribly written dialogue, and direction that's as painful as a root canal.
A syrupy fable about love and family? What happened?
The Brothers Solomon is still on the beach with its head in the sand.
The script focuses more on its over-egged punchlines than any genuine attempt to tell a story that might amuse us. And it feels like a one-gag sketch stretched beyond the breaking point.
...oddly winning.
I was so angry at everybody involved in the making of this film. It's just astonishing.
Wanna see a raunchy, hilarious adult comedy? Then by all means go to "Superbad," the not-so-surprise hit about being a teen-ager that's definitely for grownups.
In real life, if you met John (Arnett) and Dean Solomon (Will Forte), you'd probably walk away thinking they were either suffering from some mental disorder or serial killers in training.
A readily-forgettable romantic comedy which, unfortunately, entirely fails to be funny along the way
The film as a whole encounters some bumps in the road, but it is also better than most will be expecting.
The specter of Dana Carvey's film career looms.
A better film would have matched Arnett's seemingly effortless intensity throughout. This okay film does merely okay by it.
It's a moderately funny premise in search of some real laughs.
If anyone is to blame for this bomb it's Forte: He wrote the thing, and one would assume he's the one responsible for those uncomfortable silences where jokes are supposed to be.
Neither Odenkirk's limp direction nor SNL alumnus Will Forte's script -- not nearly clever enough to get away with its questionable gags about matters sexual and racial -- provides much by way of actual plot or comedy.
Odenkirk keeps the absurdity both contained and free-flowing.
It's hard to hate a movie that tries so valiantly to resurrect the career of Lee Majors. But even that noble task ultimately fails.
A strong argument for birth control and 2007's worst comedy to date.
Better suited to 10 minutes of television than 90 minutes of cinema.
Excruciatingly acted and ineptly directed.
The upbeat brothers are full of sweetness and love, but the script is made of taffy, and if you can chew and laugh at the same time, you're welcome to it.
The Brothers Solomon isn't for all tastes, but if you like your comedy a little twisted, it's a satisfying, if imperfect, swig of silliness.
Frankly, this is one of those failures that is doubly disappointing when you consider the calibre of the failees.
The movie doesn't have much visual style or atmosphere, but it does have a kinder, gentler spirit than many gross-out comedies, and that makes it a likable time killer.
The film is another example of how talented TV performers often lose their way in movies.
This is a perfect date movie. If you hate your date.
It works, and has the makings of a cult comedy to-be.
The trick to a comedy like this is to make an audience care about these goofballs, but we're just like everyone else the brothers come into contact with. We simply wish they would go away.
Occasionally, a film comes around that is so bad it's hilarious. This is not that film. This film just plain sucks.
Early on you realize these dorks aren't going to get any funnier, and it's a sinking feeling. Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, noooo!
It's bad enough that Odenkirk can't wring a single laugh out of cameos by funny folks like Jenna Fischer (TV's The Office) or Bill Hader (Superbad), but it's simply astonishing how he squanders Kristin Wiig.
This new goof might have been funnier still if the premise weren't so derivative, so just been there, done that.
This miscarriage of a movie feels more like a overly long SNL skit that never knows when to end.
Who knew 'Dumb And Dumber' would turn out to be one of the most influential films of all time?
Really, though, what can you say about a film where the best performance in the entire thing is delivered by a former six-million-dollar man spending 99-percent of his screen time stuck in a coma?
It won't work for everyone, but it will work for some people. I was one of those people. You might not be. What else can I tell you?
Solomon is episodic and desperate, leaving nothing to get excited about, with the possible exception of the end credits. I was pretty happy to see those sweet babies arrive.
They should make Charles Manson and The Son of Sam watch this movie every single day of their lives until they feel sorry for what they have done.
A decidedly mixed bag, one that never gets over its inherent fault but still makes a mediocre effort.
During the fallow opening minutes of The Brothers Solomon, I started keeping track of how much time would elapse before it made me laugh. Still waiting.
It isn't funny.
There are two Wills in The Brothers Solomon, but there's still no way it's a remotely good movie...a hopelessly feeble comedy sketch cruelly extended to feature length.
At best, it's a five-minute late-night sketch; at worst, a violation of the Fourth Geneva Convention.
The not-funniest comedy of the year so far.
A little like Knocked Up, if Knocked Up were knocked up by Hot Rod and delivered by Dumb and Dumber.
Aforced split-the-baby comedy that proves unwise from its very conception.
These sibs make the dim bulbs of such Farrelly Brothers' comedies as Dumb and Dumber and Me Myself and Irene seem like Mensa Club members.
Forte consistently aims low, even for his apparent target audience of ignorant goons.
Chances are Hollywood won't be making Dumb and Dumbererest, so The Brothers Solomon will have to do.
Feels like a cheapo, soft-R retread of the dimwits' progress from Dumb and Dumber
Shows how far SNL has fallen in its attempt to create original comedy; other times, it makes the Farrelly Brothers seem tasteful.
With The Brothers Solomon, Will Arnett continues to squander the goodwill he engendered as Gob on Arrested Development.





@highlight

Squandering its impressive cast with poorly-directed gags, The Brothers Solomon is a one-joke film stretched well beyond its limits.