Open Season is just about everything that's wrong with modern culture.
Animated animal buddy flick is crude but funny.
Animated children's movies should not glamorize criminal activity and war, but that's exactly what happens in "Open Season"...
Despite inconsistencies in audience and humor, there's enough to like about Open Season.
[A] beautifully animated and funny, if formulaic, odd-couple comedy.
The animation is pleasing and Billy Connolly gives a hilarious turn as a loud-mouthed, bossy squirrel, who has never heard the notion that size intimidates
Decidedly average . . .
full review in Greek
In the end, the hunter becomes the hunted; but wouldn't the animal rights message mean more if you actually cared about the critters?
Lawrence proves much less irritating as an animated bear than he does in his real-life performances.
There's virtuosity here but no magic.
I have to say that the humour here (some of it Pythonesque) is mostly spot on and, at times, mischievously dark.
he animation is so-so, the debt to Madagascar and The Jungle Book blatant, and the jokes thin.
Screened at the IMAX, this is one 3-D movie that absolutely gains nothing from being in the format.
Fatally lacking laughs and a real sense of adventure, this is a sporadically funny and awkwardly animated curiosity.
A couple of years ago, this might have been something special, but with so many talking animal films out there, it just ain't.
At this point, the most we can hope for now is an animated film that doesn't concern breaking out of a zoo of some sort.
Sony Pictures bags a warm and furry comedy stocked with cute critters and gentle lessons about leaving the nest.
...a computer-animated tale best suited for the pre-teen demographic, yet there are enough genuine, high-energy laughs to amuse viewers of just about any age.
[I]t's hard to pinpoint who is responsible for this wretched train wreck of an animated feature. Whoever it was... they evidently worked backward... The result is too coarse for children under 10, insulting to anyone older than that and boring for all.
The film isn't painfully bad, and on occasion it's almost strange enough to pass muster on that score alone.
Slapstick humor, a rehashed plot and generic voice casting.
Is it just me, or are the CGI critters multiplying at an astounding rate?
It's just okay.
It's convention and cliches that drive the new computer-animated movie "Open Season," an overly familiar yet nevertheless likable film that could have been exceptional had it attempted something fresh within the genre.
The artwork is good, but so what? A story is what sells the picture, and here it most certainly doesn't.
That Sony wants to break into feature animation may be an admirable goal, but unless future efforts are fresher than this, it begs the question, why bother?
In Open Season, the bad guys are such caricatures that there's just never any doubt as to the outcome.
Though silly and predictable, this animated comedy has stunning visuals, a catchy soundtrack and charming characters that are family-friendly crowd-pleasers.
Now that we've made one of the best computer-generated talking-animal-on-an-odyssey movies in the brief but busy history of the genre, can we please, please move on?
It's a tired rehash of animation cliches that distinguishes itself only by the extent to which it's crammed full of scatology and gleeful violence to animals, and otherwise panders to the worst instincts of its audience.
A little bit like Over the Hedge, and a lot like the upcoming Flushed Away, in which an animated house mouse is forced to fend for himself in the sewers of London, Open Season may sound a bit familiar, but it is never dull.
With animated movies coming out every other week or so, mediocrity is becoming a rule. Open Season loses more points than most films because of its similarities to Over the Hedge, one of the few kids films that did it right this year.
The tale, is very familiar but is freshened by amusing dialogue, with laughs for both the youngsters and the adults who accompany them.
The Guardian is a tribute to the grit and courage and, moreover, the blessed competence of the Coast Guard pilots and rescue swimmers.
A fun story thanks to animals going 'wild' in a convenience store, cagey squirrels, and the wacky things you can do with rabbits. If it's open season on laughs, this movie bags almost the limit.
It's not deep and not totally original. But Open Season is whiplash quick with the gags and spot-on with the funny voices.
An ugly, painfully derivative and sleep-inducing talking-animals cartoon laced with potty humor.
A story that balances gentle messages with enough goofy anarchy to please any kid.
Open Season is a rambunctious blast. It's Sony Pictures Animation's first full-length feature film and no effort was spared getting it right.
What elevates Season is the wit and enthusiasm of its voice actors -- particularly Kutcher and Sinise. They both sound like they're having a fantastic time, and it's hard not to be swept along with them.
For an inaugural effort, Open Season ain't bad, but the studio shows far more promise with its gee-whiz visuals than it does in the story department.
The movie is a genial romp and because it relies on the gentlest of scatological comedy, it can be enjoyed by all ages.
The film's barely-there lesson of teamwork will ring familiar to parents and children, but it's delivered with humor and simplicity.
Open Season might not even rank among the top five animated films this year, but that's mostly because there's so much competition. It's still a perfectly enjoyable way to spend an afternoon with the kids.
This is a routine animated animals flick, but there are enough zany moments to keep things interesting.
The film wraps mindless cartoon violence and a few fart jokes around life lessons about friendship and responsibility. Kids should like it; parents won't mind it.
Despite its overly familiar plot elements and the excessive time it takes getting to its real story, Open Season has a lot going for it.
Not surprisingly, Ashton Kutcher seems to have found his niche playing the jackass... er... mule deer.
Some theaters are showing the movie in IMAX 3D, which is the way I saw it. The novelty helps, but it still can't bring depth to entertainment this shallow.
If nothing else, the fully rendered digital animation is a vast improvement over the recent duds The Ant Bully, Barnyard and Everyone's Hero.
One of the biggest surprises in this first full-length film from Sony Pictures Animation is how funny Ashton Kutcher is as Elliot.
This debut offering from Sony Pictures Animation has a giddy energy about it and a gleeful sense of its own weirdness.
While the filmmakers here have provided us with a passable tale that is mildly humorous, Open Season breaks no new ground, from neither the animation nor the storytelling.
Within its limitations, Open Season could hardly be better, generating real interest and audience sympathy. And the storyline carries built-in intrigue.
When your most distinctive element is Ashton Kutcher as a one-antlered mule deer, respect has reason to elude you.
Although Open Season isn't the perfect animated movie, it features enough humor and gags to entertain most small kids.
Both Lawrence and Kutcher remain firmly within their standard ranges -- Lawrence is surly but secretly sensitive, while Kutcher is manic yet needy -- and their performances are as nondescript as most of the jokes.
The talking animal movie has become a worse Hollywood cliché than the buddy cop movie. For a while, they were just remaking The Lion King over and over. Now they're remaking Ice Age.
It's astonishing work, the animators working overtime to give their film a look and a feel that's distinctly modern and old fashioned all at the same time.
At any point, do the people involved realize they've got a lot of pretty animated images, no jokes, less story, and voice performances that never click together?
The stylized character design is witty and pleasing; these creatures not only look but move funny.
[T]his is as fresh, as clever, as lively, as huggable, as satisfying as animated movies get.
After months of dreary, brain-addled kiddie flicks, finally one that makes you laugh.
Though hardly the first animated film to tackle the plight of domesticated animals returning to the wild, Open Season is a witty, warmly crafted chestnut that reps a promising feature debut from Sony's upstart toon division.
If you get a chance to see the film in 3-D IMAX, the letter grade goes up a few notches, as the experience of having a giant screen full of Froot Loops flying right at you is the birthright of every American.
Somebody ought to declare open season on these copycat movies, but in the meantime, you could do a lot worse than this bright-looking, lightly amusing excursion from the Sony's Imageworks CG division.
It's not hard to get a six year old to laugh at a poop joke, but somehow Walt Disney made animation for several decades without relying on them.
Martin Lawrence, Ashton Kutcher, and plenty of do-bears-poop-in-the-woods jokes. Do we need this? Is this movie necessary?
The filmmakers are out of ideas, and Season represents their laziest tendencies to blindly follow whatever worked in earlier, better pictures without risking a shot at a genuine test of skill.
Your child will probably go crazy for this imitative mash-up, but you'll wish you had spent your hard-earned money on a good children's book instead.
I guess talking animals aren't always funny.
Bland and uninspired, it's kiddie movie by rote.
Disney never showed, say, Goofy actually defecating on camera, but 'Open Season' does just that with Eliott. And an entire scene is built around Boog's having a b.m.
Periodic bursts of cleverness and eye-popping imagery cant disguise that this is just another movie full of jive-talking computer-generated animals with little new to say.
One of the great pleasures of this movie is the way it takes the physical properties of the real world as a starting point for a wildly, hilarious and fantastically silly extravaganza.
With a slick visual style similar to Monster House, Open Season trots out tropes that recent animated classics have done with more wit and smarts.
It's wittily written and animated, but the lovely painted backdrops look decidedly 2-D in the 3-D version.
No classic but not a disaster...by comparison to the recent competition it hits the target, if not the bull's-eye.
I think this is the seventh animated film in a row that's about a bunch of animals on a death-defying journey from Point A to Point B.
Open Season is one of a handful of recent computer-animated movies that actually stands out in this crowd.
Mischievous and spunky, it's aimed at family fun.
A winsome piece of fluff that is easy on the eyes, the ears, and the heart
Though Open Season is no Shrek or Ice Age, it gets laughs too. It's capable of giving at least the kid part of the audience a good hunter-trashing, bunny-bashing time.
Are the kids going to go for pretty campfires and piano ballads? When even I start thinking some woodland-creature flatulence would perk things up, I begin to have my doubts.
Open Season should be shot and hung on the wall as punishment for subjecting us to more of the same dreadful thing.
It looks good; at times, even great. In fact, Open Season shimmers so much in strictly visual terms that its dearth of genuine wit or ingenuity is almost physically painful to acknowledge.
The film's soulless, computerized mountain ranges can't touch the immaculate, hand-painted backgrounds of old-school Disney. If animation filmmakers are going to recycle, they need to go back. Way back.
Directors Roger Allers and Jill Culton don't trust their material in the two big comic sequences, a sugar-fueled rampage in a convenience store, and a flood, and cut them too quickly for all the jokes to register.
Even kids deserve movies that strive to be inventive and surprising, rather than just lazy, clichéd, prepackaged nonsense.
I never imagined I would be able to not only endure, but even enjoy, the combined presence of Martin Lawrence and Ashton Kutcher.
If you're old enough to read this, odds are the first thing you want to know about "Open Season" is: "How much is this going to annoy me?"
The domesticated-bear-in-the-wild plot is predictable, thin and oversweet.
At least Boog's infatuation with using toilets means that Open Season is an ideal film for small tykes still undergoing potty training.
A fun rollicking movie that'll have you rolling in your seats. Great in 3D.
The overfamiliar Open Season feels like just another CG 'toon in our 'toon-glutted times.
Takes so long getting to hunter torture that you'll find yourself bored to death long before the first animal finally rips off someone's underwear.
High energy and lively performances keep this animated film entertaining, even if there's nothing terribly original about it.





@highlight

Open Season is a cliched palette of tired jokes and CG animal shenanigans that have been seen multiple times this cinematic year.