... fans old and new should be entertained as long as they're old enough to pay attention to what's happening on the screen. Seriously, how bitter are you if you're hating on this?
As it stands, this is a pretty bog-standard animation adventure, with a tradition well rooted in classic Disney fare like 101 Dalmations and The Rescuers.
More understandable than the Transformers plot...they have that going for them.
This instalment has all the sly wit and fine character development -- once again effervescent Pinkie Pie steals the show -- that die-hard devotees treasure so much.
The filmmakers have tried hard to subvert the toys' outdated notions of femininity by turning the film into a celebration of girl power and female empowerment, and the idea works well.
The (unbearable) songs are a mess. [Full Review in Spanish]
When you have a cast that comprises names such as Emily Blunt, Sia, Liev Schreiber and Zoe Saldana among others, you know you're in for a treat.
The movie is clearly aimed at kindergartners (who may be frightened by some of the violent images); accompanying adults, expect to be left squirming in your seats.
... undemanding fare for under-sixes and bronies alike.
... its sugary surface the film offers itself as a guide for little girls on how to navigate the world that lies before them, stressing the need for female solidarity above all.
Tony Award winner Kristin Chenoweth's Skystar is a bundle of energy wrapped in a firecracker packaged in a dynamite.
What is essentially 100 minutes of product placement for Hasbro toys is as loud, colourful and unrelentingly shrill as you could possibly imagine.
Parents, if your children aren't champing at the bit to see this one, don't bother.
Daniel Ingram's big, Broadway musical numbers are epically-produced toe-tappers. The background designs are Ghibli-inspired excellent. And Emily Blunt couldn't invest Tempest with more tragedy and effort if she was doing an Ibsen play.
At the chewy, candy core of this assaulting, shrill, Skittles-hued headache is a well-meaning treatise on solidarity and female friendship.
It just feels like a waste of a talented vocal cast and our nostalgic affection for the ponies themselves to seemingly assemble your film from a series of toy line ideas the marketing team scribbled on Post-Its.
... there's just about enough darkness and irreverence amid the candy-coloured moralising to sustain parents to the end.
It ought to be within the wit of film-makers to create a feature-length animation - from My Little Pony, for heaven's sake - that five-year-olds can watch without the risk of crying.
... just as cutesy and sentimental as you expect it is going to be.
has an almost manic sense of visual intensity despite its traditional two-dimensional hand-drawn characters, and it often comes across like a hyper puppy that is both eager to please and also intent on doing whatever it wants.
There will have been cumulonimbi possessed of greater substance.
It's cute, simple and surefooted enough to deliver a dog-and-pony show that the target audience, at least, are likely to adore.
Enough of the jokes land that it's not a complete grind.
My Little Pony: The Movie is a ceaseless nightmare of forced merriment.
Considering that this cutesy-pie drivel couldn't possibly interest anyone over the age of 7, letting it babble on for an hour and 39 minutes is sheer madness.
MLPTM creators are all too aware they now serve two masters. However kid-friendly the daft plot, its dialogue has been sharpened for a much older, far more cynical clientele. Bronyism hangs heavy over each knowing aside and attempted clever reference.
Insipid.
Business over ideas and exaggeration over technique, end up by configuring My Little Pony as a weak film. [Full review in Spanish]
None of it's anywhere near Pixar quality or the best of the Disney animated musicals, but it's not of the gouge your eyes out, run screaming from the theater experience I was expecting. (Full Content Review for Parents also Available)
It would be more tolerable without the forgettable songs that needlessly pad the running time.
The film is done in the classic 2-D animation style and embraces the flat, colorful, Saturday-morning cartoon look and feel.
My Little Pony: The Movie may not be terrible, but it simply has no compelling reason - beyond more sparkly, rainbow-coloured merchandising tie-ins - for this leap onto the big screen.
... enjoyable for the whole family. [Full review in Spanish]
Parents would do well to skip My Little Pony: The Movie. The better move would be to put their money into some new My Little Pony toys and let the kids imagine much more convincing adventures of their own.
The plot and the characters are limp, but the songs and bursts of colors can attract the youngest ones. [Full review in Spanish]
... the series' distinctive charms poke through, especially at the moment of crisis.
Positive messages, some scary stuff in sweet, sparkly romp.
Imagine eating a giant bag of Skittles, then throwing it all up in a fit of sugar-induced nausea and you'll have some idea of what it feels like to sit through My Little Pony: The Movie.
The animation is certainly richer than the traditional flatness of the regular series, but you have to wonder to what use it's being put.
Pleasantly self-aware and consistently amusing, My Little Pony: The Movie enjoyably transports the bright pastels and sunny disposition of Equestria to the big screen.
Attention The Emoji Movie: Your status as worst animated feature of the year might well be in jeopardy when My Little Pony: The Movie trots into theaters this weekend.
"My Little Pony: The Movie" won't disrupt the Best Animated Feature category at next year's Oscars (despite any potential Brony protests), but for a message of friendship, you can do a lot worse.
My Little Pony: The Movie offers a sophisticated message about trauma and self-love.
I am neither a seven-year-old girl nor a Bronie (look it up), but I can spot a decent film about anthropomorphic miniature horses when I see one.
Most of the film feels like an exercise in creating enough plot to hit the 90-minute mark.
My Little Pony: The Movie has plenty to offer viewers of all ages, it does not require prior familiarity with Friendship Is Magic, and it's quite smart.
It's always nice when a kid's film aims higher than the bare necessities, especially when it's a beloved property that doesn't have to.
Of course, this isn't a Pixar movie... But as long as the kids enjoy it... [Full review in Spanish]
My Little Pony: The Movie is a candy-colored chunk of pure escapism that outshines the cynicism one might feel for a franchise run by a toy company.
By the time Storm King growls, "I'm so totally over the cute pony thing," misanthropes might agree. Yet, its sweetness stampedes over the audience's resistance.
My Little Pony: The Movie is definitely a hit, as it mixes nostalgic storytelling with modern entertainment, to create a truly magical comedy adventure.
The cinematic hug you seek is right here. Everypony, smile.
It's going to leave fans of the series frustrated and everybody else completely baffled.
Some curmudgeonly critics-like this one-will have a hard time enduring the saccharine taste of 'My Little Pony,' but the series' legions of fans-and those legendary 'bronies'-will probably be enchanted by it.
Like its television predecessor, is all dressed up in bubbles and cupcakes and rainbows. But it's so jam-packed with rousing girl power, it passes the Bechdel Test with (literally) flying colors.
My Little Pony: The Movie is as advertised: It's a movie, and it contains ponies.
Visually plain and ploddingly paced, My Little Pony: The Movie suggests four episodes of My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic smushed together with a Sia music video tacked on at the end.
Offers a pleasant message on the value of inclusion and friendship, and provides enjoyably active animation and performances. Fans will certainly flip for it, and newcomers will find it easy enough to digest.
The animated film has what fans of the TV series expect: their favorite ponies on an adventure with occasional songs about friendship and togetherness.

@highlight

Charming and sweet, My Little Pony: The Movie will please its dedicated fanbase, even if it's unlikely to encourage non-devotees to gallop along for the ride.