A film that effectively examines both the familial conflicts in Japan's transitioning society and the wondrous avenues each individual within the family explores.
The family is just one of the nuclear units on the brink of systemic collapse in Kurosawa's mordant contemporary opus, which... builds up an edifice of wit around tragedy.
[H]ere, perhaps more urgently than ever before, it's about what happens when people confront the world outside, and what new, fragile connections they might begin to forge.
The movie slides into a kind of bizarre hyperreality that makes its desperation slightly hallucinatory but, paradoxically, more moving.
There's a lesson in Tokyo Story. The lesson has to do with kindness and human interaction.
A highlight of the Cannes Film Fest, Tokyo Sonata should broaden Kurosawa's appeal in the U.S.
Though far from flawless, it's an adventurous work that is both disturbing and ultimately moving.
A horror film of a different sort from director Kiyoshi Kurosawa, who made his reputation as a "J-horror" director of intelligent supernatural thrillers ...
Japanese horror maestro Kiyoshi Kurosawa applies his offbeat approach to the uniquely Japanese brand of dysfunctional family comedy in this droll satire.
Taking a break from his regular diet of fantasy and horror, Japan's Kiyoshi Kurosawa delivers here a fierce indictment of modern-day Japan.
Kurosawa is the rare director who simply lets his film dissolve into music, allowing the plot to take the film naturally to a musical conclusion.
Kurosawa's relaxed pacing and lack of concern for explaining every last thing will be a welcome relief if you've wearied of blockbusters...
Director Kiyoshi Kurosawa cut his teeth on horror movies, and his flattened, formal style mines the horror in everyday urban life.
Kagawa does the heavy dramatic lifting in Tokyo Sonata, convincingly portraying a good man flailing against reality. But Koizumi is similarly effective, and the brooding child actor Kai is also top-notch.
Kurosawa's first domestic drama is music to general audience's ears.
A skilful and continually surprising drama, Tokyo Sonata depicts the gradual deterioration of an ordinary Japanese family after its breadwinner loses his job owing to corporate downsizing.
The film transcends conventions of genre and cultural boundaries, and turns out to be one of the most compelling, finely orchestrated and oddly enchanting films of the year so far.
The film in many ways is the bleakest indictment of contemporary Japanese culture I've seen. Yet it also functions as dark comedy, fierce character study and uplifting tale of redemption.
Director Kiyoshi Kurosawa (no relation to the master) is best known for his up-market horror films (Cure, Retribution, and many others.) Here he is dealing with a horror of a different sort: the meltdown of the Japanese economy and the collapse of the soc
No quote available.
While the first half of Tokyo Sonata plays like a darkish comedy, the last half is both bleaker and more emotionally engaging.
A realistic social drama, but the story taps deep, cold wellsprings of dread.
Tokyo Sonata, in so many senses, is about an allergic reaction to the very idea of what it means to be Japanese. The characters misplace their belief in etiquette, politesse, dignity, and propriety -- or they struggle to maintain it.
Although Kurosawa is able to balance tones ranging from humor to unexpected domestic violence, his fantastical transition comes a wee bit left of field, requiring his audience to regain their equilibrium.
An extraordinary work in three movements about the Sasakis, a seemingly ordinary family. In this unpredictable work, the clan implodes, explodes, and glues itself back together.
Tokyo Sonata is Kurosawa allowed at last to make a horror film that reveals that, for him, true horror is being content to accept salvation in the life of a sheep.
Kurosawa effectively depicts the present world financial crisis with his microcosmic analysis of the Sasaki family.
It is not a bad movie at all, nor is it graceful.
Kiyoshi Kurosawa switches gears from supernatural horror to poignant social satire.
"Tokyo Sonata" is partly brilliant and partly melodramatic soap opera.
You can't always trust the promotional accolades that accompany some film releases.
The true excellence of the film stems from how clearly Kurosawa makes us see something of ourselves in these characters.
Each performance in this plaintive work is superb, but Kyoko Koizumi's gently melancholy portrait of the businessman's wife keeps Tokyo Sonata true and affecting.
We believe we know where Tokyo Sonata is going. We are wrong.
Only in the slightly overlong last act, as the family's misfortunes become truly existential, does director Kiyoshi Kurosawa take things to another level.
A strong and sensitive drama that is all the more surprising because it is most assuredly not the kind of thing that those familiar with Kurosawa's work might be expecting
So strong a director is Kurosawa that he not only can get away with piling on disasters but makes his picture all the more powerful as a result.
Tokyo Sonata is a bit overwrought, especially in the final act, but it is beautifully shot, features moving performances by the well-chosen cast and has the unity of vision that is the hallmark of an auteur.
The elements sound borrowed from American suburban melodrama, but the tone is cool and measured, with the distanced fascination of a nature show.
A goofy and remarkably topical comedy-drama.
Known for distinctive horror movies like Cure and Pulse, inventive Japanese filmmaker Kiyoshi Kurosawa finds just the right melancholy tone to suit a new and all too familiar kind of horror: economic downsizing.
Worth seeing and hearing.
just as unnerving as his J-horror freak-outs.
The beauty of Tokyo Sonata lies in the elegance in which the film dances between humor and a profound examination of tightly circumscribed lives.
Tokyo Sonata probes Japanese society with an incisiveness and lucidity that renders it all the more relevant and universal.
Kiyoshi Kurosawa's Tokyo Sonata, is an unexpected pleasure -- not only because it's a departure from the J-horror films that made his name, but because it's also a startlingly rich, funny and strong drama, without a hint of the supernatural or unearthly.
For all its oddities, this movie does carry weight, and, with more than eight per cent of Americans out of work, the timing of its release here could not be more acute.
A disconcerting melange, Tokyo Sonata begins rather conventionally before spinning into black comic, almost fantastical, terrain.
An often captivating and engrossing drama with a sensitive, intelligent and tender screenplay.
It's a painfully pertinent subject (although the best work on this is still Laurent Cantet's 2001 Time Out). Yet Kurosawa, while working in domestic drama, gives this his own quirky sensibility.
Although few families are likely to suffer the extreme fate of this one, the well-acted, sensitively told Tokyo Sonata hits home in this time of financial crisis.
The effect of unemployment on a middle-class Japanese family makes for powerful storytelling until an awkward shift in tone about two-thirds of the way in.
Though Tokyo Sonata looks like a family melodrama, there is more than a touch of horror to its story of a downsized salaryman.
So much about the movie is laced with real wit and compassion.
Tokyo Sonata is an Ozuan domestic melodrama and for almost its entire length, it holds together wonderfully as a bleak but rich vision of a contemporary family on the verge of collapse.
Tokyo Sonata speaks to us, with feeling and passion, as one of the most eloquent statements on the world today that we are likely to see in this moviegoing year.
"Tokyo Sonata" is an engaging family drama that brings out the universality of modern existence through a prism of Japanese life.
Tokyo Sonata runs a bit long, and it's tough to laugh when the jobless situation looms large in real life, but this is a brilliantly crafted picture.
Not only a terrifically absorbing comedy-drama but a prescient allegory about how the world works (or, mostly, doesn't) today.
The story falls apart sooner than the family does.
A dry but intriguing piece of work.
The ending is unexpectedly sentimental and comforting, the pace is slow and contemplative but there is enough humour and humanity to keep you watching as it drifts by.
Too long by half, it's still a well- crafted mix of tragedy and black humour.
Had Kurosawa continued to concentrate on such terror in the everyday, this might have become the ultimate credit-crunch chiller.
An extremely impressive and intricate family drama from Japanese director Kiyoshi Kurosawa.
It's a story with a universal resonance right now, but the Japanese setting of Tokyo Sonata lends it a unique perspective.
It is far from perfect, ending melodramatically and arguably even sentimentally, but it is still a powerfully direct piece of cinema, a movie with a rich vein of compassion, humour and narrative drive.
The story he tells is tragic but it never dissolves into melodrama, achieving a balance that proves to be utterly enthralling.
Intended as a satirical commentary on Japanese society, Tokyo Sonata frustrates mainly because its sharper insights are lost in the hotchpotch of ponderous drama and head-scratching farce.
The multiple plotting threatens to pull it apart.
Tokyo Sonata is a subtle and multi-layered affair that aims its guns at globalisation, the Iraq war and social alienation. But, boy, does it take a long time to make its not-so-astonishing point.
The script loses its way with the arrival of an inept burglar but ends on an uplifting note from youngest son Kenji, who turns out to be a gifted pianist.
A touching and acerbic Japanese drama.
The film is very astute about pride and shame, less accomplished in sustaining a coherent narrative.
It's uneven, but memorable in its way.
Emotionally engaging, well acted and impressively directed, this is an eerily prescient Japanese drama that springs several narrative surprises and deservedly won the Un Certain Regard award at Cannes.
... a new level of deep social commentary, frequently in danger of plunging over into the abyss of human foible and despair, finds its incredible resolution in a well-loved solo piano work (Debussy's "Clair de lune") ...
It may be a departure from his recent forays into J-horror, but in this family drama and allegory of contemporary Japanese anxieties, Kiyoshi Kurosawa is still rocking a haunted house.
Another of Kiyoshi Kurosawa's chilling portraits of micro and macro alienation, a family drama as chillingly controlled and despondent as the horror films that gained him international recognition.
It lives up to the expectations implied by its title: acutely observed Ozu-inspired domestic drama, beautiful composed yet unfussy shots, and emotional restraint.
A startling and creative contemporary fable about some of the drastic changes that are rocking the traditional understanding of work and family life in Japan.
The extraordinary thing is the way Kurosawa systematically dismantles the fabrics of the nuclear family.
A quizzical dramedy by Kiyoshi Kurosawa that puts some fresh juice into the waning step of the onetime J-horror specialist.
With this sudden shift in genre and ambition, Kurosawa ends up delivering his best film yet.

@highlight

J-Horror director Kiyoshi Kurosawa turns successfully to dramedy and gives a unique (and specifically national) perspective to the universal subjects of family and identity.