A crazy little film, modest in its scope but grand in its ambition. It paints it's story in loud primary colors, with intense pressure cooker characterizations.
HARSH TIMES is a portrait of a male-dominated world and inChristian Bale's fierce performance, Ayer has found the perfect actor. It's just unfortunate that the screenplay feels like a left-over from an era that has passed.
just like its protagonist, Harsh Times is fatally flawed, but in a manner that still remains compelling to watch.
A movie that seems gritty and pointless for its first third, begins to grow in meaning as the pointlessness snowballs into absurdity and then tragedy.
It's an amazing performance, one of the best of the year, with Bale truly making you believe in this over-the-top character.
Por alguns instantes, o filme parece ter algo relevante a dizer sobre a desumanização provocada pela guerra ou o niilismo de uma geração entediada e descrente, mas constatamos que quer apenas chocar, desperdiçando as ótimas atuações de Bale e Rodriguez.
A gritty, automobile-intensive, buddy flick rather reminiscent of director David Ayer's similarly amoral Training Day.
Harsh Times is dark and brutal, not the kind of film that lures a large audience or garners awards, although it deserves both.
The mix of black humor and pitiless drama makes for a very effective cinematic slow burn
Harsh Times wins in the end by keeping its fingers wrapped tightly around its viewers' throats.
Jim Davis (Christian Bale) may be the most aggressively self-destructive character since Johnny Boy Civello in 'Mean Streets.'
None of these characters are the least bit likeable, and that's the fault of David Ayer, who structures the film as a series of mostly disconnected episodes with a single theme:
Ayer has a feel for the grimy underside of urban life...
Harsh Times is an hour-by-hour diary of two crazy, unreliable, irresponsible dudes trying to find a way to fit into the same society they hate, facing one hurdle after another until they appear to butcher half of Los Angeles.
We don't like the view from this dark place, but is that a flaw or precisely the point?
Bale's wild-eyed menace keeps you watching for a time, but by the grisly end he's just another American psycho.
"Harsh Times" is a tragedy whose finale is obvious right from the start.
As a character study it lacks characterization, and it's too predictable to be an effective cautionary tale.
Ayer's overly flashy direction epitomizes how the film never finds the right balance between too much and too little.
On the one hand, this grinding interpersonal week-in-the-life thriller is an energetic kick in the face, a no-holds-barred pulp fiction reveling in personal demons, muddy self destruction and the kinetic vitriol of doing things not remotely good for you.
Jim is such a psycho and Mike is such a patsy, we don't care about these guys. We've seen dozens of more interesting head cases in dozens of smarter films.
If more action propelled this water-treading plot, Ayer might have produced the mean streets classic that Harsh Times aspires to be.
Christian Bale, who also executive produced, has gone to the psycho well one too many times...
The movie's amusing moments are counterbalanced by a dark and dreary finale that effectively crushes the movie's mood.
The reason to see the movie is Bale who can play slow-burning psychosis about as well as any actor today and is outstanding again.
Despite its flaws, the cumulative effect is powerful...
Harsh Times is so into its own nihilism, it sometimes forgets the humanity beneath the hurt.
...Moral extremes make for an intense, intelligent character study.
Endless scenes of the two guys riding along, venting and cursing and chugging beers play like acting-class exercises, badly written ones at that.
Ayer makes his directing debut with Harsh Times, which is so relentlessly grim that it occasionally goes over the top and invites derision.
For a neophyte director, Ayer displays a lot of style.
A buddy movie shot with artless rawness, yet highly implicative about the wastage of modern street males and the sort of men cultivated by state agencies to be disposable killers, Harsh Times is a B-film with A-level morsels.
...As well-written and acted as Harsh Times may be, you will be relieved when the adrenaline returns to an acceptable level.
Lacking soul, it plays as exploitation, not insight.
It's the rare movie in which audience members will reverently wish for the main character's death from the very beginning.
In the end, Harsh Times feels overwrought -- Ayer holds too many guns to too many heads, and you can only keep viewers in that kind of suspense for so long.
It's true that we don't need to like characters for a movie to work. We should, however, at least find them interesting.
The film builds to a melodramatic finale that would like to make you weep, but by then it has worn out your patience.
Ayer's writing is loaded with wit and malice.
Though Bale has the presence of a young De Niro, and the same volatile edge, he's being asked here to fill out a role that doesn't ring true on any level.
Ayer romanticizes a certain type of true-grit persona and relies on actors tough enough to pull it off.
The slang, the modes of dress, even the styles of fighting all have a high degree of specificity that lifts the movie above most urban crime dramas.
It's an ugly, brutal picture, and it's not about 'times' but rather timeless macho posturing run amok.
Harsh Times opens with a deadly nightmare and ends with a vast bloodbath - in between, things get a little gruesome.
The ending's rather predictable, unfortunately, but the wild ride there is worth it.
...The movie consists of waiting for what you know is going to come. Waiting some more. And then waiting some more.
This scuzzy, profane character piece seems like a shoddy, urbanized knock-off ... call it 'Low Rider Driver.'
...For all its hyped-up acting moments, Harsh Times fails to get under our skin.
This is a powerful film that combines a number of 'what if' situations with some true tragic moments and even a number of oddly funny situations.
...If the movie is a comment on the dire straits of our returning soldiers, it's unconvincing.
Bale is more sparkler than powder keg, though he's only one of many actors who give terribly overblown performances.
Ayer piles on one incident after another of gang-culture posing, histrionic shouting, Taxi Driver-esque craziness and senseless violence, all filmed in lurid smog-o-vision browns.
It takes only a small leap of imagination to get from Jim Davis to GI Steven Green, the 21-year-old alleged rapist-murderer...men like Jim are trying to unwind from something worse than a bad day at the office.
Harsh Times certainly wins points for being a vivid evocation of Los Angeles criminal life; I only wish Ayer had stuck with the almost improvisational feeling of the film's midsection for the whole shebang.
... never manages to find a story in the unfocused, rambling piece, merely cautionary lessons and a scared-straight message.
A series of great acting performances surrounded by a movie with no plot.
If you took out every swear word and all of the "homeys" and "dawgs," the rest of the dialogue would fit on a page or two.
This is the sort of intelligent, daring work the genre truly needs.
Takes off fast and rarely pauses along the way, but doesn't manage to take you anywhere worth going.
[A] sour but haunting tale.
The film amounts to a harsh and perpetual assault on viewers' sensibilities -- not only because of its violence but because of its overall bleakness.
[A] messy, exasperating, but fascinating excursion through the darker corners of neighborhoods at risk -- and of one man's mind.
Harsh Times is almost a good, salty urban thriller.
[The film is] two full hours in which literally every scene but the intriguing opening (Iraq War combat shot through a rifle scope) and the bloody, emotionless finale is both dull and disposable.
The film is basically a two-hour countdown to a predictable explosion. You may enjoy the ride, but you won't remember a whole lot about it farther down the road.
If you're looking for a movie that's a testament to the beauty of the human spirit... don't go anywhere near 'Harsh Times.' If you like Christian Bale, on the other hand, you shouldn't miss it.
An alternately tough and ridiculous thriller.
These are guys searching for what it means to be a man--either a lover or a fighter--and discovering that their friendship will never be the same.
Before Harsh Times I would have sworn that there was no role that could trip up Christian Bale... But even he seems flummoxed by... Jim Davis, ex-Army Ranger, wannabe cop, and homeboy from the dangerous streets of South Central Los Angeles.
Any actor looking to go berserk on screen should track down filmmaker David Ayer.
Few individuals who go off to war and experience its devastation and chaos return as the same person. This factor lies at the heart of what Harsh Times illustrates.
Unpleasantly grim and often nasty just to be nasty, writer-director David Ayer's Harsh Times is more an ordeal than a movie.
A repetitive and pointless stoner comedy, it's never funny, interesting or even tolerable. I've rarely seen so many people checking their watches in a theater.
Bale is mesmerizing and Rodriguez keeps up with him as the whole unsafe contraption zooms.
[Bale's performance is] the kind of vein-popping show-boating that might as well be performed in a mirror.
swims through a fog of testosterone punctuated with infinite variations on the pronunciation of the words "dude" and "dawg" such that those words along with a hail of the F-word, make up the bulk of the dialogue
A vivid but ultimately wearisome portrait of Los Angeles' violent underbelly, redeemed by a powerfully intense lead performance from Christian Bale.
"Harsh Times" is a modern and raw reflection of the disastrous effects of war on the soldiers that survive them and the potential danger they pose.
The only thing holding together the loopily overwrought Harsh Times is its unintentional humor.
Harsh Times sneaks up on you.
The characters are full of holes and inconsistencies, and after 90 minutes of impending doom, the final crisis feels forced.
A tough, foul-mouthed movie, both physically and emotionally violent.
Shot and acted on an adrenaline rush, Harsh Times has the free structure and intensity of a true indie film, but is sometimes just a little off-balance.
Christian Bale proves yet again why he's one of Britain's best actors in this nightmarish, nasty but unforgettable thriller.
[Bale's] character is deeply unsympathetic (he's like every beer-fuelled macho idiot you've ever met) but his performance is never less than compelling because you have no idea what he's going to do next.
[Screenwriter David Ayer] goes for the jugular at all times -- once, quite literally -- and the grainy, handheld camerawork adds to the scuzzy authenticity.
Don't be too misled by the title; for all the anger and alienation it deals in, Harsh Times often feels like a black comedy.
if not predictable, certainly inexorable
Ambitious but unfocused.
There's a sharp edge of attitude and humour in the script that keeps us riveted, especially since it's so brilliantly played.
When your model is clearly Taxi Driver, a lack of directorial flair is especially conspicuous.
...[Bale] delivers one of his best performances...
One of the finest actors working today, Christian Bale creates a character who's both hateful and despicable -- but you won't be able to take your eyes off the guy.







@highlight

Despite a dedicated performance by Christian Bale, Harsh Times suffers from a heavy-handed and overly bleak plot.