The tears are false, the performance is hammy, it's all rather ridiculous, but it still hurts a little, and then you remember what makes [director Bruce] LaBruce so special.
As it is, it's hard to judge this as much more than a PSA for certain audience members: Hey everyone, gerontophilia is a thing that exists.
...there's something lacking at Gerontophilia's core.
While it gets credit for audacity, the film suffers from amateurish performances and ignores the ethical ramifications of its characters' behavior.
This is a comedy that encourages viewers to be impulsive, and pointedly seek love and acceptance outside of "normal" social institutions, especially when it comes to family and romance.
Mr. Borden, an acclaimed Canadian stage actor and playwright, turns in a slyly entertaining performance. But the relationship between Lake and Melvyn feels a bit more one-sided than perhaps was intended.
Gerontophilia has the authentic feel of a little classic.
Gerontophilia is rather reminiscent of a student film, and I don't mean that it has the fire of youth. It is restrained by a rank amateurism that borders on embarrassing.
There are the makings of a poignant Harold and Maude-style drama here, but the movie is so amateurish and eager to be shocking, it just winds up feeling creepy.
Katie Boland is ... a force of nature as Lake's feminist ex - who gets off on reciting the names of her favorite female revolutionaries. But neither she nor Borden can mitigate this film's ultimately creepy premise.
LaBruce ... [is] angling either for tragedy or an arch jab at the coldness of sexual conquest. I only wish he had let his conceit ripen long enough for us to tell.
Better camerawork and a lower gross-out factor than usual seem to have taken the oomph out of bad boy Bruce LaBruce, whose Gerontophilia sports a great title and a funny opening before going all limp.
It may be that, in self-consciously targeting a wider audience (as LaBruce has happily confessed was his aim here), the director's lost a little of his edge in the process.
This tonally uncertain romance is both surprisingly conventional and tame.
Gently challenging (it is the first of LaBruce's films without any sexually explicit content), beautifully shot and rather engaging at times.
The film surfs smoothly on good vibes and lulling moods; Borden, a majestic presence, deserves sterner stuff to wrangle with.
It chooses the delicateness of a fable instead of the narrative recklessness we've come to expect from Bruce La Bruce.
The cast does a good job at playing it straight; Walter Borden is surprisingly tender as the catty octogenarian who steals the young man's heart.
The film seems to be about the wrong character.
An enjoyable but surprisingly tame film about a provocative topic.
A charming, only mildly subversive addition to the director's canon.
Gerontophilia is a simple romance and a rather sweet one if you can get your head around a handsome young man and an old duffer swooning and spooning.
While Gerontophilia hints at serious issues in the way we treat our senior citizens, it keeps things light-hearted, with the high camp of Lake's über-feminist girlfriend and his alcoholic mother providing the laughs.
Bruce LaBruce (working with co-writer Daniel Allen Cox) gets downright cuddly with this impressive, still outré romance. I'm very interested to see what reactions the film receives once it gets broader play.

@highlight

Gerontophilia 's handful of intriguing ideas are let down by tame execution and unconvincing acting that make the movie's premise feel creepy rather than original.