Definitely worth seeing if you like a good gross-out film/ sex comedy.
The movie's over-use of poop and pee is further evidence of its desperation.
At its best, this lewder, cruder spin on last year's "Sex Drive" has a disarmingly daffy shaggy-dog touch a la "Half-Baked" or "The Brothers Solomon." But by the time a woman enjoys champagne spiked with dog urine, "Miss March" is all turn-offs.
Some of the lewdest, unfunniest jokes ever made, and at the end one feels in need of a stiff drink, a hot shower and a lesson in selective amnesia.
A crude, crass, virtually laugh-free sex comedy.
If this film were as racist as it is sexist (which it very nearly is), it would be a buddy movie about the madcap antics of two Klan members on a lynching spree. Appalling. If we could give it zero out of five, we would.
Miss March must be a contender for worst film of the year. It's so poor that you begin to suspect it's a pastiche.
A whiff of what I can only describe as pure evil billows off the screen while this comedy is playing: a buddy grossout picture with zero laughs and a persistent, chilling misogyny.
An almost perfect atrocity. It is a towering K2 of bobbins... the most mangy, noxious, charmless, sexist, racist, unfunny, infantile, stomach-turning, grotesque, clueless, inept and stupid film of the year.
Nothing works. Nothing comes close to working. Even other people's ideas that work in their own films don't work here.
Pure eye-poking, boob-baring raunch that will tickle your inner idiot and wind up everyone else something rotten.
A teen sex comedy that isn't sexy or comic - talk about dumb and dumber...
Cregger is so dull that it might be an improvement if he slipped back into a coma.
So moronic that even plankton would tut at its ignorance.
A dire gross-out comedy that tackles many of the same themes as Adventureland but without an ounce of subtlety or wit.
This "comedy" might be the Worst Movie Ever Seen, even with the aftershock of the Wayans Bros' Dance Flick still lingering.
You'd have to be drunk, 12 years old or witless really want to see this. Hopefully not all three.
Abysmal, laugh-free and frequently offensive comedy whose one or two original ideas are completely overshadowed by smutty, puerile gags and a plot that's so insultingly sexist that you wonder if it's part of an elaborate prank.
Shockingly second-rate and relentlessly unfunny...
It's a strange irony that any movie aimed squarely at an allegedly adult audience usually features enough gags involving feces and urine to delight six-year-olds for hours.
The boys directed and co-scripted, so there's no one else to blame.
A disaster on every level.
Miss March does not have much to offer aside from nudity and sexist humor.
Here's a movie that isn't fit to debut on the big screen.
Hugh Hefner shows up to give an addled lecture after Eugene and Tucker make it to the Playboy Mansion, and you think: Wasn't it just last summer that he so sweetly played himself in The House Bunny?
Cregger and Moore...are a pair of genuine triple-threats: They can't write, they can't direct, and they're not funny.
Millions of brain cells committed suicide last Friday when exposed to Miss March.
I know it's early but this one is already a prime contender for worst movie of the year
Too much of the film consists of predictable, thin banter between archetypal characters designed without enough innovation.
Notable to its wheelhouse-demographic, in that it disproves the notion that every possible mangled male genital sight-gag has already been shown on screen.
Forget waterboarding -- just show Guantanamo detainees Miss March and they'll say anything.
Forget March, this one misses by a mile.
Anyone who goes to see Miss March hoping for a voyeuristic, '80-flavored T&A smutfest will be sorely disappointed.
The movie's aiming for the drunken college crowd but most of the gags have the nervous, giggly idiocy of two middle-school kids flipping through dad's Playboy.
A relentlessly insulting and offensive flick which endeavors to redeem itself via 11th-hour moralizing ony after every frame up to the end had been a wholesale celebration of the debasement of females and the stereotyping of blacks.
The writing and directing team of Trevor Moore and Zach Cregger (television's "The Whitest Kids U Know") take a failing grade on their entree into feature film territory.
Amusing and tired in roughly equal measure.
Parental Content Review
The whole movie feels like these guys watched some other movie 100 times and thought they could do the same thing. So in their head, this is ... hilarious, but not to anyone else.
A witless hodgepodge of gross-out gags that by comparison makes last summer's 'The House Bunny' look like 'Citizen Kane'.
written and directed by Cregger and Moore... they can definitely do short-form sketch comedy, but their handle on the 90-minute movie has a bit to be desired
Road trip raunchfest is ridiculously awful.
A total bomb, worse than the worst movie ever adapted from a Saturday Night Live sketch.
Miss March is, to use the vernacular of the escapist moviegoer, the biggest pile of crap I've seen in ages.
When the movie was going to come out a month ago, it was called Miss February. Then the release date changed, and so did the title. Now it's Miss March. Miss This would have been more helpful.
My blood runs cold at the memory of Miss March, a 90-minute rip-off of the J. Geils Band song Centerfold whose multi-hyphenate creators prove themselves actor-director-writer-failures.
The funniest thing about the monumentally stupid anti-comedy Miss March is that somehow the producers convinced Playboy to sign off on the thing.
If there's a target audience for Miss March, we suspect it would involve people aged around 14, who are male and perhaps stoned. All others: You were warned.
The showpiece gags range from the stale to the grotesque.
Even Craig Robinson can't quite redeem this messy raunchfest.
The month is irrelevant; Miss March would be a dog no matter where it fell on the calendar.
Cregger and Moore not only star in "Miss March," they wrote and directed it too, which seems like a selfless act akin to throwing yourself on a live grenade, protecting any innocent careers around you from getting hit by flying shrapnel.
As an example of Hollywood's utter disdain for women, particularly in movies aimed at young men, Miss March hits a new low...
They've got enough solid material for a half-hour sitcom, including two great, oh-so-politically incorrect lines worthy of integrating into the annals of pop culture, but that does not a feature film make.
Gross-out comedy starring two members of The Whitest Kids U'Know is one of the Worst Movies U'll See. Two buddies take a road trip to the Playboy mansion, defecating all the way. How apropos, since the movie is crap.
The movie operates mainly on a crippling fear of human sexuality, female sexuality, females in general, black people, lesbians and just about everything else.
A pathetic excuse for a comedy [that's] actually ... a feature-length effort to reposition Playboy's brand of squeaky-clean titillation as relevant to young men weaned on internet porn.
Every once in a while a movie comes around that most critics hate and I love. Well here is a movie that I thought was completely hilarious.
So awful as to make heterosexual men actively loathe Playboy.
Overall a raggedy, unfocused affair that wastes both directors' acting talent and feels like too much work between the laughs.
The problem with Miss March is that it isn't very funny.
Miss March caters so heavily to its juvenile audience it forgets the actual humans who should have been at the center of the story.
The whole thing left me bored, and if I'd have remembered to wear a watch I'm sure I'd have looked at it a half dozen times waiting for the torture to end.
The movie starts by letting you know that no low-brow subject is off limits. But then there are long stretches of nothing in between the gross-out gags.
Occasionally genuinely funny in its simple-minded outrageousness, but more often simply lame.
We're the country that gave the world jazz and abstract expressionism and Orson Welles. We invented basketball and hip-hop. Now we export adolescent comedy garbage and hope the world won't notice.
Moore is so offensive to all the senses that you spend all ninety minutes of the movie intensely wishing to punch him in the face.
The best mainstream comedy so far this year. Every time you start thinking how you've seen it all before, you find yourself laughing too hard to care.
...amusing for those 18-to-24 and male but will likely be offensive to many not part of that demographic.
A smarmy premise becomes an unspeakably offensive movie in a mess that is not just disgusting but dull. I don't need a bath after seeing it; I need an exorcism.
When it comes time to wheel Hefner out for his cameo, even he seems irritated by these guys.
uses its R rating as perhaps an eight-year-old would: to drop the F-bomb constantly and to show poop.
Dude, like the only purpose of this film is to like coarsen society, use gutter language, and appeal to the lowest intellect possible. That's like awesome, Dude.
March gets the mean-to-funny ratio wrong; it's misanthropic, smutty, and smug, but with a few notable [Craig] Robinson-engineered exceptions, never even remotely chuckle-inducing.
Been there, gagged at that.
The first post-coma diarrhea joke was cringe-worthy. The third post-coma diarrhea joke was merely nauseating.
Without a Friedberg/Seltzer offering this year (fingers crossed), I can wholeheartedly declare Miss March as the worst film of 2009.
This Playboy fantasy farce is one of those painful comedies in which the strain to be funny shows -- always.



@highlight

Even by the modest standards of the teen sex comedy genre, the crass, poorly-made Miss March misses the mark.