Should we require a satire of misogynistic violence executed in the name of creation, we do not need it from Aronofsky, who is all extremes, no nuance.
mother! will leave you destroyed and slightly numb but it is certainly worth the price of admission.
Part horror story, part existential ponderance and ever doing cinematic backflips, mother! is a movie that certainly won't be everyone's cup of tea. But those who see it will be held rapt from the very first frame to the film's fiery crescendo.
[Darren] Aronofsky wants mother! to have the intensity and inner logic of a sweaty nightmare. But it's a fake cinematic fever dream-the kind made by a director so self-conscious that he's always checking his own temperature.
When you eventually see this you may hate it, but you can't say it isn't brilliant.
Here is Darren Aronofsky's most powerful film to date, and the same goes for Jennifer Lawrence.
With its desperate -- would that it were ironic -- titular exclamation point, Aronofsky announces nothing more than bombast, and delivers exactly on that promise.
Whether you love it or hate it, mother! will leave you shaken and inspired...
Mother grabbed me from the beginning, and from my interpretation of the movie, I really liked it...I can see this movie aging very well for me.
If it's silly as biblical allegory it's potent as a comedic parable about the selfishness and egoism of the process of (male) artistic creation...
The shocks aren't there for the sake of it.
At the very least, though, you won't be bored.
In a climate where we are quick to diminish and disown artists for forcing their brutal honesty on audiences, "Mother!" is a challenge worth facing.
The film is ugly, disturbing, and not for everyone -- it's also fascinating, thought-provoking, and rich with religious allegories.
This isn't just a haunted house story; it's more elemental than that.
mother! begins rather slowly, but by the end it's a swirly, surreal, shockingly disgusting head trip that is pelting you with allegories and freakiness.
Aronofsky is once again challenging audiences in the maniacal, extreme way he has perfected. Prepare for unabashed, unforgettable madness
Everyone thinks they're Mother in this. Most people aren't self-aware enough to realize they're the horde.
... mother! gives the feeling of being a first script treatment, full of ideas and symbols, but that would have to be polished and be more concise. [Full review in Spanish]
It's truly an expressive art piece at a surprise auction. Bidding starts at "intriguing" and is sold at "at least it made you think"
mother! is a unique film to say the least but it should never have been marketed as a horror film nor should it have had a wide release
An ambitious, audacious failure...
An exemplary, psychological horror, whose nihilism is two sides of the same coin - obvious and nuanced, frightening and darkly funny, hopeful and pessimistic.
Lawrence and Bardem deliver adequate performances, but the plot and story are one big heap of confusion.
Darren Aronofsky's awareness of his own directorial grandeur ultimately turns it into a self-referential, hallucinatory trip.
There is still something disturbingly riveting and artistically creative to see here.
"mother!" is a battery of your mind and soul. It's a film that's easy to respect and hard to like.
God and religion are simply the stage on which Aronofsky's anti-patriarchy message is set.
... it's genuinely harrowing.
Mother! suggests white patriarchy cannot be bargained with, it cannot be appeased, we cannot share space with it, and we cannot tactically choose the "right" battles-women need to take either back the house or burn it down.
A frenetic and visceral outcome... [Full review in Spanish]
mother! is a film that will not leave anyone indifferent, whether it leaves a good or bad impression, which is one of the most marvelous elements of cinema. [Full Review in Spanish]
Ultimately, you may be left pondering not so much the allegory as to why [Darren] Aronofsky would want to push not just his audience but his girlfriend through such an extreme wringer.
The story that is subject to this deluge of symbols is as simple as elaborate and therefore the result is as simple as elaborate. [Full review in Spanish]
... demands of the viewer something more than putting together a story... [Full review in Spanish]
Darren Aronofsky reaches its zenith as director... making one of the most provocative films that has been seen in the commercial cinema in a long time. [Full review in Spanish]
Aronofsky's controversial new film is all we expected: a grandiloquent artifact of fine composition and redundant content. [Full review in Spanish]
On the whole, Mother! is the presence of human tragedy with the disappearance of ethics and humanism. [Full review in Spanish]
It's horrifying on many levels-and yet there's something deeply admirable about it.
It is simply a work worth appreciating for the courage with which it is made. [Full review in Spanish]
Although some moments are grotesque, the work of Jennifer Lawrence is impeccable. [Full review in Spanish]
One may wind up concluding that by far the most terrifying thing about Mother! is that Darren Aronofsky seems to be Hollywood's idea of an intellectual, our own brainy, home-grown auteur.
There is something about mother! that makes you think, that makes you stop and relive the entire film in your mind.
The first half is surprising and rather good, but the second half is a chaotic, indulgent and eventually rather disgusting mess.
A film that is overwhelmed by its own ambitions, behind which is a filmmaker drowned in a whirlwind of ego torrential swirl. [Full review in Spanish]
You have to see it to value it for yourself, because it seems unthinkable to me to be able to recommend it or not to anyone. Its mixture of fascination and despair is just as special. [Full review in Spanish]
Overwhelming, crazy, nebulous and unbridled allegorical. [Full review in Spanish]
Lawrence is terrific, expertly essaying a role which must appear realistic, even if the setting is phantasmagoric.
Insufferable dark mystical allegorical thriller about creating art.
This lofty, pretentious, intellectually and emotionally grueling experience arrives machine-tooled to annoy as many people as possible, on as many levels as possible, down to the flagrant disregard for upper case lettering reflected in its title.
A dignified effort in Aronofsky's struggle to grasp and express the elusive concept of God. [Full review in Spanish]
Aronofsky can prove to be very skillful with the psychological or even physical construction of his protagonists, but here the philosophy, to define it in some way, falls outside the frame. [Full review in Spanish]
It's good to see someone risk a lot, even if the result is as problematic as Mother! I'm glad I didn't wait for the screener.
Mother! doesn't have a story. It's merely a collection of strange images and bombastic sound effects cobbled together in the hope that we'll make our own justifications for its obscurity and ineptitude.
mother! isn't the Aronofsky masterpiece viewers were hoping for, and it's not the disaster it could have been either. Regardless of your feelings toward the film, one thing remains clear: It has people talking, and that's exactly what Aronofsky wanted.
This is about as self-contained as a movie can get, but it's also a stupendously tense, disturbing and powerful piece of filmmaking, with Aronofsky in full command even as the world seems to spin off its axis in the final half hour.
A riveting and moving look at the power of creation, the price of devotion and the obsession that lies at the heart of all types of love.
It's not surprising, that a male director relying on a metaphor about women - one that's already been ground into semantic dust by both Captain Planet and your local granola hocker - couldn't come up with something more subtle.
It's unique, different and obtuse, no doubt about it; but that doesn't mean it works. [Full review in Spanish]
In a culture that increasingly values only childish power fantasies, movies like this are to be protected and highly regarded. Just not liked.
Although it's absolutely not for casual moviegoers, "mother!" is mandatory viewing for anyone remotely serious about the medium.
The way to respond to a challenging movie like this, and to those who share its worldview, isn't to dismiss them - mother! is far too ambitious and interesting a film for that.
mother! is a film that is going to demand multiple interpretations.
With mother!, Aronofsky seeks, in a wild and uninhibited way, to give shape to the essence of creation and destruction, to the chaos that surrounds and envelops us. [Full review in Spanish]
It doesn't all work; long stretches, in fact, don't play at all. But it's formally impressive and deeply disturbing, and the mere fact that it exists at all is a testament to either Aronfsky's salesmanship, Lawrence's star power, or both.
Darren Aronofsky delivers one of his most daring films with endless metaphors and disturbing sequences. [Full review in Spanish]
Damn straight I like this movie.
both an artful examination of exploitative relationships and an exploitative con job on the viewer.
What sustains and nurtures creativity? Aronofsky understands the cruelty of genius.
At times horrifying, at times riveting, at times baffling, and at times like nothing you've ever seen before.
[Darren] Aronofsky confronts the brutality of fame and fandom and the conflict they present in our growing society of individuals whose social reflexes have evaporated and whose self-worth is dependent on external forces.
Aronofsky's mania for various tribulations never finds a higher meaning, and his emphasis on female discomfort (Lawrence looks zombified, both clueless and hypersensitive) makes him the perfect filmmaker for the Hillary Clinton era.
The dialogue is riddled with clichés and the plot is predictable, but the chase scenes are better than Logan Lucky's and the pulse-pounding, terrorist-stomping narrative will hold your interest right until the end.
The horrors of Aronofsky's world have little to do with the traditional scares and found footage trends that have come to dominate the nightmares of the 21st century.
Mother! is likely to have divided the audience into the angrily alienated, the cultishly devoted and the simply baffled.
mother! is an unpleasant experience. Frequently distressing and gloomy, the movie has a first act that unsettles us, a second one that bothers us and a third one that comes close to being unbearable. I loved it.
The film's pretension becomes cumbersome and reliant on the audience buying into its "ambiguity."
As with many of his other films, Darren Aronofsky's mother! teems with sublime metaphors.
What can be said is that watching it personally felt draining as the credits rolled and probably won't be one I'll return to again for a long time.
But the tight, ever tighter camera overexposes [Jennifer] Lawrence's face. You're reduced to spending an hour or so counting the moles on her neck.
After all, the meditative, mystical Darren Aronofsky who made The Fountain and Noah is all well and good, but I much prefer the face-melting, bad-acid-trip, this-movie-is-eating-my-brain Aronofsky.
Is this film one long, twisted, metaphorical apology from auteur [Darren] Aronofsky for the toll that his creations take? At least mother! has enough serpentine freakiness to writhe away from such easy explanations.
Brilliantly crafted, perversely hilarious and also something of a chore.
[mother!] resembles all the great symbolist films because it's one of them.
It ultimately comes off as undisciplined, as if the filmmaker couldn't be bothered to think it all through, which suggests laziness and lack of focus rather than artistic daring.
Not since Scream 2 has a movie with a top-secret plot made you feel so dumb for ever caring.
mother! is a film that demands to be seen and reckoned with.
Yes, there's some real top-level allegory going on here, but it's not necessary that you unravel all the layers to enjoy the movie.
The film is a one-size-fits-all allegory, gloriously visceral in the moment but too easily decoded to endure.
Soup is... the perfect word to describe this pretentious mess of a film. It is full of vapid characters and overwrought imagery, which Aronofsky seems to think add up to allegory.
The gutsy [Jennifer] Lawrence [is] badly miscast as a shrinking violet.
It's brilliant, horrifying, dreamlike, and has a helluva lot on its mind. Chances are you'll be trying, in vain, to get it off your mind and out of your own dreams for some time to come.
It's a real widening gyre of a movie, set adrift by the vicissitudes of both theological and cinematic history, with no human center to hold it down.
Not for everyone so be warned but Darren Aronofsky has created an intoxicating and polarizing movie like no other with a superb Jennifer Lawrence as our guide into sheer madness.
A beautiful and indelible work of film. A relentless cinematic allegory. The work of a visionary. [Full review in Spanish]
Darren Aronofsky's latest, starring Jennifer Lawrence, is a horror film. And a damn fine one at that.
It's exhilarating. It's horrifying. It's the closest mainstream cinema has gotten to 'extreme cinema' in years.
Darren Aronofsky's Freudian allegory is nowhere near as interesting as Black Swan.
Films that are great usually live with you for a while, demanding your time as you comb through them for exactly what they mean to you. mother! is one such film.
This is an original film, and I have not seen its equal this year. This is like the work of a mad genius. It is a twisted masterpiece of a film that never lets the viewer become comfortable. It pushes every boundary.
I don't want to invest another minute of my time thinking about Mother! I respect Aronofsky's gutsiness, and Lawrence's as well, but I found the movie to be an ordeal. All I want is to move on.
Disorienting moments aside, Aronofsky delivers an atmospheric and intense tale.
The film wears out its welcome fast.
Marketed as a supernatural thriller, Aronofsky's latest is a black comedy about what it means to play muse to creep artist ... Doesn't attain MOAB stature but still the most indulgent film from a major director in a good while
If Polanski ever managed to make a movie of Sylvia Plath's journals, the ones burnt by Ted Hughes after she committed suicide, and filmed it while high as a kite, the results might feel a little like the gonzo, bugged-out finale of this film.
I hesitate to label it the "Worst movie of the year" when "Worst movie of the century" fits it even better.
Disciples of the filmmaker will surely preach about and argue over the film's message for years to come. But one thing is certain: Mother! is a nightmare.
An unsettling psychological thriller that goes for broke, and I admire it for both its unceasing momentum and stunning audacity
If you gave an extremely bright fifteen-year-old a bag of unfamiliar herbs to smoke, and forty million dollars or so to play with, "Mother!" would be the result.
When absurdity takes over in the final third, mother! becomes wildly fun and certainly unforgettable.
It's like a bad student film made by someone who's trying to emulate the great directors of classic mindf*cks without understanding what made those classics so great to begin with. A sure-fire awards contender----at the Razzies!
Intriguing from the first frame to the last, this is the sort of film that resonates with you long after the final credits roll, a work that begs to be seen repeatedly in order to unlock all the director wants to say.
The feelings mother! provokes are quite profound and intense, even if the message is difficult to decipher. Maybe you only take from this film what you bring with you.
It's like a long, confusing parable where Jesus doesn't stop to explain its meaning afterward.
Impeccably, even ingeniously realized, it is a thing to be admired for its visual and intellectual daring.
If I'd seen this unhinged, art-house horror on TV I would have probably turned it off after the preposterous opening half an hour. But by the end it had completely won me over.
Mother! is abstract and experiential rather than naturalistic, a thundering, aggressive blast of misanthropy that takes place outside reality and makes more cosmic sense than literal.
The plot is inconsequential because in the end it all results in a hodge-podge of provocative images (some sickening) that add up to little more than a big WTF yawn.
It's a safe bet this won't make Brad Pitt's top ten of the year.
The further away I get from Mother!, the closer it moves to my heart. It's a delirious, disgraceful experience - just make sure you give it space to breathe.
Grim and grotesque, it's yet another, increasingly hysterical instance of pretentious, self-indulgent torture-porn with pseudo-religious overtones.
A miscast Jennifer Lawrence plus no coherent vision from Aronofsky. An empty shell of a movie.
The skill that went into crafting mother! is undeniable ... but so is its unpleasantness, its aggressively nihilistic and misanthropic ugliness.
Overheard at TIFF: So (the studio) probably gave Aronofsky a (boat)load of money and said, 'Make whatever you want.' That sounds about right. monstrous!
It's too bad it doesn't work.
At one point the house becomes a kind of theater for all the chaos of modern life: terrorism, protests, religious fanaticism, militarization run amok. Did we mention this movie is pretentious?
This is more a film to admire for its audacity in throwing everything into the proverbial kitchen sink.
... admirably tries to inject moral complexity into a familiar scenario, but overall is more pretentious than provocative.
The destruction of the planet is an obvious cause for concern, but so too is another movie with violent imagery directed at women, beautifully photographed, once again written by a man.
An experimental film that's lost sight of what the experiment was supposed to be, a thematic treatise playing peek-a-boo with its themes.
A bonkers fever dream of epic proportions with overt religious overtones that will leave the faithful and less so alike puzzling over what it all means.
An amazingly uneven and increasingly hysterical horror/melodrama that is so over the top that even the central performance of Jennifer Lawrence can't redeem it.
'mother!' is one of those movies where you know from the outset that, while the world on screen may appear normal, something is definitely off-kilter.
All the big-picture symbolism would be all for naught but for Lawrence's very specific, heartbreaking humanity.
You can do all things right, and fail. Mother!'s irritations are an itch its virtues can't scratch.
mother! is a film certain to be revered by some and reviled by others. And while I'd place myself mostly in the former camp, plenty of reasonable people will find themselves in the latter.
Once more, with feeling: "God? It's me, Darren." Each strand of madness is there to be relished, even if it will make some viewers seethe.
When I saw the TV trailer for Darren Aronofsky's Mother! I thought it looked like a pretty decent horror flick... But now that I've seen it, I don't know what the hell it is.
[Jennifer] Lawrence is brilliant and suffers soulfully like a latter-day Joan of Arc.
Lawrence's exceptionally moving performance, the one subtle thing here, is probably all that makes the film bearable.
This is a psychological and allegorical powerhouse that attacks your sensibilities with evocative imagery and rich symbolism.
Absolutely brimming with artistry and ambition, but is so punishing and painful to watch that it feels impossible to recommend to a friend for fear that they'll ultimately blame their inevitable, crippling, post-movie PTSD on you.
The non-stop hysteria grows wearisome and Aranofsky's big ideas feel frankly sophomoric. The Judeo-Christian tradition's sado-masochistic and misogynist streak was a bold target for Luis Bunuel, but not so much today.
With Mother! Aronofsky has created one of the most daring studio films of the year.
If you're going to shake your fist at the heavens, you may as well do it with some style.
Darren Aronofsky's latest mind-bending, psychologically dense feature Mother! is an indescribable piece of lurid pulp fiction that has to be seen to be believed.
What makes mother! brilliant is that it is open enough to read and project your own experiences onto it, which makes it deeply personal and universal.
With Mother!, Aronofsky huffs, puffs and damn well tries to blow the house down. But this time out, I found myself wondering whether there was anything more to the movie than the ominous howl of all that huffing and puffing.
It is rare these days to find an American film that surprises you and that does not announce its intent from its opening frame. I love the fact that at no point did I know where Aronofsky was taking me and that I could not predict what was to come.
Aronofsky wants, above all else, to make people think deeper than the film's surface plot and provoke discussions on everything from climate change to the power of creativity.
Experimental, bold, creatively dangerous, and over-the-top crazy.
[Mother] is all too often a hateful, deliberately incomprehensible experience, and altogether about as pretentious as, well, most of Darren Aronofsky's other movies.
Is it a far-reaching indictment of America's lifestyle consumerism, or just a movie about how far Aronofsky has his head up his ass? Is it brilliant? Is it terrible? Is it both? It's Mother!
Parts of mother! are maddening, even obtuse, and yet Aronofsky plays it fair.
Yes, points for being original. But why is it so boring and unpleasant? Calling Lars von Trier. All is forgiven.
An unquestionably brilliant movie, even if its initial effect is less than brilliant.
It's thrilling to see a major filmmaker and major movie stars explore [these ideas] so boldly and with so little regard for convention.
It would be difficult to find a filmmaker who has more contempt for his audience. He shouldn't be trusted with either a keyboard or camera, much less the budget to make a movie.
Horrifying situations in surreal, escalating nightmare.
This pseudo-intellectual psychobabble is a desolate, dystopian view of society. The ending is as disgusting a stretch of film as you will ever see.
mother! is an ambitious work that bucks traditional storytelling techniques with its aspirations, but its approach will not be for all moviegoers.
The metaphors are slathered on far too thick, pretty much to the same disappointing depth of the all too apparent pretentiousness in play. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, Nudity, etc. - also Available)
Aronofsky has made something brutal and funny, a maddening prank on those who take their stories too literally.
The lack of real characters leaves us to contemplate the movie's thick Biblical underbrush, its familiar environmental messaging, and its escalating surges of noise and nastiness.
A horrific and chaotic but easily-decoded allegory about the creative mind and the artist-idea-artist/muse relationship.
Darren Aronofsky's symbolic tale of a young woman besieged by barbarous intruders in her own house is so extreme it makes his Black Swan look like a Merchant Ivory film.
Never has so much on-screen violence left us so utterly bored.
Aronofsky is taking a long look in the mirror andseeing the creative monster stare back at him... it's over the top.It's repulsive and ugly. It's abusive to the audience... Aronofsky is giving us the finger as well as an axe to the forehead.
For Aronofsky, the picture comes dangerously close to self-parody.
If you're game for it, "Mother!" is another of Aronofsky's ominous extravaganzas.
It feels like an extended scream of existential rage hurtling along a foaming stream of subconsciousness.
The world is lucky to have Mother! I am lucky to have witnessed it.
It's a tough nut to crack, but it's a trip to trying to break it open. Exclamation point earned.
However you interpret the flick, at the very least it will have you talking.
"mother!," for this viewer, felt long and punishing; artful yet self-sabotaging, eventually crumbling. I never looked away - but I never want to see it again.
Mother! starts as elegantly as Black Swan and concludes as grotesquely stupidly as Pi, but you can't take your eyes off it, for good and ill.
Aronofsky has created a work that plays as if Guillermo del Toro was directing a play by Harold Pinter.
Aronofsky's phantasmagoric fantasia on art, fame, success, religion, politics, technology and the cult of celebrity erupts relentlessly and furiously. It is the angriest, and one of the most dynamic, films I've seen this year.
Even when Aronofsky doesn't have much to say, at least he says it with gusto.
Mother, an exercise in torture porn, may be the vilest movie ever released by a major Hollywood studio.
It is not so much a movie, more an endurance test.
A gruelling experience that heads off the rails and feels more like personal therapy for director Darren Aronofsky rather than a film for public consumption.
[Darren] Aronofsky, who also wrote the screenplay, nails five of the common qualities nightmares share.
They say necessity is the mother of invention. Well, writer-director Darren Aronofsky's mother! certainly is inventive.
I can't remember the last time I woke up still thinking about a movie the next morning.
It's a film maker seeing how far he can push you, not realising that the line was passed about half an hour in.
Hell is definitely, defiantly other people in Darren Aronofsky's extraordinary new movie.
I cannot bring myself to recommend [mother!] despite my admiration for Aronofsky and the actors.
This is the sort of film that likes to pull the rug from under you and reveal a gaping void of unimaginable horror. It's certainly not comfort viewing.
The honesty might be real and raw and compelling, but you're also left having to figure out if you'll ever be able to look at them the same way again.
"mother!" is undeniably a wild, memorable ride. It's a Rorschach test of a movie to interpret however you like.
Exquisitely crafted and boundlessly ambitious, mother!'s reach exceeds its grasp, a failure that impacts both itself and all of its potential progeny.
This is not your Friday night, popcorn-and-Red Vines kind of movie, but easily the most divisive film a major Hollywood studio has released in decades.
Bravo, Mr. Aronofsky and bravo everyone who helped birth something as insane and personal as Mother! into our cookie-cutter world.
On its most superficial, accessible level, mother! is squirm-inducing fun.
Pretentious and self-indulgent.
With this brash, ludicrous, bludgeoning film Aronofsky has made a work that embodies the pervasive feeling that no domestic fortifications can hold the day against what's on the horizon.
Buoyed by an emotionally acute lead performance by Jennifer Lawrence as the uneasy half in a couple, the film has no end of palpable elements: caustic social comedy, oozy household horror and brazen satire all rub uncomfortably up against each other.
Mother! - Darren Aronofsky's beguiling, frustrating new thriller - is the kind of movie that makes me want to avoid the internet for a century.
Aronofsky ratchets up the tension by degree, employing claustrophobic camerawork and a sound design that slowly turns from minimal to maximal.
The first hour is more or less effective, but the second part is an unintelligible coven that only manifests the presumption of the director. [Full review in Spanish]
I still don't fully understand how I feel about Aronofsky's latest, but hell, if you're into this kind of crazy, mother! might just be for you!
Whatever the film is, it's a strange, confounding, and unique experience, for sure.
Mother is, if no other thing, a true tour de force
When the film leaves the realm of the impolite or even criminal for something far more extreme, it achieves a level of excess that makes the whole enterprise increasingly cartoonish, rather than just awful.
This is a movie that we experienced as thrilling for the first hour and annoying for the second; the annoying part was likely just our own longing for a recognizable narrative structure.
It's plainly nuts(!). But, that said, it is never plainly dull. I was not Bored.
While Aronofsky's artistry is at an all-time-low, it's his misogyny that makes the film abhorrent.
Although Darren Aronofsky's mother! can be an exceptionally frustrating film, one never doubts that behind it there is a vision of what it all means.
Darren Aronofsky's Mother! is a masterpiece that might make even fans of extreme horror movies wince. It's stylish, complex and superbly acted by Jennifer Lawrence, the titular mother.
It's hilarious, and horrifying, and preposterous all at once.
Manages a few effective moments but winds up as less a genuinely creepy haunted house thriller than a silly, self-indulgent allegory about the torments that bedevil the artist as he strives to give birth to a masterpiece.
This is the director's first feature in which he is also the sole writer. The result is a movie in love with itself. Whether you share in that passion is an open question, and one mother! almost doesn't seem to care how you answer.
You don't need a notebook or a theology degree to understand, on a fundamental level, the deeper sense that this violently irrational movie is making. It comes together beautifully in your head even as everything else seems to be coming apart.
With its constantly prowling camera, shrewd cuts, astonishing set designs and the promise of something awful lingering on every scene, mother! makes a magnificently immersive thriller, but a superficial one.
It was supposed to be an edgy, innovative, horror-mystery experience. Instead, it's a big pretentious pile of piffle.
Darren Aronofsky ("Black Swan," "Noah") pulls out all the stops with this intense dose of horror, a shattering metaphor for humankind's assault on Mother Nature
The director of "Black Swan" and "Noah" combines both to come up with this tough-to-categorize movie.
Naysayers will no doubt argue that "mother!" is an incomprehensible mess. But as sheer visceral filmmaking, it's a must-see.
Lawrence pouts and screams and cries with great gusto. Her eyes dart about with mad fear at the lunatics who have invaded her house. It's a big performance, but not a GREAT big performance.
While it carries echoes of work by provocateurs including David Lynch, Roman Polanski, Lars von Trier and Luis Buñuel, there's nothing like it in terms of overall style and imagery. This is a film completely on its own.
mother! defies easy description, and with every incendiary moment it takes viewers on a wildly unpredictable, terrifying, darkly comic ride of Biblical proportions...
This might be auteur cinema, but it's also auteur cinema that exists to tear that idea to shreds and dissect its most fragile inner parts.
Even Lawrence's magnetic powers can't keep "Mother!" from going off the rails, which at first occurs cumulatively, then in a mad rush during the film's outlandish climax.
Make it simple--until Mother! insists on making sense, it had the makings of a crazy classic. What's left now is a wild and loony film-set love story whose denouement remains to be seen.
It's a terrific horror movie and the most twisted improv game you've ever seen.
In truth, mother! can be about whatever you want it to, making it one of those rare films that you can appreciate without actually having to enjoy any second...
A maddening, nerve-shredding masterstroke of auteur ballsiness, "mother!" is writer-director Darren Aronofsky's jolting answer to cinematically capturing what it is like to be trapped in a nightmare.
It's hard to recall a director who is so transfixed on the human condition and pairs it with such a galvanizing meditation on violence and our place on earth.
However strange you've heard "Mother!" is, I guarantee it is much stranger.
A mind-bending psychological-thriller-cum-home-invasion-horror (OK, it's actually quite unclassifiable).
The exclamation mark is Aronofsky's - the reaction will be yours alone, this being a film that prides itself on its ability to rile and divide.
Feverish, intense and surreal, it's a film that burrows deep into your subconscious, like a nightmare you can't escape.
Mother! is a mentally exhausting slog that is likely to prompt walkouts. But those who stay and tough it out will be rewarded with a provocative dark fairytale that will challenge you weeks after the credits roll.
From walls that beat like a heart when they're touched, to a freewheeling third act that has to be seen to be believed, mother! is a movie driven by emotions and experiences.
A Horrible, Unpleasant, Infuriating Movie No One Should See
The sort of wildly original beast I wish we had in cinemas more often.
Mr. Aronofsky's visual wit and dexterous, disciplined camera movements create frissons of comic terror.
It is intriguing, frustrating, bizarre and over-the-top - way over. And yet when you leave, you can't deny: There is a lot of movie going on here.
It's almost unbelievable that something this narratively arty is being released as a mainstream horror movie, but the filmmaking ranks as some of Aronofsky's most skillful.
My heart has not stopped its anxious pounding, nor my head from spinning since seeing this film.
Mother! is a riot of religious symbolism, of-the-moment socio-political valences, and references that attempts to unite themes from nearly all of Darren Aronofsky's work.
The overall effect is both desperately cryptic and preciously pointless, like repeatedly taking a wrong turn down David Lynch's Mulholland Drive in a car with four flat tyres.
The American director may have hit 'Peak Darren' with Mother!, an experience that will enthral many, upset roughly the same number and unite all in a loss of post-cinema appetite.
...a scorched-earth confession that still gets its sins wrong.
Mother! is a horrifying tale of abuse filled with dream-like imagery
Aronofsky's visionary biblical allegory always seems on the verge of exploding. Lawrence, Bardem and an Oscar-caliber Pfeiffer are all on fire. Love it or loathe it, the film is an artist's cry from his own corrupt heart. You won't know what hit you.
It's worth seeing -- if you don't mind a little insanity in escapism that offers no escape, only the promise of a new fairy tale on another page.
Impending motherhood is seen through a horror-movie lens, there are enough religious metaphors for a particularly strange Sunday school class, and mother! thrives most as a thoughtful and angry look at modern society.
There are limits to how far one is willing to follow Aronofsky down his lunatic rabbit holes. I might humbly submit that that limit is mother!
It doesn't matter whether this is real or surreal; it's horrifying, regardless.
Unlike the mansion it's set in, it's a small, hammered-together thing, and it can't bear all this meaning and metaphor.
There's zero nuance in mother! There's no humanity either, as the characters are broad-brush outlines with the souls extracted and crushed.
There's a lot to like and dislike here. The filmmaking aspects and actresses are superb. Where Aronofsky goes off the rails is the substance, a long runtime, and avalanche of absurdity.
mother! is one of the most memorable films of the year and is bound to get people talking. It's entertaining, engaging, and leaves the audience with plenty to think about upon exiting the theater.
The most controversial and polarizing Aronosfky movie, and also his most ambitious, mother! is an experience that doesn't end when the credits start rolling. [Full review in Spanish]
Whether you like the film or loathe it, you can be damn sure you won't have seen anything like it.
In the end, it's hard not to get the impression that Aronofsky's film has a lot more meaning for him than the audience.
If the sole purpose of art is to create an emotional response, Mother! is a masterpiece.
Darren Aronofsky has taken the stuff of a horror film or home-invasion picture and created a hugely ambitious, brilliantly made movie.
Aronofsky's maternal horror is the most out-there studio movie of the year. You won't believe your eyes.
Still only 27 years old, Lawrence has every chance of a fifth Academy award nomination and a possible second statuette for this phenomenal and punishing performance.
Kept aloft by a ragged, unusually disempowered Lawrence, the picture remains ... a disgusting, disturbing feast for the senses.
One of the most relentlessly intense, gut-churning portrayals of escalating madness ever captured on screen.
An unbearably taut, disquieting piece of cinema, that is visceral and immersive in its execution.
It feels like two hours of community service.
What Araonofsky has done here is pretty ambitious.
What's so cool is that you can, if you want to, read this movie on many levels, including a literal, supernatural one. It still works as a horror film about a woman going bonkers, and it also has its key gross-out scene.
An infuriating exercise in cacophonous style over substance.
Characters have no names in mother!, which is the first sign of exactly how pretentious this movie will be.
For its combination of ambition and audacity, this is a glorious piece of cinematic insanity.
Part of the fun is going into mother! knowing as little as possible so that you and your friends can argue afterwards about what it all means.
Go in cold, knowing as little as possible, and let one of the greatest movies of the year explode before your unbelieving eyes.
Mother! is a mad fantasia of fire and water and insanity, a spinning, flaming plume that is not here to make you like it, though it wouldn't mind if you decided to just bow down in worship.
Darren Aronofsky's self-pitying cinematic rending of garments is repulsive, transparent, and pointless. A grotesquely wrapped gift box of utter banality.
It's one of the most insane things to grace multiplex screens in years; it's also one of the most ludicrous.
It's a true mind-melting wowza that rivets from the first seemingly innocent moment to the last dagger into the bleeding heart. (That's a metaphor. Maybe.)
Though admittedly daring, Aronofsky's latest is a self-indulgent melting pot exploding with too many ideas. It's enthralling, and frustrating.
More a black comedy than straight-up horror, and definitely only for more adventurous filmgoers.
Insatiable love and renewal are the themes of this claustrophobic, dark psychological thriller with supernatural undertones that plays out like a bizarre dream in a David Lynch movie.
Aronofsky has messed with you so much, giving you so little to hold onto that by the end, when he wraps it all up in a bow, it's too late.
It overflows with potential meanings.
Whatever you take from it, Mother! is a shocking delight of apocalyptic proportions.
Arty! And scary. But Jennifer Law's incredible face, her unique emotional honesty, absolutely repay this ceaseless gaze.
First-world problems and phony psychodrama form the basis of Darren Aronofsky's Mother!, a self-important bum-numbing film masquerading as high-class horror.
Like all our most vivid bad dreams, it snags the mind. With barbs.
Aronofsky's seventh movie, mother!, is being marketed as a 'psychological thriller' but reveals itself to be his most out-and-out, not to mention outré, horror movie yet.
What seems an intimate drama between a poet tormented by the creative blockade and a young housewife who wants to conceive a child soon becomes a sort of home invasion thriller. [Full review in Spanish]
Mother! is that movie that you want to hate, but it's impossible not to fall in love with it. [Full review in Spanish]
Aronofksy shows plenty of visual flair. That, though, doesn't excuse the self-indulgence and mounting silliness of the filmmaking here.
A hallucination that's also an angry cry about the state of this world, but most importantly, a cinematic experience of unique proportions.
Most of the dialogue and effects are clunky, repetitive, second-rate. A minute or so of David Lynch's latest Twin Peaks series has more irrational menace. For all its feverish activity, Mother! feels static.
Mother! escalates the anxiety and ups the ante of dismay with every scene, every act, every trimester, taking us in short order from WTF to WTAF to SWTAF and beyond.
Grappling with this climax -- steeped in gore, religious symbolism, hundreds of marauding strangers (including Kristen Wiig) and sheer chutzpah -- is the moviegoing gauntlet of the year.
It tries so desperately to be crazy and disturbing that all we can see is the effort made and the money spent. No wonder there's an exclamation mark in its title. Aronofsky just doesn't know when to quit.
Mother! is perhaps Aronofsky's most extreme film to date, but if you're going to go over the top, you might as well break through the ceiling and head for the stars.
There's a small, or perhaps not so small, part of this beautiful, spectacular attack of a movie that wants to be booed, but that doesn't mean we should be swift to do so.
A sick joke, an urgent warning and a roar into the abyss, Mother! earns its exclamation mark three times over and more.
[mother!] is a sickeningly glorious mess.
"mother!" begins as a slow burn and builds toward a furious blaze.
The first portion is very Ingmar Bergman-like, a suffocating chamber play with simpler dream machinations and a frightening world of unease. The second portion turns into outright chaos, a carnival ride of horrific human behavior.
"mother!" is something truly magnificent, the kind of visceral arthouse experience that comes along very rarely and spits you out into the daylight dazzled, queasy, delirious, and knock-kneed as a newborn calf.
A devouring and restless experience: a creative surge that's like the lancing of a boil, releasing a torrent of despair and disgust for the greedy chaos of society today as well as a self-loathing portrait of the artist as an emotional succubus.
A very Rosemary's Baby-like intimate horror tale that definitely grabs your attention and eventually soars well over the top to make the bold concluding statement that, for some creators, art is more important than life.
By all means, go to "mother!" and enjoy its roller-coaster-of-weird exhibitionism. But be afraid, very afraid, only if you're hoping to see a movie that's as honestly disquieting as it is showy.
A dense, delirious, playful and serious work of capital A art, and easily the most ambitious film to come out of a major studio since Kubrick died.

@highlight

There's no denying that mother! is the thought-provoking product of a singularly ambitious artistic vision, though it may be too unwieldy for mainstream tastes.