Better than it has any right to be, this middle chapter doesn't answer nearly enough questions, but is entertaining nonetheless.
The Scorch Trials fares best in its almost shockingly entertaining opening half hour...
The original at least had a pretty cool maze, unfortunately now they have taken it because apocalyptic zombie scenarios sell more. Yawn
While the sequel moderately improves on its predecessor, it's still incredibly pedestrian and logistically infuriating.
Derivative, clichéd and averagely acted.
Maze Runner: The Scorch Trials takes about three minutes to figure out and then another one hundred and twenty-seven minutes to end.
An annoying and boring movie, that changed the easy and fun originality of the books without consistency and without any significance. [Full review in Spanish]
[A] 131-minute movie [that feels] like it took up six hours of my everloving life.
It's a bit bland and won't leave you particularly hungry for more.
Wes Ball keeps the ball rolling at a cracking pace, veers into horror territory with gruesome zombie action and, though the characters don't really develop, elicits genuine performances from his young cast.
There's much to hold the attention: expertly staged, flashlight-strafed chases; vast ruined cityscapes that channel Inception and Escher; and an imaginative fight sequence that plays out on cracking glass.
It's exciting but, there is very little depth or poignancy to the story and while the movie will probably appeal to the fans of the first film, there's not a lot of reason to believe it will convince the rest who are new to the happenings.
More Slickly filmed than the first film, The Scorch Trials picks up where Maze Runner ended and just runs off into the desert the first chance it gets.
Still, there's plenty of fun to be had from the fleet-footed zombies and random nods to Mad Max.
Seen in its own right, it's a perfectly passable wasteland, zombie-escape, teen horror, but as part of a whole that is presumably supposed to add up to an all-conquering teen phenomenon... its hard to see where this episode fits in.
Boilerplates the YA-gloomy-future fad down to an obstacle-course at the worst-ever summer camp. Plot points are struck with predictable force; line after line battles hopelessly with cliché; camera shots are fired so routinely they feel pre-programmed.
A better-made, worse movie than its none-too-involving predecessor.
Overall, a much improved movie over the first, which I also enjoyed.
Young adult dystopia for dummies.
The virus-infected, zombie-like 'Cranks' are old hat, but Rosa Salazar (as a sass-mouthed teen survivalist) and Giancarlo Esposito (as a wily rebel) add freshness.
...did they run out of money and/or hoped no one would notice? In the meantime, can we please get Dylan O'Brien a better movie?
Director Wes Ball imbues the right level of energy with inspired, high-octane action pieces keeping you glued.
Effective, quirky and even downright strange, this sequel overcomes a bumpy start to become a minor delight of the fall season.
Perhaps the next installment will actually provide the real thrills instead of postponing them.
After the rather lacklustre teen-dystopia adventure The Maze Runner, the action continues in this equally gimmicky sequel.
... It all feels like setup for part three, "The Death Cure," due in February 2017.
This sequel drops the maze and loses its identity. The mystery at the heart of the original is replaced with something far more generic here.
If it sounds like there isn't an original thought in The Scorch Trials' scripted head, you're right. But at least you won't be smacking yourself in the head trying to figure out what's going on.
As derivative as the first movie.
Focus is lacking -- and it may make you, like the Gladers, miss the comparatively taut Lord of the Flies intensity of the first installment.
The Maze Runner saga is not at the level of other YA adaptations like Harry Potter or Hunger Games, but it works as light entertainment. [Full review in Spanish]
Maze Runner: The Scorch Trials delivers more and bigger sci-fi action-adventure thrills than the original Maze Runner.
dumbed-down science fiction
Scorch at least feels more like a feature-length film than The Maze Runner, which played like a sizzle reel for another film that would eventually follow it. It doesn't shed all the problems of that prior installment, but it's a start.
The second Maze Runner is an entertaining action-adventure that not only stands on its own, but surpasses the more limited rewards of the first film.
Unlike the second Hunger Games movie, which largely felt like retread, the latest Maze Runner opens up its world and actually contextualizes the motive behind the bad guys.
The Scorch Trials is at the very least and entertaining film, and sometimes that's all you need it to be.
The Scorch Trials is trying to pack a lot into its running time but it still feels like a bridge between two better movies.
Derivative, dystopian sequel, ending with a formulaic cliffhanger.
Not only a massive step up in every way it's also the best YA genre adaptation since Beautiful Creatures. Hopefully audiences don't screw up and avoid this one too.
For all the running that goes on in "The Scorch Trials," the continuation is strangely inert.
When the young fans start watching more movies, they'll recognize all the things The Scorch Trials rips off.
The Scorch Trials maintains the semi-successful bar of intriguing movie escapism set by The Maze Runner.
The teen dystopian franchise continues to play rough, and now even rougher, with satisfying results.
this one is a lean, mean look at a dystopian future run by an evil entity with noble intentions. Those are, of course, the worst kind.
The specific details about 'The Scorch Trials' world, its protagonist's backstory, and its David-vs.-Goliath plot are of little actual consequence.
Fresh. Barely. Better than the original but there's very little fire and what does burn isn't that original. Maybe that's why the scorch title is such a perfect fit.
With minimal plot development and far too much running around in dark corridors, The Scorch Trials has a poor story:filler ratio. And much of what happens is poorly thought-out.
The Dumber Games? Derivative and unintelligent.
Genre fare of this kind can prove satisfying if made by people who understand that there's really no excuse for screwing up a movie with abandoned cityscapes, secret armed rebellions and screeching zombie-things.
Dystopian sequel has lots of thrills, violence.
It's not anything groundbreaking in the young adult genre, but these films make the questions tangibly teenage and an absolute blast to watch.
The world is bigger, the stakes are higher and there's a lot more to sink your teeth into.
It's still exciting and well produced, but it's not as compelling.
Just a prolonged series of mediocre action scenes cobbled together. (Full Content Review - Sex, Violence, Profanity, etc. - for Parents also available)
The sequel is terrible and all my original criticisms for the first film still stand, but at least it's a more entertaining kind of awful.
This story was better off back in the maze.
I don't think this movie could have stood up to the behemoths of summer, but in mid-September, surrounded by cinema's semi-annual stink bombs, it doesn't look half bad.
There's no flare of strangeness or freshness here, just a pile of images and ideas stolen from smarter people's second-hand bin banged into each other for a numbingly dull 132 minutes.
Setting its sights firmly on taking the best YA film series crown once 'The Hunger Games' ends, "The Scorch Trials" is another exciting entry in a thrilling saga.
None of the virtues of the first installment are here, except the charisma of their protagonists. [Full review in Spanish]
THE SCORCH TRIALS has an impressive level of intensity thanks to some effective action set pieces.
More video game than story, raising questions that are more "how does this make sense?" than "looking forward to the answers in part three!"
The first "Maze Runner" film was a wilderness saga refitted with robotic monsters. "The Scorch Trials" is a "Mad Max" film on foot.
The many chases and ludicrous narrow escapes offer respectable doses of adrenaline.
Maze Runner's action, suspense and twists give movie fans of all ages a chance to embrace their inner on-the-run teenager.
Director Ball understands action and also casting.
Resist the temptation to count the number of times people urge each other to "Go, go, go!" and "Come on!" It will only lead to grief.
To wait a movie and a half for a big reveal and have it turn out to be a zombie plague is like waiting until March for your Christmas present, and it turning out to be a three-pack of white Hanes T-shirts.
It can be cheesy and trite and predictable at times, but the sheer breakneck pace and frenetic energy of these Trials are more than enough to whip the movie along the rails of a well-done, generic, teen-centric action flick.
Everything that worked in the first film -- the isolated locale, the details of a makeshift society, the aura of mystery -- is tossed aside here.
Sadly, the promise built up the first time around devolves into the typical dystopian vision, including bombed out cities, random zombie hordes, and a government cabal that can't decide whether to save mankind or doom them
The movie may feel tonally consistent with the first, but it's also overlong and thoroughly routine.
Action overflows, some of it neatly staged but none of it telling us anything beyond "Go! Go! Go! Run! Run! Run!" Stay home, stay home.
This middle chapter cannot quite escape the feeling that it is pre-finale filler.
The young leads lack charisma, and the veteran supporting players seem to be phoning it in.
This is supremely silly stuff, and overall a much lesser version of teens versus the titans of post-apocalypse industry -- a copy of a copy of a copy.
Won't win any awards for originality, but it carries the familiar adventure along efficiently, generating sufficient excitement to keep one from dreading the next chapter.
This isn't anywhere strong enough to make you forget the Hunger Games series.
None of these characters receives enough screen time to develop relationships with us or each other.
It's exhausting, yet emotionally unengaging.
The material may be cardboard, but the actors do what they can.
After an hour and a half of mechanical 10-minute action cycles that start with, "Maybe we're safe now, for the moment," and end with "Aaaah! Run!" the pattern gets as wearying as the level of emotional brutality.
Utterly generic adventure features lots of running, with zombies thrown into the mix.
End. End. Please end. Come on. Enough. Oh my God, I'm going to have to live in this theater because this freakin' movie has a running time of infinity.
"Maze Runner: The Scorch Trials" crams in more lore, supporting characters, backstories and motivations to the extent that it becomes difficult to get a grasp on anything.
This time around, the kids have been turned into wind-up figures whose only function - taking the title a tad too literally - is to RUN!
Director Wes Ball's film is a mad dash from one place to the next, with little time in between for rest, recuperation or plot development.
Just throws together a bunch of overused post-apocalyptic elements and careens haphazardly from one to the next.
O'Brien is so fully, physically committed that you can't help but believe in him, and he's surrounded by a winning supporting cast of young actors who are a pleasure to watch.
Yes, these "Trials" go on too long. But they're never dull, and the kids are always good company.
The Scorch Trials wanders between YA cliches - there's a Resistance, but it's unclear what they're resisting - and zombie movie tropes, with the obligatory a zombie bit our friend scene.
This has moderate work from the youthful stars and rather more scary stuff than Part 1, and yet it all feels unfocused, protracted and somewhat less than exciting.
As we begin Maze Runner 2: Still Runnin', these rapscallions have escaped the maze and they can finally stop running. But safety makes for a boring movie and running is the only thing they do well.
Builds and enhances its world and characters impressively. New ties are created, surprising conflicts emerge. You'll be invested enough for the final installment,
But with the grander scale, "The Scorch Trials" trades that intimate mystery for more bullets, explosions, and unfortunately more similarity with its YA peers.
When the endless chases stop, it's just another zombie movie.
Every set piece brings to mind an Epcot Center attraction built from borrowed parts, geared toward reinforcing the young audience's belief that adults just don't understand them.
Essentially, The Scorch Trials makes up for the humdrum YApocalypse of its first half by going a little bonkers in its second.
"Scorch Trials" works as filler and setup to the finale, nothing else. [Full review in Spanish
Whether or not you saw the first instalment of this latest Young Adult dystopian fantasy trilogy, it's unlikely your understanding of what's going on in this second offering will be enhanced or impeded.
The action is strong but it lacks narrative and character intrigue although fans of the books by James Dashner should be happy.
Aidan Gillen works his sublimely suspicious swagger as the clearly untrustworthy Janson, while Patricia Clarkson goes once again for ice queen, even in the midst of a battlefield.
Working with a bigger budget this time, returning director Wes Ball pumps up the action, delivering exhilarating sequences of flight and fight.
Packed with high-quality action and superb direction by Wes Ball (who did the first Maze), the film does not feature any of the plot potholes, infuriating inconsistencies or maddening logical leaps that riddle its rival dystopian franchises.
A good transition movie that doesn't deliver the same punch as the original.[Full review in Spanish]
An exciting adventure with a charismatic cast that makes you care about the characters. [Full review in Spanish]
The movie lacks emotion; it needs that "epic" feeling this type of movie should have. [Full review in Spanish]
An agile, captivating story with great action scenes and twists around every corner. [Full review in Spanish]
A can't miss for fans, confusing for newcomers, and exciting for those looking for more than just another teen survival movie. [Full review in Spanish]
With so many high-octane thrills, fans will be left breathless ahead of the final leg of the journey, The Death Cure, due out in 2017.
The latest Maze Runner isn't a patch on its near cousins, The Hunger Games and Insurgent.
The only slightly original element of the first film - the Maze - is gone, and now we're in not simply a generic afterscape butevery sci-fi afterscape.
By about halfway I had stopped counting the cliches, tropes and derivative lifts because there were just too many and it was starting to distract me from the thready story.
The film rushes around thereafter in 3D thriller-chase mode in devastated cities, melted to lumps of concrete and twisted metal, and desert landscapes.
This is solid, grittily effective stuff ...
A sand-castle of a movie.
It's only recommended for those who have seen the first film and plan on seeing the third, but as middle instalments go this is an entertaining one that's all the better for being unfaithful to the book.
A better sequel than expected, even if its mid-series stakes never truly seem serious.
It's unlikely The Scorch Trials will be remembered long into the future or make as much of an impact as The Hunger Games has, but it makes for a fun ride.
The universe created in The Scorch Trials is full of nonsensical and unsurprising revelations. [Full review in Spanish]
A well paced movie with non-stop action that really makes you care about its characters. [Full review in Spanish]
This film is making a wheezing, spluttering sound: the sound of a profitable YA franchise running out of steam.
Ball makes assured use of the wide screen: much of the film's interest lies in the different types of terrain covered, from cramped corridors and air vents to barren desert to a ruined city that might have been designed by M. C. Escher.
Maze Runner: The Scorch Trials is a movie that combines the weaknesses of the book it burst forth from with a whole new set of problems of its own.
Overall, this is a worthy addition to what is shaping as one of the better youth-centric series of its kind.
These Maze Runner movies don't eff around.
Pushing the YA franchise even further into sci fi B movie territory, Maze Runner: The Scorch Trials is blatantly derivative but enjoyably silly throughout.
Nicely dark, doomy and creepy, more graphically violent than the first film, and more grown-up.
Rather than Maze Runner 2: We're Gonna Need A Bigger Maze, Scorch Trials ambitiously opens up its world with mixed results: gripping action, so-so script.
Director Wes Ball returns for the follow-up, delivering a slicker and more confident product, full of grander set-pieces and tougher themes.
This polished sequel lacks the forward momentum of its predecessor and ends up running in place.
The latest 'Maze Runner' movie succeeds well enough as derivative survival-horror-action thrillers go, but makes for an unsatisfying, confusing sequel.
Lacks a ... sense of originality and urgency, undercut by overly familiar characterizations and dilatory pacing.
An efficient yet uninspiring sequel to last year's successful young adult novel adaptation The Maze Runner.
You'll have to go a long way to find a better film coming out this year in this over-crowded genre.
The Scorch Trials isn't nearly as original or groundbreaking as The Maze Runner was.
The plot is a junior jumble of hack mysteries and largely unremarkable characters, but the experience of watching it unfold is so downright electric that you never quite give a damn.

@highlight

Maze Runner: The Scorch Trials is an action-packed sequel at the cost of story, urgency, and mystery that the original offered.