For a while the actors seem intimidated by the '50s references, but the film eventually develops a musical energy that carries the day.
Cry-Baby is often sweet-spirited even when its crummy, but there's also something fetid in its foolery.
If Cry-Baby has a message, it's that Cry-Baby and Allison deserve each other because they're young and they're beautiful, which certainly runs counter to Waters' affection for the grotesque, the bad and the ugly.
The wizard of odd still runs amok.
It all adds up to zany, wide-eyed, quintessential Waters havoc -- the "kinder, gentler" 1990s brand, perhaps. But the genuine article, nonetheless.
I don't quite know how Waters did it (and I have absolutely no idea why he did it), but the fact that Cry-Baby is fun suggests that the filmmaker possesses an instinctive understanding of what made those Elvis pictures so successful in the first place.
Waters's feeling for the mid-50s doesn't really match his sense of the early 60s, and his plot moves seem increasingly formulaic.
The nostalgic delights in Waters's reform school drool are often more subtle than his other period offering, Hairspray, but it's still a polished debunking of pop culture from the "Pope of Trash".
Waters's writing is woefully uneven. It's as if Sam Kinison had decided to tell knock-knock jokes -- sterile, unfunny knock-knock jokes at that.
As Waters moves to a more conventional type of satire, he is losing some of the edge that gave his earlier films their crass appeal.
John Waters progressed from the truly disgusting ("Pink Flamingoes") to the truly funny ("Hair Spray") only to now hit the mainstream wall.
Cry-Baby takes digs at Jailhouse Rock in a musical number that Elvis would have loved to do.
Cry-Baby doesn`t have a subject, but only a format-a rickety framework erected to support a few broad gags and a few indifferently filmed production numbers.
Showcases the very best of Waters's sense of humor and enthusiasm for details, crafting a loving parody of already goofy efforts.
Campy '50s parody has mild sex references, violence.
There are some funny moments, but this may be the first time the director's scabrous, anarchic wit seems vaguely depressed.
A delinquent joy-ride, though without the Hard-core distaste of previous Waters flicks, which may or may not be a bad thing.
Johnny Depp is extremely well cast in John Waters' sweet-natured fable about rebellious youth
Waters' hole card is Johnny Depp, the winsome tough from TV's 21 Jump Street, who radiates big- screen grace and swagger as Cry-Baby -- no easy trick, since he is guying his own image.
The film is high on energy, color and camera movement and, as usual in Waters's world, everything is styled within an inch of its life, capturing all the fun and fever of the 1950s.
John Waters' mischievous satire of the teen exploitation genre is entertaining as a rude joyride through another era, full of great clothes and hairdos.
Cheerfully camp, terrifically enjoyable teen parody that ranks among Waters' best moments. Oh, and world -- meet Johnny Depp!
It's a satire that functions the same way the stuff it's satirizing does.
Waters' finest film to date, a worthy successor to Hairspray which exudes teen angst and young lust from every pore.
Great campy fun. How many tears will Johnny shed?
Pink Flamingos fans will find Cry-Baby decidedly tame, but it's one of my favorites.
Waters is just as offbeat as any of his film characters- and he surrounds himself with creative people who wouldn't at all be out of place in a John Waters movie.
Everyone is clearly having a ball in Cry-Baby, and one can only imagine what the nightlife was like on the set
Successfully works in fits and starts.
Johnny Depp is a rockin' revelation
Unhinged and inventive
Tears for fears? Nah, it's Johnny Depp's. When will this Waters gem be adapted for Broadway?
John Waters at his most accessible -- which is still really odd.
Better than Grease. Overlooked but fabulous John Waters' musical.
Waters goes mainstream. Johnny proves he has depth.
Mr. Depp, who smolders naturally when he isn't trying so hard, acts this role about as well as Elvis would have; under the circumstances, that's fine.
Altogether a joyous outburst of Watersian creativity.
Criminally underrated; one of Waters' most enjoyable comedies
It's worth a rental, if you're in the mood for something offbeat but less filling, but don't expect a revelation.
A strangely off-putting musical farce.
One of Waters' most accessible oddities.
Even diluted Waters is better than no Waters at all.
If there is one constant in recent social history, it is that we feel nostalgia for yesterday's teenage badness even while we fear today's.
Basically the filmmaker reminds us of his affection for social misfits, but without much conviction. He's simply too hip to commit himself to his beliefs, and a relentless frivolity prevails.
Some of the musical numbers are fun and there are some good gags here and there, but for the most part this one is pretty weak.










@highlight

John Waters' musical ode to the teen rebel genre is infectious and gleefully camp, providing star Johnny Depp with the perfect vehicle in which to lampoon his pin-up image.