Ultimately there isn't much of a movie here, just a series of great-looking and expertly filmed showdowns that are worth the price of a rental
Anyone knows we all come here just to see the girl kick serious behind. At least she does just that, and after a while Chocolate mainly and plainly feels like the exhibition that it is.
It's called Chocolate, but Cheese would have been just as good. Soaked with tears, full of schmaltz, and yet strewn with bodies, Prachya Pinkaew's new kick-'em-up is extreme action, extreme melodrama, and extremely hard to resist.
Chocolate (Chokgohlaet) offers sensational martial arts set pieces -- beautifully choreographed, exquisitely colored, and acrobatically shot.
Vimistananda is nothing less than an awe-inspiring force of nature.
Character development and cogent storytelling are in short supply. Yeah, so?
At its heart, Chocolate is a simple tale of a special girl trying to make her way in a considerably unspecial world.
Even if it doesn't make much sense, tugs shamelessly at the heartstrings, and features a heavy with Jennifer Aniston hair, the feature sparks in just the right way, making for a fist-clenching, mouth-agape sit.
Takes its time to get going, but once the action kicks in, it's mildly engaging with lots of mindless fun, especially for avid fans of martial arts films.
It boils down to this: Thai girl fighting. Is that enough of a movie for you?
Chocolate is risibly sentimental even for a genre not known for its emotional sophistication.
... the fights are terrific, tightly choreographed with a good sense of ensemble movement and shot in long takes that preserve the fluidity of the action...
The world may not have needed a Thai-language martial-arts hybrid of Kill Bill and Rain Man, but by God, it's got one now.
The finale is an extended tour de force equal parts Bruce Lee, Tony Jaa, and Donkey Kong.
Chocolate gives us the first autistic action hero.
Enjoyable thriller.
The heart of the film may be its action sequences but, even outside the battle arena, 'Chocolate' is a nicely characterised and consistently likeable piece of work.
Another symphony of exquisitely choreographed carnage.
Is it radical or offensive? I really don't know. It certainly got my attention.
Don't bother looking for wires and safety nets because there aren't any. As the end credits show in wince-making detail, all the performers genuinely suffer for their art.
It's likely to be drooled over by fans of the genre and no doubt enthused about by Quentin Tarantino. But if kung fu ain't your thing, this won't convert you.
Unfortunately, the martial arts action is only half the movie - the rest is badly acted and gory.
A bizarre, often tasteless, but never dull Thai martial arts movie.
The slightly slushy plot is really an excuse to catch your breath between the action sequences, which are fast, loud and crammed with references that only Bruce Lee fans will properly appreciate.
Reminiscent of early Jackie Chan flicks, an action-packed, pick-and-mix of punch-ups include a cheeky tribute to Lee's legendary icehouse scene in The Big Boss, culminating in a spectacular multi-storey jaw-dropper.
The director makes sure we know that it all proves how people with special needs can triumph.
Yes, it's extremely choppy and not terribly well-developed, with characters appearing and disappearing at random. But the fights are so impressive that we can't help but be thoroughly entertained.
JeeJa Yanin is a sensational discovery but this mixed assortment of high kicks and even higher melodrama may be an imperfect vehicle for her.
A less tasty martial-arts actioner featuring an autistic kickboxing queen energized by confectionery.
It fails to be the exploitation movie it desperately wants to be. Too much attention is paid to the tear-jerking elements, which never register because the plot is so sparse.





@highlight

Chocolate is a bizarre martial arts flick, with a slushy plot, an unusual protagonist, and breathtaking stunts.