Director James Wan and writer Leigh Whannell resurrect the supernatural scares of Insidious, but without the innovative spark of the original.
Insidious 2 really wants you to be happy, but it's far too much of an uneven mess to do it very well.
Insidious Chapter 2 is tense and intriguing. If you haven't seen the previous film, this might work better for you. Also, for the fainthearted, if you analyze your dreams way too much or face sleep disorders, stay away.
Unashamedly derivative but it still scared me silly.
With so many thrillers following Wan's lead, the theme now feels pat. Furthermore, Insidious: Chapter 2 is a lot more camp than mind-bending fear.
It's the screenplay's salient collision of past and present that sets the film apart from most horror sequels.
The movie isn't merely bad, it's incompetent.
If we had to have a sequel, "Chapter 2" is a really good one.
Not much that's new (hey, it's a sequel) but there's still an old-fashioned respect for the pleasures of simple creepiness.
It's not gory, but relies on ceaseless weirdness with scores of jump scares and even an odd Back To The Future 2-style subplot that's undeveloped yet still adds to the overall sense of crazy. Love or hate it, this is pretty effective modern scare cinema.
The best horror films stay with you, leaving you jumping at the slightest sounds. This is decidedly not that kind of movie.
It's a treat to see old-school film technique and makeup design rather than an overabundance of CGI work.
Insidious: Chapter 2 has a number of issues, chief among them the fact that it recycles far too much of the first film, turning this into a dreadfully dull ghost story with no chills.
At this film's start, young Elise tells young Josh, "I promise, it won't hurt." You know that she knows this can't be so.
Carrying on where the last one left off, horror maestro du jour James Wan (Saw, Dead Silence, The Conjuring) serves up a juicy, fright-filled spookfest with this follow-up to the 2011 hit.
INSIDIOUS: Chapter Two has a good cache of scares; a necessary injection of mystery and despite small doses of clunky performances and scripting it's a rare, high quality horror sequel.
Trashy and silly and occasionally unintentionally funny, it is nonetheless weirdly compelling.
...often fares even better than its entertaining predecessor...
Most of [Wan's] peers shoot a bunch of scenes and let the editor make a smoothie. Wan no longer relies on visual gibberish. He has become a classicist in that sense.
Clever isn't the same as scary. It's the unexplained, not the over-explained, that tingles the spine.
It relies on cheap thrills and fails to generate consistent suspense, while lacking the sharp sense of humor that kept the first film from bogging down.
Alas, the tension and fright remain mostly invisible in "Insidious: Chapter 2," the disappointing sequel to the terrific "Insidious."
Amps up the scares without breaking any new ground while offering more layers and less gore than most films in this genre.
The movie finds itself haunted by a three-headed beast: incoherence, illogicality and contrivance.
Wan and Whannell return to their 2011 hit with a vengeance, gleefully filling in the story before, after and even during that first chapter with even more gonzo nuttiness.
Director James Wan and screenwriter Leigh Whannell generate some cool scares and clever comic relief from Elise's junior colleagues, but a viewing of the first movie would benefit newbies.
Tedious and repetitive, it concludes with yet another creepy cliffhanger.
A clumsy and muddled follow up to the original; toomany tricks and not enough treats.
Chapter 2 might be the better film, though, frankly, it's hard to separate the two pictures. I honestly have never seen a sequel that's as completely organic as this one.
Egregious would be a better title than Insidious.
Characters in Whannell/Wan screenplays speak with the first-draft expository bluntness of a cheap '50s thriller, letting the characters step on some of the best reveals.
The most slapped-together, pointless, allover terrible horror film of 2013; and I will remind you that 2013 bore witness to Texas Chainsaw 3D.
The simple elegance of the first film has been lost in a jumbled mess that sometimes hits on fresh angles on ghost stories but most often is shoddy, sloppy, and lazy.
Boo, indeed.
A sprawling, idiosyncratic film that attempts to recontextualize the events of its predecessor, Wan's sequel is ambitious but shortsighted, creepy but cartoonish, but utterly watchable.
it's Wilson who dominates the screen with a finely calibrated exploration of mental, physical, and moral decay
Less than two months after securing a deserved word-of-mouth hit with The Conjuring, James Wan serves up a turkey with this confused, crudely staged sequel.
Falls short, especially when much of the would-be frights shoulder on Wilson's overwrought and rather embarrassing attempt at echoing Jack Nicholson in THE SHINING.
INSIDIOUS: CHAPTER 2 feels like a guided tour through a haunted house you have visited once too often: the scares come too seldom, and the guide keeps boring you with background details you don't really need to know.
Too campy and too silly for its own good.
What a shame that director James Wan had to follow up a triumph like this summer's The Conjuring with a complete dud like Insidious: Chapter 2. A disjointed mess.
Nothing in the picture delivers the jolts that the first 'Insidious,' or Wan's more recent 'The Conjuring,' did.
Insidious: Chapter 2 expands upon the original story in an intriguing and smart way - tweaking and evolving series ideas in new (and spooky) ways.
For a somewhat forced sequel, Insidious: Chapter 2 has enough thrills to make it a fun release on Friday the 13th.
Insidious: Chapter 2 is a puzzle movie with too many unnecessary pieces and not enough essential ones, but it's superior to its predecessor in a few basic ways.
Though there's some admirably clever plotting to interweave the film's second half with events in the original, it's simply not as scary.
Wan reintroduces the 21st century curse of digital sound effects overkill. By the end, you'll be watching "Din-sidious".
Insidious: Chapter 2 is not only unnecessary but it commits the cardinal sin of devaluing its predecessor.
Whannell's script is so rife with portentous backstory, third-act goofiness, and a denouement that practically screams Insidious 3: Same Old S---, that the film as a whole is jarring, and not in a good way.
An increasing amount of metaphysical backtracking dilutes the few simple jolts that do work this time around.
just because it's not as good as the original doesn't make this sequel a bad movie.
This sequel to the horror hit about a boy lost in the demon-infested netherworld called The Further adds the element of time travel to its paranormal expeditions -- and sinks in its own murk.
Talented filmmakers manage to elevate the uneven narrative and produce an entertaining experience, but 'Chapter 2' is nowhere near as refined as the original.
Wilson's new role is that of stock Lifetime-movie aggressor, veering between tortured monologues and ham-fisted apologies to the hysterical Byrne, who stumbles through the film like a Mr. Magoo caught in cobwebs.
Most of Chapter 2 is unintentionally hilarious.
Despite its assured direction, the sequel to 2011's Insidious insists upon trotting out the hoary clichés of countless scarefests before it.
Sloppily made, with a sensationalized subplot involving gender identity issues that left a bad taste in my mouth. One of the year's biggest cinematic disappointments.
Repetitive, cluttered, just silly variation on the first movie that will feel like a step back for anyone who admired Wan's notable advancement as a filmmaker in this summer's stellar The Conjuring.
If perhaps not as frightening as the original, Insidious 2 certainly amps up the knowing hokiness (which was always at least a ghostly presence in the first film), while proving far bolder and more ingenious than your average sequel.
Insidious 2 could have done better and almost does sometimes. More's the pity that it couldn't close the deal.
Chapter 2 doesn't feature the finesse or the imagination of the original film, wrongly assuming audiences are hungry for an expansion of exposition, not an exquisite escalation of fear.
Insidious: Chapter 2 may be somewhat uneven, but at a certain point near the end, I realized I hadn't taken any notes during the second half. For all its weirdness, the film had utterly transported me.
This second chapter might not add much that's new to the mythology, but it's scarily entertaining enough to stand alongside the first.
Poltergeist goes Back To The Future with only passable results in a film whose activity is more par for the course than paranormal.
With its simplistic premise, Insidious: Chapter 2 may seem like an exercise in style over substance, but it's also a lot of fun, providing several good jolts that are augmented by a generous dose of gallows humour.
Insidious: Chapter 2 follows the further misfortunes of the Lambert family with diminishing insidious rewards.
Insidious: Chapter 2 has a slower pace and a lighter tone than the original film. The jump-out scares have been tucked away and are more methodical in execution. However the sequel will likely not be as much of a crowd-pleaser as Insidious.
Like its predecessor, Insidious: Chapter 2 has one clever concept to toss into the mix of its otherwise all-too-familiar proceedings of a haunted house...
The most enjoyable thriller I've seen in years and one of the easiest recommendations for fans of the genre I'll make all year.
Wan is getting better and better at figuring out what to do with the camera, and maneuvering actors within a shot for maximum suspense, while letting his design collaborators do the rest.
More silly than sinister
This sequel is not nearly as scary as the first one. Familiarity with the Lamberts and the demons who plague them tends to blunt the razor's edge of horror. But Chapter 2 is still weirder than a walk in the park.
Yes, of course it's the sequel to 2010's Insidious, but it seems cobbled together from outtakes.
It's the creative way the film starts to wrap around itself and pull in parts of its predecessor that makes it come off like a crazy haunted house ride. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
Wan remains a crafty enough director to draw your eye warily across the frame. You shouldn't feel so daft for flinching this time.
This is one of the more pointless follow-ups ever, just an assortment of scary-movie tropes randomly doled out, with unavoidable jolts at regular intervals.
Seriousness is not on the agenda. This is just a simple, fun time at the movies. Or an unusually good pilot for The CW.
All the standard spooks pop up: creepy baby toys, a piano that plays itself, a lady in white roaming the house, predictable jump-scares galore.
A mess from start to finish -- though, judging by the ending, this story won't be over any time soon -- Insidious: Chapter 2 is the kind of lazy, halfhearted product that gives scary movies a bad name.
The problem is, Wan is reaching into the same old grab bag of shock scares, creaky-door sound effects, and ominous baby monitor voices he used in the far better original Insidious.
There are a few legitimate scares in the film, but they don't stick with you like those in the first Insidious.
Considering how creatively bankrupt and stylistically profligate this second installment of the franchise is, the new movie should really be called Insidious: Chapter 11.
[The film] might have been wackily entertaining if the whole thing weren't so sluggishly paced, poorly lit and dispiritingly unoriginal.
Taken as a ghoulish fairground ride, James Wan's Grand Guignol shocker eventually delivers the jolts and thrills it promises.
The mix is way off this time and much of it has to do with Wan falling back on standard horror tactics.
For the most part, horror clichés are avoided -- nobody walks down to a basement without turning the lights on first -- but this doesn't mean the characters aren't a bit daft.
Insidious: Chapter 2 picks up where the first story ended, but the sequel has enough scares, laughs and a story of its own to stand alone.
Isn't a total wash, but it is difficult not to be disappointed.
Insidious is back with a malevolent vengeance
If you're a fan of the post-Poltergeist shocks and scares offered up by the first Insidious, then you'll be thrilled to hear that Chapter 2 manages to jolt and unsettle without merely repeating itself.
Horror buffs looking for an old-fashioned scare will find one or two here, but filmmakers Leigh Whannell and James Wan are spreading their brand thin.
Insidious: Chapter 2 ups the scares, raises the stakes, heightens intensity, and creatively expands the Insidious mythology in a way that has me begging for a Chapter 3.
He's become a master of making hoary elements feel fresh again..Insidious: Chapter 2 reminds viewers why these elements were scary in the first place, and proves skillful filmmaking can breathe new life into the oldest ideas.
The scariest thing about it is that there will probably be a Chapter 3.
If Insidious 2 exists solely because Insidious 1 made a ton of money, then at least credit Wan for making quality control a priority.
It starts off lousy and goes downhill from there. I hereby pronounce it the worst horror flick of 2013. Next to Scary Movie 5, that is.
Insidious: Chapter 2 returns all of the major players in service of a story that feels at once convoluted and undernourished.
Chronic mediocrity continues to haunt this series exploring the terrors of demonic possession.
A modestly scaled and highly pleasurable sequel to Wan's low-budget 2011 smash that should have genre fans begging for thirds.
This busy-yet-dull sequel feels like Wan robotically flexing his manipulation of fright-film signposts, an exercise more silly than sinister.
James Wan's desultory sequel lazily trots out the same procession of scare techniques but with vastly diminished returns.
[Does] enough to expand and explore the world they've created to satisfy fans and justify a sequel. In the horror genre, that's a huge win.
A full realization of the very worst fears one could imagine when its director, James Wan, unexpectedly emerged from the torture-porn murk with its original, spiritedly directed predecessor.
Wilson and Byrne turn in far better performances than their terrorized parent characters required.
Can we just say this about director James Wan? If you like horror films and you notice he's directed a horror film, make the investment and see it.
If Insidious felt like half a movie to you, too, here's the rest of what you were looking for.
Comes upon a few quirky solutions and movie-ripoff scares before settling into a kind of coma.
Drown it in ectoplasm.
After his assuredly traditional The Conjuring, director James Wan bounces back with a more playful horror movie that subverts cliches rather than revelling in them.
Been there, seen that.
Despite solid performances, Insidious: Chapter 2 is a disappointing sequel that never quite sparks to life, thanks to a derivative script that fails to deliver any actual scares.
The scares are mostly very scary indeed, and that means the film does its job.
If there is a fundamental flaw in Chapter 2, it's that it will make absolutely no sense unless you've seen the first one.
The fact remains that the writer-director will do the best job he can, putting to use a good array of horror tools and production experience. That's always a treat to watch.
An accomplished follow-up that doesn't feel like some lazy studio financier-instigated cash-in.
Considerably less grounded in any kind of recognizable reality than the first chapter.
For all but the most forgiving horror fans, this is a lazy, stupid and incoherent failure.

@highlight

Insidious: Chapter 2 is decidedly short on the tension and surprises that made its predecessor so chilling.