Mildly involving tale of four orphan boys in the Outback
The coast of Australia is an apt setting for Rod Hardy's precious drama: It's Beaches for men.
Fans and industry watchers who wonder whether Radcliffe has what it takes to turn his increasingly sophisticated performances in [Harry Potter] into a full-blown adult career as an actor... can see for themselves: the kid's got talent...
Radcliffe is good at showing vulnerability but without the skills to give it gradation. The magic doesn't work for him this time.
Director Rod Hardy adds some whimsical touches to an otherwise cliche-filled story, but the young orphans never emerge as full-blooded characters.
Conflicted but well-acted.
I was not charmed. I was not moved.
Pleasant but pedestrian.
No reason to see it. No reason not to see it, either. Shrug.
Particularly for Radcliffe fans, it's an agreeable journey.
A story line involving a crusty fisherman and a giant, fabled fish plays as unintentionally comic. Other moments are visually excessive.
...it's hard to argue with the movie's general good spirits.
Sometimes the hardest movies to review are the ones that are middle-of-the-road, bland and completely uninspiring, movies like December Boys.
Sweet--indeed, cloying--coming-of-age tale...the barrage of messages it carries ultimately proves too heavy a cargo.
There is nothing on display in the coming-of-age drama December Boys that you havenâ(TM)t already seen dozens of times before.
"December Boys" is a minor ensemble melodrama that succeeds for the heartfelt efforts of its ensemble.
There seem to be two movies going on here at the same time, and December Boys would have been better off going all the way with one of them.
Though familiar as an old shoe, this is straightforward and well told.
The two halves of December Boys -- the pre-adolescent getting of wisdom and the adolescent getting of action -- never mesh.
The kind of film people call 'uplifting,' and while it is that much of the way, there are times when it's so oversaturated with sweetness and light, it's likely to uplift more cynical viewers from their seats in the movie theater. No matter.
Don't expect magic here.
Director Rod Hardy musters his fine cast to provide a nuanced story...about coming of age, friendship, old age and young love.
Juvenile viewers may well benefit from the movie. But, for the adult, it's ultimately a film that arrives too early for the season in its title and too late in terms of style and impact.
Radcliffe is good at showing vulnerability but without the skills to give it gradation. The magic doesn't work for him this time.
A tween version of Superbad this certainly isn't, with a significant stench of familiarity covering rites of passage like peeing together and clamoring to see naked girls.
An absorbing, gentle slice-of-life, light on plot but heavy on smaller moments of keen human interaction and observation.
December Boys bathes in the summer sun and sea breezes even as it exudes the energy of youth and promise.
A coming-of-age tale so treacly it doesn't just tug your heartstrings, it attempts to glue them to your ribs.
[A] tasteful and gorgeously photographed coming-of-age story.
A coming of age story for Dummies. It packs in the schmaltz and spells out all the life lessons in case you weren't paying attention. It's not unwatchable, but I certainly wasn't in the mood that day.
Radcliffe is the big draw, but he's really a supporting player, just one of the parentless wonders sent to live with a loving couple one glorious, life-changing summer.
This charming tale of a quartet of Australian orphans who share a life-altering holiday in the 1960s should appeal to sentimental adults old enough to wax nostalgic over their own adolescence.
Except for the breathtaking Australian landscape, there's little to recommend about December Boys.
Enhanced by an exotic locale, the movie overcomes a well-trodden narrative path and unflinchingly brandishes its sentimentality as it stakes out its crowd-pleasing territory.
Radcliffe -- in full benevolent leadership -- clearly has a future as a young adult performer once he shelves Harry Potter's wand once and for all.
Director Ron Hardy's heartfelt, if somewhat tepid, adaptation of Michael Noonan's coming-of-age novel harks back to the days of the Australian New Wave, when films about isolation, loneliness and the existential dilemmas of life on an island continent.
While there's not much to the story, the gorgeous setting goes a long way.
December Boys is good, but not great; and as far as coming of age stories are concerned.
An engrossing Australian film about four orphans whose deep bonds of friendship are tested during a summer vacation in paradise.
With a strongly emotional tone, this low-key Australian coming-of-age drama is beautifully filmed and acted. Although it does lay on the nostalgia rather thickly.
A little more bite would have done December Boys a power of good.
Rather drab, revolving as it does around the boys' twin quests to get adopted and catch an oversized fish. Where's Voldemort when you need him?
Quite the most pretentious piffle I've seen all year.
Well-intentioned, but teeth-grindingly earnest, with a voice-over that seems to consist entirely of clichés.
Radcliffe has definitely got the hang of the moody teen act.
There is no magic in Daniel Radcliffe's first non-Potter movie: it's an incredible clunker: naff, sentimental, like an episode of the treacly US TV show The Wonder Years.
Even Enid Blyton's toes would be curling tight enough to snap faced with a movie this winsome. Black marks all around - and back to Hogwarts with you, young Radcliffe.
Sweet-natured but terribly dull.
Daniel Radcliffe indicates he may be able to shake off Harry Potter in this amiable little drama.
A cloying, unremarkable affair.
A warm, sentimental glow prevails at the end, while copious shots of rolling landscape offset the teatime-telly feel of veteran goggleboxer Rod Hardy's direction.
With its series of tonally awkward plot developments which seem to have been engineered specifically to meet Radcliffe's various portfolio needs, the best that could be said of this is that the actor's next move should be to talk to his agent.
Crisply shot by cinematographer David Connell, the South Australian locations offer a nostalgic, golden glow to proceedings. Sadly, the characters inspire little sense of wonder.
If the blogosphere makes hay from the fact that Radcliffe goes beyond first base in this film, the robotic storytelling will deflate any curiosity.
Daniel Radcliffe doesn't look uncomfortable, exactly, in December Boys, but he does look like a hot transfer student trying to fit in with local pipsqueaks a head shorter and two grades below him.
The movie earns its right to sentiment through its performances and gentle solicitousness toward its young heroes.
An unavoidable chorus of "ho-hum" starts up in your brain as the film begins. It's nothing you haven't seen a dozen or more times before.
Watchable, nostalgia-tinged drama with strong performances from its four leads, though it's not as emotionally engaging as it should have been.
Visually well-mounted but narratively muddled.
More Sunday afternoon filler than cinema sensation, it's a perfectly pleasant drama, but you'll struggle to remember it the next day.
Based on a novel by Michael Noonan, this sentimental tale of Australian orphans coming of age by the seaside has little to distinguish it except for the presence of Daniel Radcliffe.
The absence of a seasoned lead figure is a decisive flaw, with the same to be said about the writing. The religious inserts only make it blasphemous to the gods of cinema.
The film squanders its rich sense of adolescent discovery with an undercurrent of sexism and the uninteresting ebb and flow of water-logged metaphor.
A moving coming of age story that canvasses faith and family, The December Boys reminds us why our childhoods often hold the key to our heart.






@highlight

December Boys ' location and settings are invitingly gorgeous, but the coming-of-age drama that takes place on them is uneventful and far too sentimental.