A damn worthy follow-up to an unexpectedly excellent chiller.
Isn't the same thinking man's zombie film as its predecessor, but it ramps up the action and will leave you on edge enough that you'll be searching for a nightlight before going to sleep.
With its expertly paced thrills, unrelenting terror and apocalyptic despair, 28 Weeks Later ain't a bad roller coaster to ride.
Apocalyptic zombie sequel isn't for the squeamish.
deft and stylish
28 Weeks Later contains many elements from the first film while also packing a much stronger emotional punch and ferocious intensity.
Explicitly envisions Britain as a deserted combat zone
A worthy sequel that is recommended - even if you're tired of zombie flicks!
Every bit as visceral and provocative as the original, but cinematographer Enrique Chediak's deserted London can't hold a candle to Anthony Dod Mantle's.
Certainly scary and nerve-wracking, but it's also ham-fisted and monotonous; to call Fresnadillo et al. powerful filmmakers would be like calling the movie's "infected" cannibals gourmet diners.
Fresnadillo's film is an undeniable triumph and one that horror fans will love for decades to come.
The infected just seem to bite, spit blood, scream and repeat a little too much.
A modern rarity: a smart, bloody, and truly horrific horror film.
Una digna segunda parte que mantiene el nivel de la original, de 2002, gracias a su ritmo inquietante, su nerviosa banda sonora y su escenario cuasi apocalíptico.
If a heart-palpitating, seat-jittering gore fest happily gets your blood boiling, you'll indeed seethe infinitely more this time around.
Scarier and more visceral than anything I've seen in a long while.
It's an exciting, well-directed thriller that, while providing more than enough action and gore to satisfy genre fans, also offers the political commentary that has characterized zombie movies.
This sequel takes its predecessor's derivative, remorseless premise and deepens it a bit, though I can't be alone in wondering why this, of all things, should be a franchise.
More of the same, with decidedly mixed results.
28 Weeks Later doesn't match the impact of its predecessor.
Besides exhilarating, terrifying action, what 28 Weeks Later achieves best is a mood of terror, vigilant fear, and high-alert tummy flutters. Worth every penny.
S'alimentant d'une mise en situation beaucoup plus large et complexe,28 Weeks Later est la suite dont avait besoin cette nouvelle franchise pour être prise un peu plus sérieux
Suggests the kind of fable as might be shared from generation to generation, albeit in its own nerve-racking, nihilistic way of directing these metaphors into our psyche.
a perfect blend of well-drawn characters, political allegory, grand guignol, flesh-crawling tension and very fast-moving zombies.
"Weeks" abandons any trace of hope it has in characters prevailing for the better. It is cynical, nihilistic and unflinching.
works not just because of its visual and thematic resonance with current global traumas, but because it grips you on an emotional level
Against all odds, Weeks proves to be a jarring and effective follow-up to its equally-shocking predecessor.
It's a worthy follow-up, and I'll surely be waiting for 28 Months Later.
Thanks to its direction, cast and political subtext, 28 Weeks Later is a horror sequel that's actually worth seeing and improves upon (in some areas) its predecessor.
There isn't much acting here, but there is entirely too much vomiting, and the prose turns laughably purple, too.
If had been in junior high school when I saw this movie, I would have had two words for "28 Weeks Later."Ew, gross.
It's a mindless, occasionally entertaining entry into the genre but it brings nothing fresh or innovative to the table. It's too bad because the first film was so good and Fresnadillo looked like a promising choice to take over.
It falls prey to the usual pessimism-as-realism crutch (most notable in its silly final 10 second coda), but director Juan Carlos Fresnadillo works in some real ideas along the way.
While the theme of soldiers as lethal and relentless as the infecteds repeats Boyle's film, here the uniformed threat is specifically U.S.
A tense and terrifying trip through urban chaos, 28 Weeks Later is Juan Carlos Fresnadillo's respectable follow-up to Danny's Boyle's original.
Even though I knew the scares were coming, I jumped out of my seat a few times.
The movie is an adrenaline-pumping ride, which is marred by repetition and by sometimes excessive use of its signature blurry pan.
As eerie as the first and probably more scary.
Apparently it takes "'Weeks'," rather than "'Days'," to enjoy a sprightly-paced, finely-acted, and surprisingly intelligent apocalyptic zombie horror.
A good deal better than the average Hollywood horror film, but 28 Weeks Later doesn't have the inventiveness, originality or intelligence that made its predecessor one of the top horror pictures of the past five years.
This film desperately needs a Cillian Murphy look; a Brendan Gleeson heart; a Naomie Harris spirit.
Confirms that a Fox Atomic-produced horror sequel need not be technically clumsy, stupid, crass and fright-free.
Moviegoers can take or leave the message beneath the mayhem, but what's on the surface for everyone to enjoy is an expertly crafted terror tale that's heavy on the jolts.
If there is such a thing as a successful piecemeal horror film, 28 Weeks Later is it.
The best horror movie in years. It's splattery horror that has brains as well as flying viscera.
Director Juan Carlos Fresnadillo provides a relentlessly tense pace that eerily captures the unpredictability of the zombie attacks. When it was over, I walked out of the theater with frayed nerves.
Its putative emotional centerpiece - a sequence involving a mass escape - is a piece of cheap, empty theater, exacerbated by illogical staging.
If there will ever be a 28 Months Later, we can hope it will be just as smart.
Zombies aren't even really zombies any more. They're enraged virus victims who move extremely fast. The blood lust remains, but they appear to be hitting the Red Bull trough as well.
In its way, it's as convincing a portrait of post-disaster despair as 'Children of Men,' but with zombies.
Yes, the 'rage virus' is back. And, like a few moments on E! with Ryan Seacrest, any contact makes you nuts within seconds.
Carlyle turns into a walking joke. It is the ultimate betrayal of the movie's early promise.
Even when the film's concept gets tired after the first act, it is still a stylish, atmospheric work of a solid craftsman.
Its set pieces are mostly viewed through a night-vision rifle scope, which only made me feel groggy.
Chaotic but oh so intense.
A well-crafted, well-acted, but thoroughly unpleasant, depressing, pointless, irritating and non-entertaining movie.
...an incendiary critique of the U.S. handling of Iraq and its own allies...more wholly satisfying than its predecessor.
Yikes! '28 Weeks Later' is a very, very scary movie.
For horror buffs, "28 Weeks Later" is the film to see now. It opens with a shock of promise and, with few exceptions, it sustains it.
Gruesome and suspenseful, it could be interpreted as timely commentary on U.S. overconfidence in Iraq.
...you won't be bored.
Combines traditional B-movie virtues -- economy, invention, sinewy narrative spine -- with the eerily resonant spectacle of a 21st-century metropolis stripped of its citizenry.
Under Fresnadillo's assured direction, 28 Weeks Later blurs the line between genre entertainment and a photojournalist's shots of the next urban catastrophe.
The film rapidly degenerates into an Escape From Canary Wharf video game.
quite easily one of the scariest films of the year
It's harrowing, heartbreaking and unforgettable all at once.
28 Days Later had its moments, to be sure, but 28 Weeks Later is the real deal--scarier, darker, uncompromising, and more emotionally complex.
My biggest complaint is that generally with a sequel, especially one produced five years later, you would think there would be a recap.
28 Weeks Later holds itself to the same standards as its brilliant predecessor, but those very standards also accentuate its shortcomings.
While parallels with the Iraq situation are unmistakeable, it's more concerned with terrifyingly dismal atmosphere and a kinetic, intense race for survival.
28 Weeks Later eventually hits the ground like a "Rage Virus" victim getting a drop of infected blood in his eye - quickly, loudly, and without a thought in the world.
The first great surprise of 2007.
Relentlessly grim and grisly, 28 Weeks Later is not for the faint of heart. But its provocative post-apocalyptic theme makes for a smart and deeply unsettling film.
Flawed, but it knows where it's going, and it gets there in a chilling blaze of fire, blood and poisonous fog.
A fiercely effective broadening and deepening of the first movie's premise.
The social commentary is as subtle as -- well, a George Romero movie.
Succeeds as both terrifying horror, gore-fest and, at times, serious drama.
The movie has some vivid shock touches and the scenes of depopulated London are queasily strange. Still, this is really about a grimly ravaged couple and two kids put through hell. Your idea of fun? Munch on it.
Most affecting are moments of quietude that stand in contrast to the loud, busy horror scenes. Fresnadillo and cinematographer Enrique Chediak find intriguing angles to highlight the eeriness of the setting.
Thematic resonance makes 28 Weeks Later stick to your nightmares. Hold on for a hell of a ride.
A brain-dead action movie. 28 Days Later director Danny Boyle and that movie's screenwriter Alex Garland serve as executive producers this time around and they should be ashamed of themselves for so blatantly selling out their original vision.
A bloody, button-pushing shot of adrenaline.
Boyle is only peripherally involved in the sequel, 28 Weeks Later, which has the same stylishness and pulp energy, but none of Boyle's desire to avoid the polemical.
A frenetic killing machine -- illogical, telling in its grasp of human nature and utterly incapable of embracing the humanity it wants to show us.
A thrilling and chilling and sometimes grisly zombie movie that occasionally loses its way in genre conventions but generally keeps you locked into a heightened tension.
Like the first movie, it has a few ideas -- a few too many, perhaps. But new director Juan Carlos Fresnadillo is so determined to keep up the pace he explores them even less than Boyle did.
28 Weeks Later has a stronger story line [than the original], equally fine performances, greater tension, enough gore to satisfy the most hard-core zombie fan, and a narrative pace that flings us from the opening scenes to the very last image.
[The] focus on effects and action comes at the expense of creating engaging characters and meaningful situations.
28 Weeks Later doesn't just recycle the premise, apocalyptic mood and insane violence of the original: It adds thematic layers to its zombie milieu, deepening the scares while justifying the sequel's existence.
There's a strange lack of momentum and suspense amid all the shaky camera work and showers of blood.
The real reason most people go to zombie movies -- the mayhem -- is so poorly staged and edited that most of the time you can't tell what's going on.
Fresnadillo, who also co-wrote the screenplay, understands that true horror lies in the moral choices men and women make in the direst of circumstances.
Director Juan Carlos Fresnadillo hurns out a straightforward cinematic gorefest that's competent and repulsive but not much else.
28 Weeks Later delivers jolts of fright with alarming regularity.
Only occasionally does [director] Fresnadillo rise above the mundane, but, to his credit, the exceptions are worth savouring.
Though it is in no way as original or terrifying or just plain brilliant as Danny Boyle's original work, Weeks will still offer horror fans plenty of tense and gory moments.
Director Juan Carlos Fresnadillo has no problem re-creating the first film's naturalistic sense of dread and lurking menace and embellishing it. It's all shot on the run, with handheld cameras, mostly in the half-light of ruins and sewers.
Ludicrous plotting undermines the talented cast.
An hour and a half of high-voltage bombardment, 28 Weeks Later doesn't really match the novelty of its predecessor.
28 Weeks Later underlines the fact that when you come back from the grave, you're not always looking so fresh.
Terse, economical and infused with a low-fi feel that leaves its mark on everything from the film's light levels (low) to its music (mournful yet rocking), it's a sequel that surpasses the original.
While the plot is relatively predictable, the pacing will keep audiences riveted and likely fascinated by the ways Fresnadillo and his team deliver death and mayhem.
Director Juan Carlos Fresnadillo re-creates the gritty and spastic look of Days while brilliantly utilizing dark space and shadow to enhance the terror.
You might want to check out this pulse-pounder in the lull between swinging superheroes and yo-ho-ho'ing pirates. You may just discover that THIS is the little sequel that could.
Most post-apocalyptic thrillers make you wonder if humanity will survive before the film ends. This one makes you wonder how much of your own humanity will be lost before then.
No mere sequel but a dark, daring and politically charged follow-up that dances on the edge of the apocalypse.
When it was released, Danny Boyle's "28 Days Later" developed a cult following thanks to its irreverent approach to the tired zombie genre. Its sequel, "28 Weeks Later," cashes in on the same approach with a more intelligent script and story.
"28 Weeks Later" doesn't have the conceptual freshness of the first picture (no surprise), but it does stand on its own, which may be accomplishment enough. And if it's not a trail-blazing classic itself, the film's full-tilt jolt quotient is surely suffi
28 Weeks Later takes up where Danny Boyle left off, then continues where the weak-hearted pass out.
This sequel has more-fluid action and harder, meaner punches but never works our nerves like a speed bag in the way of its predecessor. Plus, it's too dumb to make its topical allegories any more than cursory coincidence.
Exciting, action-packed and superbly directed.
The worst horror is that the dark ending suggests a franchise in the making.
These zombies didn't walk anymore, they marauded and chased their victims down like a pack of rabid dogs.
It's breathless action from start to finish and a must-see for all schlock-horror fans.
Apart from a few nerve-jangling moments at the start and some snazzy digital effects, this is about as pointless and unnecessary as sequels get.
Zombie lovers, come out of your closets!
The first half of 28 Weeks Later is highly enjoyable, assuming you find things like cowardice, official incompetence, and nihilistic visions of the future entertaining.
A frantic follow-up that delivers jolts, claret and just enough character to make you care.
The age-old thrills of seeing monsters gouge a human's eyeballs have rarely been this elegantly packaged.
The way is left open for more movies in a lucrative franchise: 52 Weeks Later, 104 Weeks Later, or maybe Nine 1/2 Weeks Later, the porn version with Kim Basinger.
...immediately establishes itself as a cousin to its predecessor in both style and tone.
noticeably slicker and more elaborate than the original. Even so, it's not as eerie or consistently shocking.
Well worth seeing, especially for fans of the original. But all its brilliance only serves to compound the disappointing and pedestrian final half hour.
Aside from some gruesome twisty kills, Weeks Later overall is very predictable.
...a hard-driving horror film, that stays absolutely true to the premise...
It is almost as if the film is standing right on an audience's throat, the unrelenting nature of this biological terror every bit as gripping and pulse-pounding as it was in the 2004 original.
The sequel feels cut from the same cloth as its predecessor, and is nearly as good.
most concerned with the blood and gore rather than developing the story
Mixing it up between outright action and blinding sequences of terror, it's precisely the type of pace a sequel of this sort needs to satisfy fans
There's no better fun for movie lovers than a small, unheralded film that turns out to be terrific -- unless it's a small, unheralded sequel that trumps the original. Such is the case with 28 Weeks Later.
recoups from minor mistakes by making bold choices in the middle and third acts
A total failure.
28 Weeks Later lacks the streamlined thrust of its predecessor but makes for compelling, adrenaline-fueled viewing just the same.
28 Weeks Later is brutal and almost exhaustingly terrifying. It is also bracingly smart, both in its ideas and in its techniques.
Delivers enough chills to do its job. The mayhem is presented sparingly enough to be suspenseful, some of the sequences are genuinely terrifying.
Still well equipped to rip your face off.
Ultimately, 28 WEEKS LATER works on its own merits as a scary and enjoyable thrill ride.
The film isn't simply bad, it's a trainwreck.
And so as the world seemingly renews its dedication to taking itself straight to hell, even our horror movies suddenly seem less like mere entertainments and more like real-life fever dreams...
Juan Carlos Fresnadillo, a Spanish director best known for Intacto, takes over for Danny Boyle this time around. He has a disconcerting gift for shock effects.
The opening is fantastic, and the rest of it won't bore you, even if it's a little disappointing.
The first hour of this lean, mean, 95-minute scream machine is so tasty that it redeems the predictable conclusion.
The film has the energy of a relentless action thriller, memorable characters and significant ideas.
Swift, vicious and grimly imaginative, 28 Weeks Later exceeds its predecessor in every way.
Like 28 Days Later, this movie boasts a chilling atmosphere. The first film had a nightmarish "Could this really happen?" vibe running through it, boosted by the jittery photography and naturalistic acting. The new movie shares that feeling.
May give you nightmares--and hearing damage.
It's an experience for the smart part of your brain as well as its more reptilian corners. We can enjoy the aesthetic qualities, even as we cringe pleasurably from the shock-and-awe entertainment values.
While 28 Weeks Later ultimately falls shy of classic status, there are several hard-to-shake scenes -- nightmare visions, really -- that reveal the infected populace to be far less dangerous to the fabric of a civilized society.
Deals with emotional concerns for half an hour. Then it turns into a mindless bloodfest, where it's impossible to care which characters end on the zombie gore-gasbord.
An exciting, if uneven, action/horror hybrid.
Many things happen in 28 Weeks Later, but you watch all of them with a sense of detachment. There is idle curiosity about who will be killed next, and how, but no real investment in their fates.
A screeching and wearyingly hyperbolic exercise in film-school nihilism that finds buried meaning in the term overkill.
Bloodier and more action-filled than the original, Weeks nevertheless stays faithful to the grim, grimy tone director Danny Boyle established in his 2002 film with its haunting shots of a metropolis turned into a tomb.
Unlike the original's mordant mediation on the human condition, 28 Weeks Later is too caught up in zipping through a ruined London for either the characters or the film to ponder anything
The psychological damage inflicted here is worse than any bite wound.
The capital locations are put to cannily distressing use.
Boyle's film was first-rate ... but the pacing and structure seem tighter this time around.
Argue all you want that this is what kids do in horror movies, that doesn't make the silly set-ups any less annoying.
Punishing and exciting and ferociously intelligent in equal measure.
28 Weeks Later excels at creating a keen, creepy sense of a civilization stopped dead in its tracks.
The Zombie Anti-Christ arrives. How come not one non-zombie ever pretends and runs with, not away, from the bloodthirsty zombie mob? I would fake being infected.
Another week, another disappointing summer sequel. So it goes...
Tries way too hard to recapture the magic of the first movie ... lacks the emotional impact, replacing it with more common horror movie cliches.
28 Weeks Later rolls in like a poisonous dust cloud of nihilism.
A smashing horror film, frightening and thrilling.
28 Weeks Later starts strong, but it quickly disavows any potential it may have had as a dramatic piece and veers directly into inanity, eschewing character, tension or plot for a chase scene that lasts for maybe 45 minutes.
Even for a zombie-ghoul movie, its idiocy is beyond the pale.
A full-bore zombie romp that more than delivers the genre goods.
Unlike the original movie, it has absolutely nothing to say except stay tuned and give us your money.
Happy times! And superior horror. 28 Months Later can't come too soon.
Bigger action, more amazing deserted (and devastated) London sequences and biting contemporary relevance, if a touch less heart than the original.
We've heard that before. And we've seen it all before, as this woeful sequel presents a strained story and a barrage of turgid action that looks like inferior outtakes from the first movie.
Which is more dangerous or contagious? Zombie cannibalism or murderously aggressive US foreign policy? When a gory movie suggests that choice, you know the sci-fi genre has reached a new level of nihilistic cynicism.
As a pacy Saturday night shocker, it can't really be faulted.
It validates my faith in the disreputable.
Truly disturbing hard edge heavy metal laced scenes, however simulated, of the mass slaughter by military helicopter gunships of a mix of healthy and infected fleeing humans by their own government, really confounds as to who the actual monsters may be.
This isn't just a bad movie. It's a cut-and-paste example of how movie sequels are predictably inferior to their ancestors.
This film is a gross error of judgement for all concerned, from the predictably repetitive plot resting on the freaky premise of its progenitor to the anti-cinematic whiz-blur-cam that passes for cinematography.
Even better than the first film, generating more consistent characters and keeping us thoroughly entertained from grisly start to creep-out finish.










@highlight

While 28 Weeks Later lacks the humanism that made 28 Days Later a classic, it's made up with fantastic atmosphere and punchy direction.