The adult cast is an ensemble effort filled with solid performances.
Does an excellent job both making science fiction accessible for a younger audience.
Classic kids' fantasy in the spirit of Flight of the Navigator and ET.
I like to refer to it as "Donnie Darko" sans the violence if aimed towards kids...
Considering that parts are frightening, parts are nauseatingly sweet, and it's all confusing, it's not clear which demographic Mimzy is aiming for.
O'Neil and Wryn convey the occult and the mysterious with greater depth than you'd expect them to possess at their respective ages of 13 and 7.
Slight.
Quirky sci-fi adventure best for fantasy lovers.
For much of its scant 96 minutes Mimzy is rudderless in a muddle of metaphysical malarkey and time-travelling science fiction.
Mimsy seems watered down and limp, especially as it concludes.
...tries hard to be magical, charming, and endearing but remains mostly flat and lifeless.
A timely cautionary tale, even if its heartwarming message gets a little garbled along the way.
Incidentally, forget the toys, which seem to be upstaged by Wilson's underwear, reportedly the most expensive drawers ever in a movie.
Turgid twaddle.
Despite its attempt at being well-meaning family genre fare a la E.T., The Last Mimzy simply collapses under the considerable weight of its many bewildering plot elements.
It's a confused and confusing affair, though not without its felicitous moments.
Please enjoy this with your family and consider renting this when it comes out.
Perhaps those futuristic folks could send another Mimzy back in time to a better filmmaker like Joe Dante, who can do a better film adaptation of Padgett's story and beat Shaye to the punch.
New Line powerbroker/director Robert Shaye has made a children's film for stoners, a trippy, psychedelic fable that belongs in the DVD section of New Age bookstores alongside the strangely similar What The Fuck Do We Know?
A low-key sci-fi that has an offbeat charm all its own.
Unlike E.T., Mimzy isn't wrinkly or strange or even very mobile, nothing that might frighten the All-American youngsters who discover her on a beach near Seattle.
The flimsy story benefits from strong performance by the adults and an adorable one by Wryn. A cute kid can cover for a multitude of structural flaws.
An intelligent, thoughtful sci-fi mystery that both adults and children can enjoy.
Shaye's direction of The Last Mimzy is bland and undistinguished and assures his continued reign as a film executive.
It's refreshing to be reminded that an intelligent, exciting family movie isn't always an oxymoron.
This is a solidly impressive kids' sci-fi.
Occasionally arresting ideas and a non-condescending attitude to its pre-teen protagonists give this more character than many effects-driven family fantasies, even if it's ultimately too wonky in construction to sweep us along convincingly.
Sweet, smart, and tender: you can't say that about too many science-fiction movies.
The Last Mimzy's flight of fantasy sputters as the story's potential fails to reach any magical points.
A rare film told from a child's point of view that treats children with respect.
Special effects are sweet & stirring without taking over the film. A warm fuzzy mysteriousness. However, script could use some maturing & the film is rough around the edges.
This is an ill-conceived disaster from top to bottom.
The Last Mimzy falls short of its expectations to grasp the aura of an escapist kiddie flick that distinctively startles and probes.
Cliches notwithstanding, this trippy fantasy always keeps you watching, even if it is with open-mouthed bemusement.
Roger Waters' song is ultimately the work of a sell-out desperately trying to sound like a profound hippie prophet. As it happens, so is The Last Mimzy.
The special effects are kinda cheesy, and it's a low-rent E.T.
The Last Mimzy is that phenomenon as welcome as the first robin of spring, a kids' movie that is more than bearable for adults.
The script runs through the clichéd paces..., but with enough good humor and warmth to make this trip worth the ride.
Better than expected orthodox, New Age (R) prosthetizing.
It never loses that critical touch of all great children's stories--the feeling kids have of being in the center of what's important in the world.
There are weak spots in the story, but it's such a fun story, and there's so much warmth in the characters' relationships with one another, that it hardly matters.
This is a fun film for all.
At last! A feel-good geek film designed especially for 5th-grade conservationist Mensa students!
The children aren't given the chance to be amazed at their discoveries; the film is missing all the magic and wonder and most of all the fun of a real adventure.
Loud, weird, and something you don't want to spend too much time with.
It's Donnie Darko for kids.
Whatever your expectations may be...Is it about benevolent aliens from the future? Supernatural phenomena?...it may ultimately disappoint you with its cluttered derivativeness.
the farther you get from age 13, the more the film will lose appeal
Wholesome, eager entertainment that doesn't talk down.
The movie grows muddled with too many tedious segments involving adults.
While the film is by no means a close adaptation, it's a thoughtful and sincere interpretation that might actually get kids and their guardians thinking and talking.
The gentleness of the film is almost unique in this day and age. It's a true family movie, one that adults likely won't groan at when they are told that the problems of the future are because 'our precious quality of humanity had been turned off.'
Shaye gives the film a message well worth hearing: Today's kids, constantly distracted by electronic devices, don't spend enough time connecting with each other and with their families. But this idea is buried among too many talky scenes with the adults.
A good-looking, relatively ambitious movie that respects and enhances [sci-fi writer] Kuttner's vision.
The ultimate message of Mimzy seems to be: Help save the world, kids, but do it while enjoying the movie's preferred brand of lemon-lime soda.
While the end result of all this experimentation isn't entirely convincing or coherent, it's fairly entertaining and will probably appeal to the young audience at which it's aimed.
An involving fantasy for beamish boys and girls -- and their parents. At moments, Mimzy captures the moonbeam awe of E.T.
The family-friendly Mimzy should work well with its target audience of younger children.
A likable cast of adults displays the right amount of disbelief to make the kids' stiff acting easily ignored, and the occasional lapses into illogical hokiness are made up for by the imaginative spirit at the heart of the movie.
The picture grows pretentious in parts and the ending is anticlimactic.
After a slightly sluggish start, director Shaye directs with assurance, and the kids are delightful.
You'd be far better off tracking down the original tale than trying to untangle Bob Shaye's choppy adaptation.
Mimzy has action that makes it a bit too intense for small children but too tedious for grownups.
The film is clearly well-meaning but hampered by the heavy-handed direction of Robert Shaye and egregious use of James Horner's score, constantly cuing the warming of the heart.
A family film combining metaphysical issues, mind-bending special effects and children realizing how dissolute our society is becoming? Sounds like a movie for precocious stoners.
Beautifully crafted, ardently unsentimental story. Don't be afraid of the child stars -- they're amazingly un-Fanning.
Fails to balance the drama, comedy and supernatural elements. When Mimzy, the bunny, starts whispering orders, this little kid's movie threatens to turn into a horror film.
It doesn't help that this science-fiction adventure aimed at families tries to be a little headier and mind-blowing than it probably should be.
Science in the service of wonder can save a life and a world. And this pleasing, teasing, intelligent family flick can vastly improve a day.
You have to give credit to a film such as Mimzy that, unlike most quick ha-ha, make-a-buck stuff for kids, could actually get them thinking about making a difference in a world in desperate need of change.
The film is less geared toward the politics of today than it is to bigger questions of humanity, and thus, it hinges on the young actors, and how well they carry that dramatic weight. Both are very capable.
On the surface, it sounds like an E.T. clone. Oh, if only. Where Steven Spielberg's 25-year-old masterpiece had heart to spare, Mimzy is an emotionless empty shell.
The full resonance of Mimzy's meaning is better conveyed in its press notes than in the film itself, and Shaye's camerawork too often causes one to wonder what we're aren't seeing the frame and why.
True to the emotional reality of its young characters and young audience and flattering the latter into thinking way outside the box. There are worse things to teach than intellectual ambition.
So not only is The Last Mimzy saving the environment but also making a statement on government intrusion into private lives. It's clear director Robert Shaye has an agenda, and it tends to step on the rest of his movie.
Encourages viewers of all ages to Dream: Bigger, Sweeter, Smarter.
Exciting and affecting, The Last Mimzy is a great surprise. It's among this year's best films for families and anyone else who appreciates a great story well told.
The title stinks, that's as big an understatement as any I've probably ever uttered in a review, but that doesn't mean the movie still doesn't have its merits.
...a gleaming piece of kiddie sci-fi...
A sometimes spooky coulda-been classic with a genuine science-fiction premise; it's easy to imagine Professor Quatermass investigating the plot's alien toys instead of the Homeland Security operative played by Michael Clarke Duncan.
If this is what the guys who run the studios think movies ought to be like, it's a wonder that anything good comes out of the studios at all.
The secret to time travel, according to The Last Mimzy, bears a computer-chip corporate logo.
A New Age version of E.T....more fuzzy-headed and inarticulate than the title's stuffed bunny.
a fairly suspenseful, thoughtful fantasy. Older viewers might detect traces of 'Close Encounters of the Third Kind' or even Disney's 'Escape to Witch Mountain'...
...that rare family film that really can be enjoyed by the whole family...
The Last Mimzy, directed by New Line head honcho Bob Shaye, is very obviously aiming square at the ET target, which wouldn't be bad if Shaye had a clue what made ET work.
With The Last Mimzy coming on the heels of Bridge to Terabithia, I am tempted to declare that we are witnessing nothing less than a family film renaissance.
Mimzy lacks the insight of a seasoned professional. It's a grab bag of themes and sci-fi aspirations that elicit a majestic sense of "huh?" rather than awe.
a movie full of whimsical danger, but never seems to be about anything, even though you can feel the message desperately trying to break through the screen
A fun confection of science-fiction and Eastern religious concepts wrapped into a children's film that could just as easily pass as a stoner movie.
many parents in the audience will identify
A wonderful sci-fi tale that proclaims that the emotions, compassion, and wonder of children may hold the key to the survival of future generations.
The film wisely does not try to wow the CGI-savvy audience with its special effects, keeping them low-key enough to feel enticingly possible.
The film incorporates many beliefs and in its concern for the human condition makes a case for the past and present providing lessons the future can learn in a way that is reassuring, humane, thought-provoking and entertaining.
Awkwardly constructed, with a lame teacher-tells-a-story-in-the-future framework that gets the film off on the wrong foot. It takes a good, long while to get going, and the action doesn't exactly crackle when it does.
The movie strains credibility once the children and their parents are rounded up by a Department of Homeland Security even more incompetent than the real one, but for a family picture this is still superior.
The Last Mimzy, it should be said, is exceedingly mild whimsy. It also has a story that no doubt will be too diffuse for small children -- or the big adults who accompany them.
Goes about its business with a welcomely wry humor that undercuts the scenario's earnest New Age-y potential. If it isn't always crystal clear about what's on its mind, it speaks its heart in a language that kids totally get.
A tad unorthodox in today's times of fast and furious entertainment for kids, but those who take a chance on it will be pleasantly satiated.
[There's] a lot for two kids to handle, much less one kids' movie, and Mimzy's unsatisfyingly truncated ending doesn't even come close to pulling it all together.
The movie fails to supply us with an antagonist to work up some dramatic conflict. Nor are the toys themselves very interesting and Mimzy is a toy bunny of no distinction.
On its own lightweight terms, The Last Mimzy is a small gem. And it has the best family breakfast joke this side of Little Miss Sunshine.
The uninspired adaptation is made worse by a painfully pat summary introduction and ending, which take all the glory away from the sci-fi fantasy.
With its spiritual and metaphysical message, this fun-filled family entertainment goes far beyond whimsy.
Unfortunately, the movie triggers more intriguing ideas than it has the storytelling acumen to consolidate.
A capable, if modest, charmer. And for a sci-fi kiddie pic, it's unusually sparing with the special effects, which in this case rarely get in the way of the human factor.
All great children's stories treat their target audience seriously, and here Mimzy sees something simultaneously pure, naive, brave and tragic in its adolescent adventurers.
Watching the film, filled with time travel, universe-saving and just-crazy-enough-to-work inventions, took me back to my eighth birthday, watching "Flight of the Navigator" with unfettered wonder.
A pleasantly dorky adaptation of Lewis Padgett's 1943 sci-fi story directed by New Line honcho Bob Shaye.
Four credited writers haven't helped matters by moving the story forward in time and trend to turn it into a kind of What the Mimzy Do We Know? affair.
One of the few kids' movies that is so pedantically political as to attempt to show kids the evil that comes from the Patriot Act, which it vilifies by name.
The movie's poor focus and scattershot approach, while not without its charms, represents the kind of product that may divert children but will likely puzzle adults with its inconsistency.
Mimzy, whose charmingly retro FX date to around 1985, won't post Peter Jackson figures at the box office, but you can't say that Shaye doesn't have the magic touch.
Lumpy and misshapen like a dilapidated stuffed animal, The Last Mimzy is a kids movie that wants to be this generation's E.T. but doesn't know how to get there.
It dumbs down sci fi cliché in hopes of reaching a child audience, creating a false sense of wonder.
Once or twice a year, I just go nuts about a movie. It's all I think about. It occupies my mind because I'm so delighted with it. I imagine that I detect references to its themes everywhere I go. This is that movie for 2007.
This film should be enjoyable enough for children, but will perhaps be not quite enough to enthuse their parents
As the film builds to its nail-biting conclusion, the children will have connected with the War on Terror and foreign philosophical belief systems in the interest of mankind's salvation.
A reasonably engaging movie filled with fun visual effects and an appealing tone reminiscent of a certain Spielberg movie about an out-of-his-element extraterrestrial.
There are too many distracting elements to allow a viewer total immersion in the story.





@highlight

The Last Mimzy makes efforts to be a fun children's movie, but unsuccessfully juggles too many genres and subplots -- eventually settling as an unfocused, slightly dull affair.