Just crazy enough to capture something of the madness of Vietnam, domesticated enough that it's mostly something concrete that you put your arms around.
Epic war drama is extremely intense and graphically violent.
The performances are unforgettable, particularly by Christopher Walken as the dreamy, masochistic, Russian-looking Nick.
The movie won five Oscars and, if anything, improves with age.
The Deer Hunter is a rich and powerful picture that without a trace of patronisation or the slightest touch of cultural superiority, speaks eloquently for the inarticulate.
It has no more moral intelligence than the Clint Eastwood action pictures, yet it's an astonishing piece of work, an uneasy mixture of violent pulp and grandiosity, with an enraptured view of common life -- poetry of the commonplace.
In trying to measure the devastating impact of Vietnam on the lives of three American soldiers, Cimino brings home the true horror of that senseless conflict in a way that the 6 O'Clock News never could.
A powerful film made with impressive style, and one of the key films of the decade.
Michael Cimino's Oscar-winning epic The Deer Hunter brought the emotional, homefront legacy of the Vietnam War vividly to life for audiences around the world.
The idea of sacrifice permeates everything, along with the cruelty and horror. This is Cimino's masterpiece.
Heart-on-sleeve stuff that works despite some of its more egregious impulses.
Impressively, Cimino manages to fluctuate involvingly between cynicism and compassion in what feels like a three hour cinematic ache.
Art is long, we Cimino champions go on hopefully asserting. Life and injustice are short.
It's an American tragedy indebted to Russian literature, alive with detail and ritual and embedding viewers in the souls of men, the heart of a community and the spilled guts of a nation.
This multi-Oscar winner from Michael Cimino remains one of the finest and most controversial movies about the Vietnam War.
Robert De Niro is, once again, explosive in this stunning Vietnam movie.
Michael Cimino is better remembered for bankrupting United Artists Studios with "Heaven's Gate" (1980) than he is for making the highly-praised war picture that put him in a position to do such a thing in the first place.
Is it as good as its advance word and nine Academy Award nominations suggest? Yes.
The film's depiction of a senseless war remains relevant as long as power-hungry leaders continue to play Russian roulette with the lives of young soldiers.
Held together with a phenomenal cast, The Deer Hunter is a powerful film but also controversial in many ways.
Largely Ambitious, and not without flaws, Cimino's Oscar winning film is nonetheless an effective chronicle of the impact of Vietnam on a clique of close friends
The friendship between the three central characters, as well as their shared association with the men from their small hometown, is truthful and realistic in a way that most guys will find impossible to resist.
This excruciatingly violent, three-hour Viet Nam saga demolishes the moral and ideological cliches of an era: it shoves the audience into hell and leaves it stranded without a map.
The first half and second half of the film couldn't be more different but that is the genius behind the film.
The film is ambitious and it succeeds on a number of levels and it proves that Cimino is an important director who deserves to be watched carefully.
Like an honorable soldier, Cazale gave everything he had for a cause in which he believed.
Gauging the shifting moods of the 1970s, this tale of life and love disrupted by war is as arresting as a bullet to the brain.
A disgusting account of what the evil Vietnamese did to poor, innocent Americans stands at the center of this Oscar-laden weepie about macho buddies from a small industrial town.
A visceral film that says volumes about the horrors of war and its impact on the lives of typically well adjusted people.
This is probably one of the few great films of the Seventies.
It is a heartbreakingly effective fictional machine that evokes the agony of the Vietnam time.
A simultaneuosly touching and harrowing experience that puts the audience directly in the shoes of one man's experience of Vietnam.
A hollow movie that only play-acted at meaning; the sucker was us.
Draggy and devastating by turns
An emotionally devastating meditation on war, masculinity, and the human psyche.
Overlong, but with moments of greatness.
Brutally memorable.
Long but effective Vietnam drama. The russian roulette scenes are haunting.
Cimino's blistering and psychologically gripping account of the Vietnam-era damaged psyche. The Deer Hunter is an astonishingly potent and towering exploration on the war experience to ever be intensely filmed
Quite possibly the most overrated movie ever.
Its feelings for time, place and blue-collar people are genuine, and its vision is that of an original, major new film maker.
One of the greatest war films of all time.
A brilliant war movie with stunning performances.
A cinematic triumph and a powerful celebration of the dignity of ordinary individuals in peace and war.
It is clearly shown that even these close friends couldn't save each other from the tragic events of the war.
A lyrical, slow-to-unfold story of the devastating effects of a tour in Vietnam on three close friends.
The actors in the principal roles are so convincing and the movement of this story, told on such a grand scale, is so compelling that its greatness is undeniable.
The Deer Hunter (1978) is storywriter/producer/director Michael Cimino's epic, only his second film - a powerful, disturbing
[It dwarfs] almost any other film that deals with the ugly reality of war.















@highlight

Its greatness is blunted by its length and one-sided point of view, but the film's weaknesses are overpowered by Michael Cimino's sympathetic direction and a series of heartbreaking performances from Robert De Niro, Meryl Streep, and Christopher Walken.