It's well worth a viewing. Just try to avoid it when you have a good mood to ruin.
Neither Cotillard nor Fassbender can be trusted to deliver a single soliloquy; or, at least, I can't think of another reason the camera would so desperately wander during their speeches.
Whether it's the image of Macbeth rising from a body of water, or still slow-motion frames during all-out war to capture the intensity of everyone raging along on the battlefield, Macbeth is stunning to look at
Kurzel has delivered a lean and sparse adaptation, heavily trimmed and light on psychological depth. As a cinematic spectacle it is stunning. As a study of the play, it lacks that essential Macbethian ingredient: ambition.
This is a gripping, viscerally powerful if very violent production, with Michael Fassbender as Macbeth, Marion Cotillard as his wife, and the magnificent, mist-shrouded Scottish landscape all fighting for centre stage.
It may lack the fullness of Shakespeare's play, but it illustrates it in a way that draws you deeper into it.
... this 2015 cinematic depiction of Shakespeare's Macbeth, directed by Justin Kurzel and starring Michael Fassbender and Marion Contillard, is on a platform so high that the other depictions are unable to reach it.
This is a Macbeth that retains Shakespeare's language but makes free and easy with edits, rearrangements, and a few bold reinterpretations of key scenes.
The verse, in [Justin] Kurzel's hands, is barely even identifiable as poetry. But what is Shakespeare without the unforgettable language?
The most crucial flaw in Kurzel's Macbeth is that he surgically removes the strength, presence, and importance of the female characters found in the real Macbeth.
However, as intriguing as this interpretation is, it fails dramatically.
It screws the viewer's courage to the sticking-place, forcing them to look into corners of themselves they would rather not peer.
As far as justifying yet another version of "Macbeth" to the Brothers Weinstein goes, this ain't a half bad way to do it.
What's especially stunning about this assured adaptation is that it's Kurzel's second feature, after the stomach-turning Snowtown.
You've probably never seen The Scottish Play done quite like this.
Too many witches spoil the psychological broth
An unequal and controversial work, but it gets its own place in the adaptations of the original drama. [Full review in Spanish]
Kurzel goes back to the source. He gets mediaeval on you: The world of Macbeth is frontierland, a wild place cloaked in fog, mud and grass. Everything looks lived-in and worn out.
Macbeth shows the director's fascination with the allure of power, violence and sadism, and how some relationships thrive (and then rapidly unravel) on a total absence of moral compunction.
A terrifying, seemingly irreversible dirge, gloomy and rainy and blood-soaked.
What's most striking about the film, which will doubtless annoy textual purists but will surely excite movie fans, is how eerily quiet it is.
The merit of any Shakespearean adaptation rests heavily on its actors, and Michael Fassbender and Marion Cotillard are well suited to the narrative's conflicts.
While the look of the film brilliantly sets the scene, the actual storyline never makes you feel anything other than awe for the gorgeous visual background.
Michael Fassbender makes a magnificently unhinged man-who-would-be-king, but more than meets his match in the spidery charms of Marion Cotillard's Lady Macbeth.
Michael Fassbender's grave Macbeth is immaculate from the start; he is forged on the battlefield and never seems to leave it.
Live by the sword, die by the sword, as the old saying goes, and what a fantastic homage this is to one of history's best dramaturges. [Full Review in Spanish]
The present edition, in spite of an impressive cast, is a blood bath that is more violent than any before, but to no avail.
Perhaps the fiercest cinematic translation of Shakespeare to date.
'Macbeth' lives valiantly and dies soddenly by its decision to substitute so much of the Bard's poetry with beautiful but empty visuals.
A worthy 'Macbeth' refresher course, highlighted by Michael Fassbender's feverish Macbeth and Marion Cotillard's simmering Lady Macbeth.
The two-hour film is full of synthesized sound and fury, and what it signifies is not worth watching.
Bold, insightful and bracingly cinematic.
Not all of your favorite scenes may be here, but the ones that are, will satisfy.
Striking visuals guide the way more breathlessly than any footnote could.
This is a powerful, well acted and directed (Justin Kurzel) adaptation, which gives unusual depth to the character of Lady Macbeth. It gives additional force to the play's message about the evil and corruption which can result from great ambition.
Fassbender and company do justice to the Bard's 'Double, Double Toil and Trouble' classic .
This film is heavy into style and it was a style that will have selective appeal. But the story is strong enough to hold the audience captive with what is, as comes as no surprise, a good
It capture the spirit and the poetic greatness with remarkable eloquence. [Full revies in Spanish]
Blunt, dreamy and visceral new adaptation of the immortal work of William Shakespeare, technically very lucid and brilliantly defended by Michael Fassbender and Marion Cotillard. [Full review in Spanish]
Fassbender and Cotillard deliver mesmerising lead performances which are both compelling and realistic.
Kurzel has put together an adaptation worthy of 'The Scottish Play', but less powerful than the sum of its parts suggests. [Full Review in Spanish]
Too bad it also transmits a certain narrative tiredness because it follows too closely the original play. [Full Review in Spanish]
Few would argue how powerful and effective this last adaptation turned out to be. [Full Review in Spanish]
There's a lot to like on a conceptual level, but the execution is one-note and monotonous.
In a word: brilliant.
Michael Fassbender and Marion Cotillard are fabulous in this new adaptation of the classic Shakesperean tale. [Full review in Spanish]
Many great actors have been felled by this, and now it's Michael Fassbender's turn in the latest big-screen version of Macbeth.
Not without its impressive moments, but like so many of the earlier screen adaptations, this 'Macbeth' falls short.
It makes lucid the themes and characters with a wide-ranging color palette and strong, internalized performances. And it sure beats CliffsNotes.
When a film version of 'Macbeth' jettisons the witches' 'Something wicked this way comes' cauldron speech for long stretches of showy slow-motion action-violence, its priorities are awry.
It's a striking production, well-acted, that sets a powerfully dark tone and mood, and is a remarkable visionary film.
While the rest of Macbeth flounders a bit in trying to find its footing in what kind of film it wants to be, Fassbender is a force to be reckoned with, delivering Shakespearean dialogue with ease
It's all rendered competently, but far from rousingly.
Cotillard and Fassbender's... work justifies yet another reiteration of a story well-worn, yet still dramatically and thematically potent, bleak and grim as it may be.
The visuals tend to overwhelm the performances and the dialogue, making for a deeply introspective film that's difficult to penetrate.
As Macbeth, Fassbender -- consumed with power and guilt once he takes the throne -- is both terrifying and pitiful, a study of murderous resolve and inner disintegration. Cotillard is just as compelling.
Kurzel's version of "Macbeth" is smart, assured and visually stunning. It's no double, double toil and trouble at all.
This Macbeth digs into the collision between the urge to create life and the urge to destroy it, and in so doing addresses the challenge facing any retelling of an oft-told tale: It provides a justification for its own existence.
Macbeth is an effectively grim and well-acted Shakespeare adaptation, but prioritizes style over substance.
For all the slick film-school craft Kurzel layer into the project, it's sad that the bard's snappy poetic language is unceremoniously culled. It's there in pen, but falls limp from the tongue.
Director Justin Kurzel seems to have set out to answer the question, "What if the supremely ambitious Thane of Glamis (played here by Michael Fassbender) was a druggie?"
Spectacular looking, full of less sound than fury, signifying not very much.
This is a contradictory "Macbeth." The plot appears to rush through its petty paces; at the same time, however, the actors seem to be performing in slow motion.
Very bloody take on Shakespeare's classic tale of betrayal.
Macbeth is the cinematic equivalent of an actor attempting to convey an understanding of a Shakespeare soliloquy by reciting it as quickly as possible.
This screen adaptation of the famous Scottish play is very Scottish, very bloody and very clever, if inconsistently so.
"MacBeth" is serious business indeed, and in the hands of director Justin Kurzel, it becomes bloody serious business. Very bloody serious business.
The subtle, devious performances of Michael Fassbender and Marion Cotillard are reason enough to check out the latest cinematic take on the Shakespearean tragedy.
All blood and ice, a stirring, unflinching retelling of Shakespeare's tale of a Scottish thane, his ambitious wife and a terrible deed that haunts them, leaving their hands forever stained.
It stars Michael Fassbender as the murderous general of infamy and Marion Cotillard as his complicit wife. Two of the world's finest actors, they make a magnetic pair.
The fundamental problem with this "Macbeth" is that it insists on reducing the mystery of motivation to the pop psychology of a magazine article.
His Macbeth does at times fall into that all-too-common trap of Shakespeare: more concerned with cleverly - or, in this case, gorgeously - playing with well-known themes than actually making us feel them.
Michael Fassbender and Marion Cotillard contribute stiff, actorly performances, and director Justin Kurzel seems more concerned with getting the right squishy sound for a dagger thrust to the intestines than with any kind of thematic thrust.
This is a visceral, down-and-dirty Macbeth, filmed on rugged Scottish highlands and heaths you can practically feel and smell, and featuring ruddy-faced actors trudging through mud.
However skillful, Fassbender and Cotillard perform as if nervous about being one of those ham actors who "struts and frets his hour upon the stage." Or two hours on the screen.
Kurzel and cinematographer Adam Arkapaw's vision is one of pummeling beauty. You could drop out the sound and be content with their red- and blue-bathed sceneries of mayhem, the white fog that obscures a blighted land.
Director Justin Kurzel's adaptation is a razor-sharp stab at Shakespeare's body of work, delivered with advanced butchery skills.
Why do we need another "Macbeth?" There's a two-part answer: A) Michael Fassbender. B) Marion Cotillard.
If Macbeth comes off at times like a Classics Illustrated comic-book adaptation (there is one, from 1955), it can also be quite moving, quite troubling, haunting, even.
It's a world of filthy sensation, rain and smoke-smear, chafe and reek, framed with agility and colored through-and-through with physicalized dread.
"Macbeth" takes liberties with the particulars of the Shakespeare play, but is fascinatingly true to its spirit.
"Macbeth" possesses a terrible beauty, evoking fear, sadness, awe and confusion. Presented with the aesthetic of a dark comic book, it's also a mournful masterpiece ...
The antique weapons, ancient mud-splattered costumes and faces so caked with dirt that the expressions are often obliterated make this a visceral Macbeth, if far from flawless in other areas.
The play feels vital once again, returning to theaters with a riveting sense of doom.
This Macbeth is a solid enough version, intense and violent, and well-acted by a strong cast, including Fassbender and Cotillard.
While the Big Scenes are rendered with a ravishing starkness, the connective tissue that's allowed to remain tends to fall away into a low-toned dirge.
Tside from a handful of stunning shots, the film often drags while its new ways of approaching the text fail to bring anything new to the table.
Fassbender gives a Highland-straddling performance to present the toil and mental trouble that results from this treacherous act.
The visuals outweigh the words. Ideally, they should enhance the words, but here they tend to overtake them. I don't think it's the best approach to Shakespeare.
Offers non stop visual delight and unexpected twists and turns. [Full review in Spanish]
A breathtaking adaptation of William Shakespeare's classic, visually impressive and full of great performances. [Full review in Spanish]
An impresive take versión of the play that brings new audiences to William Shakespeare's classic. [Full review in Spanish]
The film's unvariegated tone, one supposes, is meant to convey a seriousness of purpose and apocalyptic foreshadowing, but here reads as a limitation of visual imagination and emotional intuition.
At once ferociously medieval and achingly contemporary, this is the Macbeth our haunted, fearful times require.
Unfortunately, this promising revision is delivered in lugubrious terms by a self-conscious director who cannot ever change the tone of the play without endlessly calling attention to those changes.
Kurzel gives Macbeth an interesting twist: The lust for power isn't a end but a way to relieve the grief for his son's death. [Full Review in Spanish]
The visual merits might have eclipsed the human story, but Fassbender and Cotillard supply the necessary emotion.
Marion Cotillard's Lady Macbeth, however, is a triumph. She seems transfixed by her own capacity for evil, and her mad scene is one of the most unhistrionic, and therefore spookiest, ever filmed.
No one does huge, tremulous, wide-eyed emotion better than Cotillard, and she's thrilling in the part ...
While the scale of the battles and the scenery is enormous and awe-inspiring, some of the more famous moments and lines arrive in understated fashion in intimate spaces.
Macbeth has never been as bloody, brutal, or ferocious as in director Justin Kurzel's new translation, which is saying something.
A droning, moaning, tone deaf presentation in which nobody - not even the Bard - ever makes themselves truly heard.
Mr. Fassbender gives you a reason to see this "Macbeth," although the writing isn't bad, either.
We should all be so lucky to have this majestically raw picture become the new standard for screen adaptations of The Bard.
This Macbeth brings war, post-traumatic stress disorder and grief to the fore in a more visceral way than others have been able to show, and in this way Kurzel has put his stamp on the canon of Macbeth film adaptations.
Jed Kurzel's ("The Babadook") edgy, discordant violin score presages the events that will turn the noble Macbeth into traitorous tyrant.
If you haven't seen Marion Cotillard play Lady Macbeth, you really haven't seen the role inhabited with the glorious fire and ice it needs to haunt your dreams. Purists will raise holy hell. Screw them.
Even less initiated viewers will find themselves immersed in this classic medieval tragedy, a kind of "Macbeth" for the "Game of Thrones" crowd.
Stripped of rhythm, nuance, and grandeur, the verse functions as a prosaic device for delivering the plot. Macbeth becomes the simple story of a war hero egged on by his ambitious wife to attain the monarchy via regicide.
Amid all the bloodshed of the latest film adaptation of the Scottish play, there is an eerie beauty to the treachery.
Kurzel and three screenwriters have figured out a way to make "Macbeth" boring. Now that they proved it can be done, no one need ever do it again.
While no movie that stars Michael Fassbender and Marion Cotillard could signify nothing, this one doesn't signify a whole lot.
Manages to be faithful to Shakespeare's gloriously evocative language while taking the play in a new visual direction, toward deep-red fire, brimstone, and Grand Guignol gore and savagery.
The battle sequences are impressive on a technical level, but how the director tackles the interior conflicts is just as powerful, if not more so.
This is a fine adaptation, and it continues to prove what an immensely powerful actor Michael Fassbender is.
A raw, muddy and appropriately blood-spattered take on the Scottish Play that sees a muted Michael Fassbender upstaged by Marion Cotillard's grief-stricken Lady Macbeth.
The most perverse thing in the film is Marion Cotillard, whose big-eyed vulnerability makes her an outside-the-box Lady Macbeth.
[A] jaggedly beautiful but sometimes jarring film.
If he could travel in time, I believe William Shakespeare would be really pleased with this adaptation of his tragical Macbeth. [Full Review in Spanish]
Kurzel's film, and all its gloomy tableaux, is a troubled dream arising from the text - not just another setting for it.
Throughout, director Justin Kurzel's stagey pretensions clash with each of his aesthetic choices.
The problem is not that Kurzel cuts the words, which is his absolute right, but that he destroys the conditions from which they might conceivably have sprung.
Fassbender is, in any case, the right Macbeth for the film that's little more than a chamber-music dirge, but his dullness made me wonder if he's really all that.
Kurzel Justin lets his own version of Macbeth get stuck with you. [Full review in Spanish]
Justin Kruzels adaptation of the classic Shakesperian tragedy is more than worthy of having the same title. [Full review in Spanish]
Australian director Justin Kurzel gives the classic Shakespeare tragedy a psichological spin. [Full review in Spanish]
A solid new version of the classic Shakespeare play with minor but good changes to some dialogue. [Full review in Spanish]
This version of Shakespeare's tragedy never really feels grandly tragic.
the film makes the worst choice in cinematic adaptation. You know what they can't do on stage? Shaky cam! Why stare at theatrical actors on a level stage when you could see even less with a camera jerking around?
An efficient and modernized take on classic literature. [Full review in Spanish]
An opulent story drowned in blood and mist, more ingenious than virtuous. [Full reviewn in Spanish]
Shakespeare's Scottish play returns to the big screen with earthy energy, visual style and roaring performances.
Kurzel's Macbeth is definitely not to every taste, solidifying its tragedy almost into a mire for the viewer to wade through, but it's definitely a worthy and valid interpretation of one of theatre's most famous and bloody kings.
Marvelously brooding and spirited.
One of the most cinematic Shakespeare adaptations ever put to screen...as compelling in its moments without dialogue as it is when the characters are speaking.
The artificial dialogue clashes with the austere realism of director Justin Kurzel's approach, but Macbeth should be seen for its striking horror style and Michael Fassbender's mentally-scarred take on the title character.
The script, basically, is obsessed with dead, dying or doomed kids and, thanks to the chemistry between the big names and the young cast, the effect is intense.
I was hoping this production would inject some urgency and empathy into the rather oppressive tale. Unfortunately, it does not.
This is very much Shakespeare in the wild, its poetry visual rather than verbal.
A well-made, arrow-straight, disappointingly conventional version of Shakespeare's greatest potboiler...the film simply droops in comparison to earlier versions.
It is effective in its own dour way and some of the set-pieces are magnificent but, watching it, you feel as if you are being pummelled.
Spearheaded by Michael Fassbender's mesmerising lead performance, this tragic tale grips your senses from the beginning and never lets go.
Kurzel makes full use of his medium, which can't be said of all cinematic adaptations of Shakespeare plays.
Macbeth has been previously well served by Roman Polanski and Akira Kurosawa but Kurzel has fashioned a pared-down success of his own.
This ferocious, masterful interpretation of the Scottish play lets rip with an onslaught of visual and emotional bravado, setting its story of ruthless ambition and spilt blood amid billowing smoke and red, raging fire.
The performances are astonishingly intense, their sound and fury signifying everything.
This arresting adaptation of the most cinematic of Shakespeare's plays is as near to definitive as Roman Polanski's celebrated 1971 version.
Inspired, innovative, stunning, with unforgettable performances and images, this is up there with the great screen Shakespeares.
This Macbeth is a magnificent tragedy, and with it Kurzel stakes his claim as one of the most exciting directors working today.
The film is far too enthralled by Fassbender's animal magnetism to make any profound enquiry into what oils Macbeth's cogs. Alas, what's done cannot be undone.
It's a rough, primitive kingdom that Kurzel has built but there are rules, dictated by kin and comradeship, and the Macbeths' violation of them is shown to be a genuinely tragic folie a deux. It's great Shakespeare.
This is a prettily mounted, visually arresting Macbeth with high cinematic style. If there had been more Shakespeare in this Shakespeare, the flourishes might not have seemed so stifling.
The wind-blasted Scottish moors are the perfect landscape for this cold-blooded story, and in setting the story in its exact time and place, Kurzel exposes the severity of these characters' lives, while also obliquely commenting upon our own expectations.
One of the most visceral storytelling experiences on screen this year.
Despite attempting to marry contemporary video game devices with the traditional dialogue, Macbeth is ultimately lacking a clear stylistic identity.
Shakespeare like a western: spare and savage.
Mood and tone are everything .. and what better than music and sound to drive that home in tandem with the images
A powerful visceral statement in which imagery and music almost overshadow the dialogue, Justin Kurzel's Macbeth is a stunning and ambitious piece of cinema
Kurzel's pretty, remote Macbeth is one of those stage-to-screen translations that never quite leaps to life. It is recitation more than adaptation.
When it flies, it's riveting. When it doesn't, it's still pretty damn good.
Fassbender, as Macbeth, is bristling and demented in equal measure; Cotillard, as Lady Macbeth, is creepy and enthralling.
Justin Kurzel's film is most compelling when advancing its familiar plot through associative editing.
[Macbeth] is both a faithful recreation and daring re-reading of the source, and ranks as one of the greatest Shakespeare movies ever made.
No matter how heightened this Macbeth gets, it always feels lived-in.
Drenched in darkness and illuminated by hellfire, Macbeth is a grand yet grizzly story of power, violence and madness.
Macbeth is a cinematic psychedelic; hypnotic, jarring and reaches through your eyes to clutch your brain stem and rattle it around.
Fassbender's on career-best form, Marion Cotillard makes a wonderfully witchy Lady Macbeth, and Sean Harris's grief-shattered McDuff is the scariest of the lot.
From the opening scarlet-and-black titles, Shakespeare's play is more eviscerated than adapted, in a lean, mean and powerful piece of cinema.
Definitive telling of Billy S's play this may not be, but as an entertaining/effective variation upon them it's a remarkable work. With visuals as dark and brooding as its titular character, it stands well alongside its peers while carving its own path.
Kurzel's chilling debut feature, the 2011 true-crime thriller Snowtown, suggested the then-37-year-old Australian filmmaker was a talent to watch. But this towering, consistently ingenious film establishes him as a director to cherish.
There are imperfections in this Macbeth but it has a raw, haunting power that is hard to deny.
The braw news is that Justin Kurzel - Australian director of the agreeably horrible Snowtown - has knocked together the most muscular, propulsive version yet seen.
Fassbender and Cotillard are superb in Kurzel's visionary adaptation, but it still feels a bit thin.
[CANNES 2015] ...one of the worst adaptations of a Shakespeare play ever to be projected onto a movie screen.
In Kurzel's "Macbeth," the beautiful ferocity and complexity of Shakespeare's "Macbeth" is reborn, forged in iron, blood, and fire.
Kurzel has created a visually-striking hell that is all of Macbeth's own making.
There is a lot of sound and fury in this Macbeth, but not without meaning.
Marion Cotillard and Michael Fassbender excel in Justin Kurzel's thrillingly savage interpretation of the Scottish Play.
An intensely compelling work.
Whatever viewers think of Kurzow's Macbeth, they won't be thinking of Polanski's Macbeth or Welles' Macbeth or any other Macbeth when they see it - and that's a considerable achievement in itself.

@highlight

Faithful to the source material without sacrificing its own cinematic flair, Justin Kurzel's Macbeth rises on the strength of a mesmerizing Michael Fassbender performance to join the upper echelon of big-screen Shakespeare adaptations.