... it's all about Dan Stevens. He is simply terrific as David.
Shades of Shadow of a Doubt, not to mention a certain recent action-thriller franchise, abound in Adam Wingard's latest...
Fueled entirely on [Dan] Stevens's charisma and its synthpop score, The Guest starts out intriguing until you realise the film and its protagonist are utterly vacant.
The Guest makes a strong case for Wingard as our next great action director.
The kind of immediate pop artifact that's sure to keep many veteran filmmakers awake at night.
If The Guest were a colour it would be the neon blue of its title card: a little bit show-off, a little bit retro, but it'll definitely brighten your night.
...[Dan Stevens] plays wholesome, aloof, seductive, dangerous, psychotic... He nails every single beat.
Barrett and Wingard are more about exploring the wish-fulfillment than getting into any deep psychological warfare. Still, the screenplay knows just when to create more menace and move on, and it escalates the craziness right up to the breaking point.
One of the many pleasures of director Adam Wingard's tough, fun thriller "The Guest" is seeing Matthew Crawley -- er, British actor Dan Stevens -- serve up a mesmerizing star turn of psycho charm.
This 1980s-style movie has wickedly pleasing aplomb. As fantasy escapism, it's brave, colorful and entertaining for audiences who can handle substantial carnage.
A slow-burn approach seems to pose a challenging change-up for the filmmakers, who struggle to build tension as the second acts stretches well past the point when the level of menace should be escalating.
Wickedly entertaining.
It's not a particularly brilliant conceit, but, not unlike Stevens's beautifully one-note performance, it's evocative nevertheless -- lending the whole movie an aura of pop inevitability, turning its blunt predictability into something of a virtue.
The ultimate genre movie love letter.
Dan Stevens puts Downton behind him to become a CIA-built killing machine laying low in a New Mexico small town, in Adam Wingard's bonkers new thriller.
While Stevens is the highlight the rest of the cast does entertaining work too including Lance Reddick and Joel David Moore in small roles.
Picture Commando as a psychological thriller. Imagine Halloween as a theme park ride. Think Drive as a comedy.
While the tone is uneven and the climax something of a disappointment, The Guest is a film that succeeds thanks to the audacious efforts of its writer and director and the talents of an excellent cast.
While you can practically hear Wingard and screenwriter Simon Barrett giggling with self-satisfaction from behind the camera, the ending feels like a shrug.
Enjoyable horror-lite.
Stevens has a great ability to turn on the charm in one moment, then drop it and go deadly serious in the next, and the way you're never sure what's actually coming out of David is one of the film's pleasures.
Shot in lurid colors and drizzled with a squelchy synthesizer score, Adam Wingard's bloody thriller is so enamored of John Carpenter it might as well be passing him mash notes in social studies.
It's all anchored by a magnetic lead performance from Downton Abbey star Dan Stevens.
The Guest has a fine premise, but thanks to the sloppy execution, the full potential of the story is never realized.
Another top notch utterly fantastic genre entry from Adam Wingard that works hard to deliver audiences the unexpected.
Absurd and stupid but fabulously entertaining, crafted with steadfast commitment to seeing that stupidity through to its conclusion.
Despite a delightfully creepy performance by Stevens, the script turns more conventional by sacrificing narrative coherence for generic self-aware bloodletting.
...a glorified straight-to-video actioner...
The Guest borrows from other genre pictures with such intelligence and clarity of purpose, it manages to feel fresh, exciting.
In a just world, this small but handsome film would turn [Dan Stevens] into a full-blown movie star.
The pleasures of The Guest lie mainly in anticipating how the next expected corner will be turned.
Nothing can stop the wicked smoulder of Stevens, who makes a smile seem like a weapon of mass destruction.
Even when the pieces of this puzzle don't quite mesh, the result is consistently surprising.
The Guest ravels smartly; and, after too many herky-jerky entries in the faux-found-footage subgenre, it's nice to see a scare film with a pearly visual style, which gives the enterprise the patina of both elegance and plausibility.
It feels like a throwback of sorts, a new movie reminiscent of John Carpenter's twisted work from the 1980s, including the diabolical electro-synth score.
A worthy heir to the horror traditions John Carpenter and Joseph Ruben, whose 'The Stepfather' provided the template for this story in which a figure who should be worthy of trust insinuates his way into an all-American family with deadly consequences.
A horror movie that pokes fun at itself and still gets the job done.
"The Guest" remains watchable through the finish, but all pretense that this is some kind of attempt at a good movie goes out the window after the first hour.
The Guest is what might happen if John Carpenter made a Halloween movie in which Michael Myers takes off his mask and turns out to be a pretty cool guy.
The director Adam Wingard joins the ranks of the current masters of unease with this suspenseful horror tale.
The crazier the movie gets, the better it is -- the climax is set in a homemade fun house complete with billowing artificial fog, and it works first as comedy, then as mild suspense, and, finally, as surprise.
With The Guest, Wingard and Barrett have once more upped the ante for the indie horror flick pack.
Director Wingard and writer Simon Barrett (the team that brought us You're Next) created a horror film that's brutally vicious yet has a flair for fun.
In some respects, "The Guest" resembles Hitchcock's "Shadow of a Doubt." Instead of an uncle-niece relationship, you have a fully grown daughter crushing on an army buddy of her late brother.
The Guest isn't here to deliver an earnest social message about the state of veterans' affairs. Instead, the way good horror movies do, it channels our collective fear, guilt, and rage by creating a monster.
Wingard creates a story out of fascinating, prickly human interactions. The movie has its share of crazy thrills, but it's the characters that really make it work.
Dan Stevens is mesmerizing as the avenger, helping director Adam Wingard turn The Guest into a blast of wicked mirth and malice.
The Guest transcends the genre with characters who could have come out of a more serious movie. When they're in peril, we actually care.
To note that "The Guest" is not for everyone is to belabor the obvious. But for fans of smart, well-made horror, it's a treat.
That's a familiar setup, but Barrett and Wingard take it in one unexpected direction after another, displaying obvious pleasure in their mad dash to keep topping themselves.
Buffed and beefed-up Downton Abbey actor Dan Stevens instantly steps into the A-minus casting arena for his relatively complex, layered performance as a mysterious drifter who claims to be an ex-soldier named David.
An '80s style action thriller that turns out to be more suspenseful and keenly plotted than most, with a compelling centerpiece performance by Dan Stevens (Downton Abbey) that deserves attention.
For much of its running time, "The Guest" plays an interesting guessing game with the audience.
Dumb fun is rarely this smartly delivered.
A Grade-A, self-aware homage to cult cinema ... For genre nuts, this can't be recommended enough.
The opening locates us easily and confidently in space, time, mood, and genre. "The Guest" delivers on that initial promise.
Wingard's direction is a robust throwback to the VHS gorefests of yore, but with a distinctly more modern slickness and snap.
Yes, it's all just a regurgitation of murder machine tropes - right up to the very end shot - but as regurgitations go, "The Guest" is fine, sick fun.
Stevens is incredibly effective in a role that an actor could easily miscalculate.
Endlessly fun.
The Guest is a thriller, but first and foremost, it's a thrill, like all of Cinemax, ever, died and went to heaven... (The true social issue film is always a genre film with much on its cunning termite mind.)
I enjoyed it from beginning to end, and if you've been lamenting the dearth of violent genre movies that don't assume the audience to be morons, you will too.
Together with the writer Simon Barrett, whose canny scripts flip and swerve at unexpected moments, Mr. Wingard is building a résumé that pays at least as much attention to character and story as it does to scares and body count.
Director Adam Wingard and writer Simon Barrett have fashioned a sly, entertaining tip of the hat to '70s-era John Carpenter films that also works on its own terms as crafty popcorn entertainment that never devolves into parody.
Good for some cheap thrills, and will probably satisfy fans whose nostalgia it seeks to tweak, but I couldn't jibe with it.
May be trash, but it's grade-A trash, an absurdly enjoyable piece of pulp hokum that's a throwback to some of the best B-movies of the seventies and eighties.
For those looking for shrewd satire to mix in with rousing action, this is a guest you won't want to turn away.
But it's an unusually clever and even subtle genre movie, one that gives viewers everything they expect plus an extra little turn of the screw. And what more could you ask?
David's perversity as a character is mostly disarming for how it illuminates the sadness with which a foe can so readily be confused for a savior.
Rest easy, America. The Guest can take on ISIL single-handedly--after entertaining the terrorist army with a clever script.
Dan Stevens rips his cosy Downton Abbey image to shreds with a mesmerising performance as a cold-blooded killer in this slick, suspenseful, explosively exciting, darkly comic psycho thriller.
Completely ridiculous. And entertaining as hell.
The coat of irony helps when the film takes a major pivot in tone, and Stevens is unnervingly placid as the corn-fed terminator.
It has enough bright spots to make it zing.
Better than peeling potatoes in jankers.
At the centre of it all there's Stevens, and it's hard to overestimate just how much fun he is here.
'[C]inema is over, man, and there's nothing left but a death spiral of sarcastic self-reference reflecting and refracting around a dismal hall of movie mirrors and taunting us with the echoing emptiness our creatively bankrupt souls.'
The Guest is assured of cult classic status in years to come, but will hopefully entertain the masses with its winning blend of crowd-pleasing humour and suspense.
Wingard and Barrett's increasingly ludicrous schlocker has plenty of fun with genre convention, unafraid to laugh at itself as the bodies pile up and the knowing nods and winks become manic twitches.
This may be a retrograde adolescent wish-fulfilment fantasy, sadistic and violent, but it's also slickly made and has real satirical bite.
Stevens is a charismatic antihero and the film plays expertly with genre expectations, leading to an inspired showdown in a haunted house prepared for a high-school dance.
There are several moments in the film when I had absolutely no idea whose side I was on.
Suddenly, we seem to be trapped in a cheap, corny rehash of B-movie cliches from the 1980s and you can't wait for it to slink away into a corner and disappear.
It all escalates into an arch, knowing throwback to 80s horror-thrillers that's muddled in parts but never less than entertaining: think a trashier version of last year's Stoker.
I've gone from being practically unable to stand [Stevens] to startled admiration in a single move.
Mainstream audiences may find this too oddball to appreciate as a straight thriller. But tune into its strange frequency and there is much to enjoy - perhaps even adore.
A set-up rich with metaphorical potential is squandered.
Monroe and Meyer lend perfect support as siblings caught in David's web, but this is Stevens' show. Invite him in now.
You can't help but leave feeling a little underwhelmed, in spite of the fact you had enjoyed yourself for the vast majority of the feature.
An effectively bloody, breakneck ride, given an extra coat of alluring gloss by the John Carpenter-influenced 1980s styling that is currently all the rage in the genre.
Cool as you like one second, camp as Christmas the next, this entertainingly overpumped action-horror will have genre fans (and their mums) grinning from ear to ear.
I honestly can't remember the last time I had this much fun at the movies, so I'm just gonna come out and say it: This is my favorite movie of the year.
In Wingard's fun, genre-savvy thriller, the post-9/11 subtext proves the most insidious interloper.
Wingard's flick is an affectionate knock off - the kind of film that should really be on VHS and three day loan for a pound fifty.
Stevens visibly relishes every second of his blue-eyed bad boy's screen-time; it's a brilliantly perverse casting coup enhanced by Barrett's devilish dialogue, while Wingard directs with flamboyance and precision.
Director Adam Wingard and screenwriter Simon Barrett have really outdone themselves with The Guest, with chilling black comedy and astounding visual panache it is the most fantastically entertaining action flick of recent memory.
A dark, slick, and appealing thriller that pulls suspense from some very cool places.
A peculiar mix of suspense, humor, violence, and beloved genre tropes.
The director-writer team have crafted a great-looking and sincere genre throwback without resorting to pastiche of some of their peers.
Wingard wreaks havoc on another nuclear family in this giddily violent treat for genre fans.
So much fun. Wingard shows serious action chops, and DOWNTON ABBEY star Dan Stevens completely reinvents himself as a sort of Jason Bourne by way of THE TERMINATOR & Michael Myers.
Knowingly melodramatic, wonderfully cheesy and all-out bonkers, The Guest is an absolute blast from beginning to end.
A smart takedown of iffy but commonly held values that forces a civilian family to confront the ethically complicated, though undeniably pragmatic first strike philosophy of the modern military.
A hilariously badass '80s throwback that continually shifts gears and keeps you guessing to the very end

@highlight

Boasting enough intelligence to bolster its darkly violent thrills, The Guest offers another treat for genre fans from director Adam Wingard.