F For Fake is minor Welles, the master idly tuning his instrument while the concert seems never to start again. But it's engaging and fun, and it's astonishing how easily Welles spins a movie out of next to nothing.
I enjoyed every dubious minute of this bit of hanky-panky.
The result is a curious, unsatisfactory pastiche of documentary tidbits acquired from Reichenbach and speculative filler supplied by Welles himself.
The last film to be completed by Orson Welles is also probably his most challenging. A tricksy combination of documentary, discourse and sleight of hand, F for Fake is as elusive as it is playful.
For all its nods, winks and witty asides, it's a richly personal work, picking over the questions every creative artist must eventually ask: Am I 'for real'? Does it matter? And what is all this work worth, anyway?
F for Fake is as grand, multitudinous, and original as Welles himself.
A mischievous mash of mock-doc, magic show, lecture and comedy.
If Citizen Kane is testament to a young man's genius then F For Fake is testament to a veteran's rebellious spirit and wicked sense of humour.
A buoyant, delightfully playful Orson Welles exposes the artifice of film in his 1975 head scratcher, F For Fake.
Welles stretches his material and his legend just about as thin as possible in this tedious treatise on truth and illusion.
Like every good magic show, there's much more here than first meets the eye.
A bold, brazen movie that could only have been made because a top-notch talent decided to show off for a little bit.
It's a dynamic piece of filmmaking that doubles as a sleight-of-hand act.
At times T for tedious and P for pretentious, the film remains essential viewing for admirers of the great cineaste and showman.
It tells us that what we like is just fine and that the value is art is measured in something other than currency, though in this case the price of a cinema ticket will do nicely.
A modest, throwaway trifle but still entertaining.
F for Fake is a minor work in some ways, but there is fascination and poignancy in seeing Welles's elegant retreat into this hall of mirrors.
Thirty-two years after he unfolded the cinematic pop-up book that was Citizen Kane, Orson Welles collapsed the entire medium in on itself with this irresistible 1973 film essay on art and fakery.
So rich, ripe and tricksy you'll need to give this one multiple sweeps.
Welles was to claim, 'I believe a work is good to the degree that it expresses the man who created it' and, by that standard, F for Fake must be a masterpiece.
Less heralded than some of Welles' other work, F For Fake is still a fascinating examination of authenticity and authorship.
Welles' assurance that you will be enthralled by his every word and oversized gesture is so arrogant, so refreshingly contemptuous, that you'd give him a round of applause, if you weren't sure he was doing that for himself every time he called, "cut."
gives the viewer the feeling that he's in Welles's expansive company...while he considers and pontificates on a pet topic. That in itself is a privilege, and reason enough to check out F for Fake
An intriguing, enjoyable look at illusion in general and his own, Clifford Irving's and De Houry's dealing with it in particular.
...a digressive, playful and at times profound essay on the nature of authenticity and the fluid boundaries between art and decoration, between inspiration and imitation.
Alternately superficial and profound.
A triumphantly self-amused, self-aware reflection on the verities of art and creativity and the lies that sustain them.
A singular combination of documentary, essay, narrative, broad comedy, hoax, and cinematic vaudeville.
A little gem, full of vintage Welles ruminations on the ephemeral nature of personal celebrity and the elusiveness of ultimate truth.
A charming, witty meditation upon fakery, forgery, swindling and art, a movie that may itself be its own Exhibit A.
An almost impossibly lively pastiche of images and ideas that never tires.
Welcome to the philosophical fun house that is F for Fake, stuffed full of questions about the nature of art and authorship, illusion and reality, lies and truth.
After seeing this elusive film, I wonder how many pictures of the great artists in the museums are really by them and not by some forger.
a wonderfully fitting conclusion to Welles' career, a playful exploration of the mysteries of art, magic, and fraud, all themes that were central to his best films
I've never seen another film like F for Fake, and if you invest a quick 90 minutes in it I'll wager you'll come away with the same dazed and breathless feeling that I had.
F for Fake is one of the more wistfully humorous of Welles's wrestlings with reality.
A minor documentary with a few good scenes.
Gives Orson Welles a chance to explore trickery, fraud and illusion on the screen in imaginative ways
One of Welles' most engaging -- and slyly creative -- works.
Part essay, part apologia, part prank, Orson Welles's F For Fake, one of the most inventive and invigorating nonfiction features ever made, is about the artist as con man and the con man as artist.
From fraud documentary to warped autobiography to voyeuristic girl-watching exercise and all places in between, there's never been a film like it before or since.
Mesmerizing meditation on truth, artifice, and art.
Welles, here in his sixties, reveals two new sides to his cinema audience, the prankster and the editor.
Welles revels in the duplicity of his subject, reminding us time and time again that we can't trust the medium of film






@highlight

F for Fake playfully poses intriguing questions while proving that even Orson Welles' minor works contain their share of masterful moments.