You know ... it's not great, this one. Aesthetically, it's complacent. It'd be nice to see a film honoring the original illustration by W. W. Denslow of the first 'Oz' books.
If encouraging a youngster's imagination is a form of nurture, taking a tyke to see Legends of Oz may be a form of child neglect.
Despite substandard animation, this brightly coloured sequel has a strong enough sense of both its story and characters to hold the audience's attention.
Boasts an impressive cast, catchy tunes and an entertaining fairy tale plot.
Even by the standards of allowance-snatching half-term filler, this is pretty indifferent ...
A cynical cash-grab riding on the coat-tails of far better productions.
This film is very offbeat and psychedelic in that regard, though regrettably not nearly as accomplished or engaging as Alice in Wonderland which is loosely resembles.
A cheap and charmless reminder to leave the classics alone.
Kid-friendly with some neat visuals.
Carping on a film clearly targeted to 5-year-olds might seem unjust, but the filmmakers go about their business in such a lazy fashion that the viewer can't help but feel irritated by the whole ordeal.
Being an effective virtual babysitter isn't the same as being a satisfying entertainment.
Problems abound from the rushed beginning all the way through the impossibly resolved ending.
Resting on the laurels of its namesake, Legends of Oz: Dorothy's Return suffers from lackluster storytelling, TV-quality animation and haphazard music, all of which don't hold a candle to the many Oz tales that have come before it.
Wasting a voice cast populated with recognisable names, this attempt to cash in on nostalgia for its source material evokes more bewilderment and boredom than excitement or wistful reminiscence.
That it scored a few actual names [...] gives it the veneer of class, but it was designed to fool kids and their gullible parents, yet make everyone who sees it sad.
Oz has its moments, even to this day.
Legends of Oz: Dorothy's Return reunites Dorothy Gale, the Cowardly Lion, the Scarecrow, the Tin Man-and just about every cliché of low-budget CG animation.
"Aside from giving some very talented people so little to work with, perhaps the film's biggest crimes are its crimes against cinema and literature."
A glorified 90-minute distraction for kids - not an enchanting and memorable addition to the Wizard of Oz movie pantheon.
The bricks are still yellow, but the road doesn't lead anywhere special.
Kids will like well-intentioned sequel, but it lacks magic.
It's short on jokes and hampered by unmemorable musical numbers (including one about building a boat), and the film's niceness can't overcome the dopey tedium.
Dorothy's return doesn't give you much of a return for the time invested.
A thoroughly Disney-fied Dorothy. Power ballads mixing mawkish sentiment and pop maxims. Still, Short is a hoot.
The best children's films have a tendency to both traumatize and amaze, but Legends Of Oz does neither.
This is one of those movies that parents will have to ask themselves if they love their child enough to sit through it.
Briskly paced at 88 minutes and full of fun and spectacle. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
It sounds more like a threat than a promise.
Ironic detachment and pop culturing pandering are mercifully absent. In their place is a disarming, welcome sincerity.
The best one can hope for from this movie is that it will be a potent deterrent to those who want to try to make more Oz movies.
...strictly for the little ones, although serious students of computer animation may want to take a look as well.
Basically mediocre...what is does is prove there's no place like Victor Fleming's Oz.
The Legends of Oz: Dorothy's Return has some smart writing and heart-touching moments, making it a brave addition to a familiar franchise.
It's a little shocking how leaden the jokes are in this movie.
Unfortunately, the computer-animated Legends of Oz can be charitably described as a pastiche; a better word might be mishmash.
All in all, the beloved kingdom of Oz is not well served, though there's just enough detectable affection to keep it from feeling like a pure cashing-in.
Delivered with all the vivid, impeccably detailed digital animation one usually sees in non-Pixar offerings of the late 1990s or daytime TV ads for The General auto insurance.
With dubious scruples, and much Broadway-style caterwauling, the film imagines what The Wizard of Oz would look like with a should-have-gone-straight-to-video chimney on her.
Devoid of the visual magic and heartfelt emotion of the original film, this version of Oz and Dorothy 2.0 feel like the cheaply made knockoffs you find in a dollar store: garishly shiny, flimsy and not built to last.
Joyless, witless, and even a tad heartless
"Legends of Oz" feels like the opposite of the original film. Underneath its aggressive distractions and dim ideas, it has no heart.
The enterprise, while gently reverent, looks and feels as shaky as it sounds, tonally as flat as Kansas farmland.
There are songs, by a motley crew of tunesmiths who include Bryan Adams, but except for a showstopper tailor-made for Short, they don't make much of an impact. Ditto for the script ...
Feels like a formulaic knockoff of the original, replacing most everything whimsical about its predecessor with inane surrogates.
Directors Will Finn and Dan St. Pierre create an animated musical rooted in the classic tale with wonderful, colorful and detailed settings, and a story that is gentle and sweet.
Legends of Oz: Dorothy's Return is visually energetic but tonally all over the Yellow Brick Road map.
The merry old land of Oz ceases being so merry in the cheaply animated, generically written Legends of Oz: Dorothy's Return.
"Legends of Oz: Dorothy's Return" lacks any sense of magic. These won't be songs you'll find yourself singing over and over after you've left the theater or a movie you'll be watching again and again. Once is enough.
[A] crass, cheap, hack-job cash-grab.
Mostly, the film reaffirms how hard it is to make a movie as unforgettable and enduring as "The Wizard of Oz." Good chance you'll forget this one on the way home from the theater.
Animated in form but completely listless in content.
Direly lacking the innocence and charm so necessary to this brand of fantasy, this Oz has a few good moments but is more likely to engender viewer indigestion rather than delight.
It's noticeably different, yet Legends of Oz feels strangely familiar, unwilling to push design elements far enough to shake off the Redbox rental vibe it creates.
Harmless, but mostly charmless
"Oh, Toto, this doesn't look like the Oz I remember," Dorothy murmurs at one point. Truer words were never spoken.
[An] eyeball-gougingly ugly, charm-free animated musical sequel, which is inexplicably opening in thousands of theaters instead of going direct to video.
Legends of Oz: Dorothy's Return fails to make us care about the characters or their journeys, and the animation is shoddy and occasionally creepy ...

@highlight

Faced with the choice between staying in or seeing Legends of Oz: Dorothy's Return , most filmgoers will be forced to conclude that there's no place like home.