The filmmakers even try to conjure up some CGI monsters for Maria to hallucinate, except they look so stupid and forgettable it's safe to assume that the designs were stolen from a trash bin at the studio for a Silent Hill game
The script lacks the precision of Roberts (underrated) slasher F, and the actings a little bumpy in places, but imaginative FX, excellent use of location and enough genuine (if, often, jump) scares compensate.
The Other Side of the Door ended up being an enjoyable viewing experience due to Roberts' ability to manipulate familiar tropes and give them a proper twist.
Even if this effort isn't quite up to snuff I still feel like [Roberts has] got a picture in him that potentially will be.
Even the most forgiving of horror fans may find it hard to locate something good in this turkey.
You can notice some effort in this film, but ultimately ends up being a product passing indifferent to us. [Full review in Spanish]
Feels like a horror genre cliche compilation: the family with the tragic past, the exotic location, and something forbidden that will atract the horrors of the night. [Full review in Spanish]
It is an unfortunate mix of other horror films and it wastes a very interesting story with serious narrative problems. [Full review in Spanish]
The main problem is that it uses cheap scares and not even an interesting atmosphere can save it of falling in common places and in total boredom. [Full review in Spanish]
Thhis B film is full of cliches and has zero originality. [Full review in Spanish]
Though it borrows from Pet Sematary and other chillers and doesn't offer much in the way of fresh scares, this effective ghostly horror movie works thanks to characters with strong emotional centers.
Resting on a string of uninspired and highly anticipated jump-scares and told with very little plausibility, The Other Side of the Door fails to bring anything new to the already saturated supernatural-horror genre.
The Other Side of the Door throws a lot of mud at the wall and most of it sticks, thanks to a powerful performance by former Walking Dead star Callies.
Effective performances by the principals are unable to surmount the movie's many cliches, although the actors render them more endurable.
Horror's same-old same-old, flatly-acted, but set in India.
Ghost-train fare - mostly mechanical and largely unsurprising.
Rampant stupidity and cheap jolts are the key ingredients of this old-fashioned fright flick, which is distinguished solely by its Indian setting.
[The Other Side of the Door] relies on repetitive and predictable horror tropes and runs out of steam long before it ends.
The Other Side of the Door isn't just a doorway you'll wish had remained closed, it's one you'll pray be boarded up, condemned and demolished instantly.
It might be trying to make a point. If so, it sure is hard to hear it over the noisy screeches and cheap jump scares.
Like all the best horror, The Other Side of the Door is concerned not just with what freaks us out on a gut level, but the deeply-repressed anxieties that truly terrify us.
It putters along through the story notes that you'd expect, but strong performances and direction make for a solid ghost story.
The film pulls off the nifty trick of being simultaneously highly predictable and infuriatingly manipulative. This "Door" leads nowhere.
As a psychological study of a grief-stricken mother, the film works well enough. When it turns into a tale of demonic possession, it begins to creak.
As always it's hard to feel too much sympathy for someone who assumes the rules (or in this case rule, singular) don't apply to them. But at least grief-stricken desperation is a fairly solid excuse.
Its shortcomings are fairly easy to overlook.
The Other Side of the Door is a functional, entirely respectable entry into the populist canon of "evil child" horror movies (from The Innocents to The Omen to Orphan).
There are no prizes for guessing what happens, but it's a smart scary movie that relies on atmosphere and characterisation - not just jump-scares - for its effect.
The incorporation of Aghori rituals, Western ignorance/naïveté and Hindu reverence for the journey from life to death lend a refreshing twist to a potentially tired tale.
So tasteless in its depiction of India that it makes 'Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom' look like a triumph of racial awareness.
A solid haunting-possession movie with good character work and unusual local colour, this works in a few surprises, sufficient scares and a nicely barbed punchline.
Along with writing partner Ernest Riera, Roberts pilfers odds and ends of Hindu religious practices and folklore to construct a middling ghost story that traces a vaguely Gothic outline, only to follow a wearyingly derivative trajectory.
Whilst you're in the midst of its dark embrace it's reliably creepy.
The type of sporadically silly and patently predictable horror pic that would look like filler on Syfy's weekend lineup, "The Other Side of the Door" brings virtually nothing new to the supernatural genre.
There is Conjuring-style haunting. There's a creepy piano that plays itself. And there is an annoyingly liberal use of horror's cheapest gimmick, the jump-scare.

@highlight

Laden with flimsy jump scares and cheap stereotypes, The Other Side of the Door wastes solid work from Sarah Wayne Callies on thoroughly middling horror fare.