What may surprise viewers most about the film is its unabashedly patriotic tone.
George Clooney's simplistic wartime art heist movie staggers between parody and sincerity, failing at both.
Murray and Goodman seem to light up the screen whenever they appear, and scenes such as one that takes place at Christmastime during the Battle of the Bulge are especially moving.
The film makes a profound point in a subtle way - that the Fuhrer's ambitions if left unchecked would have been world-altering, in the most unsettling of ways.
My main takeaway from Monuments Men is that sometimes not every nifty true oddity from history needs to be made into a movie.
It's when The Monuments Men tries to mix the funny and inspirational with the tragic reality of war that it really struggles.
This is a movie that never quite realized what it was supposed to be doing.
The promo lines for the film say that The Monuments Men is about the greatest treasure hunt in history, but it's so much more than this.
There's a reason The Monuments Men was taken from its holiday slot and moved to February. Somebody - Clooney perhaps - knew the picture just didn't have the goods. That it's dull and preachy, despite its fine cast.
Unfortunately, it doesn't take much for charming camaraderie to cross over into uncritical cronyism. Clooney could have used someone telling him to do a few more rewrites. If he's not careful he'll turn into a classier version of Adam Sandler.
This latest project from the Lake Como Vanity Project Yacht is all winky Ocean's 11 crap and way too many monologues from Sir George, whose film career has been coasting on alleged charm since Return of the Killer Tomatoes.
The movie's biggest sin is a complete and utter lack of dramatic tension.
It has its heart in the right place and Clooney does a technically proficient job, but there's no denying that it is a significant disappointment.
If you've ever doubted how thoroughly a poor score can wreck an otherwise perfectly acceptable motion picture, get thee to 'Monuments Men.'
'Monuments Men' is the vapidly-told story of the men who set out to thwart ol' Schicklgruber's (Hitler's father's real name) dastardly, top-to-bottom European art-ransack.
Clooney directed and co-wrote the movie, so let's give the guy credit for successfully pulling off its Ocean's 11-meets-The Dirty Dozen vibe.
Plays like an outtake reel interspersed with scenes of real dramatic weight, making for one of the most uneven cinematic rides in recent memory.
The Monuments Men is okay, if you don't expect too much from it. It's a fine rainy-Saturday movie. But shouldn't we expect more from our art?
Clooney's lugubrious direction mimics the worst of those star-studded early-1960s epics, with lots of long dissolves and chunky inertia.
I respect the inspiring story being told, but the film's screenplay doesn't have the necessary weight in its pages, or the depth in its characters.
The Monuments Men scatters its cast all across Western Europe as they hunt down the world's treasures, but fails to provide them with narrative thrust to move things along.
Clooney's a great guy, but as a director, he's his own worst enemy.
Much of the story could have been introduced with a prologue, leaving Clooney's character Frank Stokes to either concentrate on one raid or the perilous journey of a particularly prized piece of art.
We may have gained something in humor by not taking the saviors in the art-rescue story very seriously, but we've lost just about all of the romantic pleasures of heroism.
The picture is a study of how Maslow's Hierarchy of Human Needs applies during a time when the only priority perhaps should be on the physiological.
A fidgety movie that because of its star wattage, great subject matter and shoehorned-in random jaunty moments sometimes entertains but never really satisfies.
By trying to follow closely the book on which it is based, no individual dramatic component of the film grabs the viewer. ... And then, there's no satisfying conclusion.
Sadly, this is a movie with all the right ingredients that have trouble coming together.
While The Monuments Men boasts one of the most impressive casts seen on screen for a long time, the film is ultimately a letdown due to its sluggish pace and uneventful plot.
Fascinating story deserved better than this movie
It is a little difficult to generate dramatic tension about an art-salvage project when there is a world war going on around it.
The film is so excited by the idea of itself that it never bothers to establish a rhythm.
The Monuments Men is a collection of beautiful, individual cinematic moments, instead of the defining tapestry of an incredible story.
The result is uneven and sluggish, with a collection of thinly sketched characters and trumped-up suspense.
It's... a movie where the star power of an elite ensemble cast has been dimmed for the greater good, an interesting-but-dull true story has been embellished for the lesser good
Flat and expressionless, like a punctured tyre that gets you to your destination yet denies you the pleasant diversion along the way.
IT'S disappointing that such a great cast and a wonderful fact-based men-on-a-mission story falls short of its potential.
Directing his fifth film, George Clooney uses the intriguing, fact-based premise to mount a surprisingly light-hearted romp across the battlefield as a gang of art experts...head for the front in search of art. It's sort of like Ocean's Eleven Go to War.
George Clooney's worst film to date, this is a congenial and inert story about irritatingly casual Americans saving Western Civilisation from the Nazis.
Clooney and Heslov fail to settle on a tone, or at least tie the contrasting moods together. There are daring feats and moments of tragic loss, bursts of sentiment and droll back and forth between Murray and Balaban's characters.
Clooney has too much reverence for his story, and as a result he does it about the biggest disservice possible: he makes it boring.
For a film so boastful about preserving history, it seems all too content to commercialise its own story.
While it's an interesting tale, the screenplay does feel like it has too many characters and too many subplots.
One day we'll discover George Clooney is actually a long-forgotten screen idol from Hollywood's golden age who became unstuck from time, and all of this will make total sense.
Sometimes perfunctory, often hitting false notes, the film lacks the punch of its story
It's a story with scale, texture and layers and whatever it lacks in grit and tension (required for a story based on fact) is compensated by chutzpah
The plot is not tight enough and there is no great sense of passion or urgency and there is a good bit of schmaltz. Overall, it's watchable, but not especially good.
Part 'Hogan's Heroes' and part 'Saving Private Ryan,' 'The Monuments Men' shifts its tone too often to tell a consistent tale.
In a nutshell it feels like a forgery, and not a particularly artful one.
The tonal uncertainty undermines complete engagement, taking the edge off both the drama and the comedy, leaving the film floundering episodically in no-man's-land.
Is The Monuments Men a disappointment? Yes, it is, but it isn't a crashing disappointment.
Historical inaccuracy is the least of this leaden-booted caper's problems.
The screenplay is childlike and overly reverential. It's almost as if Clooney is afraid he's going to insult someone by getting a few laughs out of a serious subject.
For all its tremendous production values, George Clooney's The Monuments Men is a profoundly frustrating and unsatisfying film. Clooney simply can't settle on a tone for the story he is trying to tell.
Clooney's film seems stuck in the middle between popular and arthouse fare, and the result, while enjoyable, seems less engaging then you would expect with this cast.
The Monuments Men didn't need to be a work of art, but it still proves a monumental disappointment.
This is by no means a short film, yet somehow none of the characters, or any of their detective work, has time to make an impression.
The Monuments Men is mostly a mess.
Clooney seems uncertain of the right tone to take, aiming here for a would-be comic guys-on-a-mission jauntiness and there for race-against-time-suspense... But the comedy isn't that funny... And the drama isn't that dramatic.
As jaunty as Jean Dujardin's beret, but in a sincere, old-fashioned kind of way. It could almost have been rediscovered from the 1940s...
Like far too many misfiring prestige films, this attractive mediocrity all but nominates itself for an Academy Award before it's done anything to prove itself remotely award-worthy.
Clooney the star schmoozes through on a gallon of charm and a pint of invention. He has said he might give up acting for directing. I think he already has.
It's almost as though Clooney watched every second world war movie on Netflix, and tried to incorporate them all into his own.
Watchable...but you cannot help thinking if might have been better if Clooney had opted to go light...or darken things down.
By no means a cheap forgery, but no masterpiece either.
It's no great work of art itself but The Monuments Men is a fun and fitting tribute to some unsung heroes with bags of old-fashioned charm.
A mildly interesting, yet slightly dull take on a chapter of the war that definitely deserves better.
What should have been a magnificent seven style caper led by George Clooney falls strangely flat. The only monuments these men come close to nailing is their own tombstone performances.
For an amazing true story performed by such a strong A-list cast, this is an oddly uninvolving film.
'Oceans 11' plus 'Saving Private Ryan' divided by 'Raiders of the Lost Ark.'
The scattered nature of the narrative and the sentimentality inherent in tales of real-life heroism get the better of Clooney.
The Monuments Men is one of those films that disappoints despite the best intentions and efforts.
Tells a fascinating and important true story and remains watchable thanks to likeable turns from its impressively starry cast ...
This ho-hum ode to the importance of great paintings and statues is as much fun as an art appreciation class and just about as exciting.
If The Monuments Men was in danger of extinction, it would take some convincing to risk your life to save it.
Strip away the silliness and there might be a real gem here. It's just that Clooney keeps digging in the wrong places to find it.
It's rare to find a movie that isn't ironic or aloof, especially in its overarching goal, to pay tribute to an unpopular enterprise that paid off for posterity.
Theoretically an adventure film about saving the culture of the Western World from rampaging Nazi philistines, George Clooney's first serious misstep as a director is somehow both painfully serious and trite.
Even low expectations won't help you here, with a story that's neither amusing nor dramatic.
The all-star cast does a good job with the material and the production values are very good. The story gets its point across and is reasonably historically accurate (with a lot of dramatic license).
A Touching and Courageous True Life Story
This film, based on a true story, has a good blend of drama, humor and a whiff of romance.
In order to sell the film to disinterested modern audiences, Clooney adopts a wisecracking, ironic tone that is surface-level entertaining.
Fact-based adventure with a few bloody battle scenes.
Clooney and Heslov allow no discouraging words into their screenplay; they petrify art with cant, until 'The Monuments Men' become its own monument.
A comedy with silly music, long patriotic speeches, ham-fisted acting and the villain is Hitler's signature.
The first great movie of 2014
The movie does a good job of illustrating why protecting art from the Nazi scourge was important but it's far less effective fleshing out the personalities of the people who did the protecting.
This displays none of the nimble-witted sleight of hand, nor indeed old-fashioned suspense, of Argo, the last historical caper movie with which Clooney was involved.
The Monuments Men is less Schindler's List and more Kelly's Heroes.
Despite the coy meanderings of The Monuments Men, I found the ending was heartfelt.
The Monuments Men serves up a terrific premise for a movie ... It's also the sort of picture that one wishes were better, as the number of missed opportunities seemingly equals the number of unexploded landmines at the war's close.
Clooney has not only created a unwieldy dichotomy between comedy and drama, he further complicates things by making the former unfunny and the latter unmoving.
Despite the unconventional structure of the screenplay, Clooney's direction displays a strong talent for creating and diffusing tension at precisely the moments when it's needed most.
The Monuments Men feels like an elongated treasure hunt with dull results that attempts to mimic the atmosphere of Ocean's Eleven and fails.
A frustratingly flat film that drifts from moment to moment with a curious lack of urgency and an overbearing sense of self-importance.
Mildly entertaining when it should have the flavor of outrage.
The fact that The Monuments Men tells a different type of story with a different perspective and a different objective is its greatest strength. That, and its cast.
It's hard to imagine that a film with such a prolific cast could arrive so stillborn, but Clooney's direction and screenplay are significant letdowns.
George Clooney seems to want to find a new perspective on something big--World War II--by looking at it from a small, specific point of view. Instead, all he's managed is to make World War II seem small.
An entertaining but extremely uneven film that might satisfy historical drama fans but falls very short of realizing the full potential in its gripping premise.
Lectures us about the importance of art and culture rather than inspiring any real emotion about it.
When so many of the great works of art are at stake, we should be biting our nails, not looking at our watches.
It is too bad that the movie does not match its subject.
Best appreciated for its small achievements and grace notes...Men can be a frustrating sit, especially when it becomes clear that greatness rests just outside its reach.
An all star cast of veteran actors can't save a tepid, sort of Cliff's Notes version of World War II heroics.
A stunningly dull and oddly-paced drama that never seems fully aware of its own identity.
If The Monuments Men never overcomes its unwieldy structure and unevenness of tone, the film still manages to make a profound, even subtle point: that Hitler's darkest impulses and annihilating reach extended from human beings to history itself.
A nobly-intentioned feature that lacks the discipline and focus to unite its disparate elements into an effective whole.
This is a sturdy, old-school, big-scale Greatest Generation war movie. It's great escapism.
Think of them as Inglorious Art Historians. Only this PG-13 entertainment has little of the edge, however complicated, of Quentin Tarantino's 2009 Holocaust revenge flick.
...suffers from a lack of cohesiveness that grows more and more problematic as time progresses...
The indecisive course plagues the film.
This is an admirable movie, then, in reminding moviegoers of middle-aged heroics and sacrifice -- not a bad idea in the context of protecting ancient culture.
It's like an over-the-hill gang variant on The Dirty Dozen, except not as much fun as that sounds.
Murray, John Goodman, and Bob Balaban, normally hardcore professionals, seem uncharacteristically unsure of their characters, all of whom seem to have indistinguishable motivations.
Clooney's movie is a slow-witted, occasionally agreeable retread of numerous WWII band-of-brothers flicks its director no doubt watched on TV as a 1970s teenager.
It is manipulative, it is at times painfully sentimental, but it is also rife with slick dialogue and the undeniable, high-wattage star power of its cast
This film is a collection of vignettes in search of a narrative center.
This is a solid albeit slow-building film with few dull moments.
[Director Clooney] paces scenes well, balances everyone's screen time and makes good use of his ensemble cast.
This is the kind of movie nobody makes any more -- a Second World War caper picture with charming character actors zipping around Europe using their wits far more than their weapons.
I can't think of another movie that feels as simultaneously rushed and leisurely.
The... cast sort of glides by on their charm, but it is considerable charm, and it's easy to watch.
Little driving narrative with a lack of building tension.
Recommendable. Barely. It's like the first cut was too long so scenes connecting to pieces left in the final version were cut. What's left is a story with dots not connected.
While this particular, um, 'Blingtime for Hitler and Germany' means well, it suffers from a tone problem: it's 'Ocean's 11' by way of 'Schindler's List.'
Their adventures would make a good read. They don't make much of a movie, though
It's based on historical fact, it's got a great cast, and it even features a jaunty score by Alexandre Desplat. It's the first really good film of the new year.
The Monuments Men is the kind of film you flip over to accidentally when searching through channels and finally watch it. Then is a perfect time to sit through it, but it doesn't warrant anymore viewing effort than happenstance allows.
'The Monuments Men' feels like it could have easily come out in 1957 and starred Jimmy Stewart, Lee Marvin and James Mason.
If you like WWII movies, you are going to enjoy this fascinating, fact-based story.
In The Monuments Men, director George Clooney takes a wild, stranger-than-fiction true story and turns it into a dull, prestigious slog.
But nothing in this movie clicks, and as a result the tired affair seems to take longer than World War II itself.
It's the kind of film that you'll stumble across on TV, watch for a few minutes thinking, "This is all right, I don't know why everybody was so hard on it," then change the channel.
A dreary and largely uninteresting film about events that shouldn't be dreary and uninteresting.
We're more likely to flinch when torches are aimed at a priceless Raphael oil painting than when bullets are fired at humans. That's the bolder statement for Clooney to make.
The cast makes The Monuments Men watchable due to their easygoing charm, which overcomes some shortcomings.
The high-minded message about preserving Western civilization often feels at odds with the movie's half-hearted heist-flick approach.
Despite a terrific story idea and a top-shelf cast, it's a misguided mess, far too busy asking important questions that it never satisfyingly answers than telling what could and should be a riveting, exciting story.
Clooney's obviously going for old-school charm and camaraderie here, but the first half of the film is so scattered, and the characters are so lacking in specifics, that a sense of group bravado never feels earned.
Alas, it's a throwback that's thrown its back out - limping along, trailed by battalions of stereotypes and ammo rounds of cliche.
Monuments Men takes its pleasures and dramatic moments not from combat or male camaraderie so much as from its backdoor approach to WWII.
Boring, tepid and clunky. It's one of the most disappointing films in recent memory. You're better off watching paint dry.
A clunky, dull effort that lacks any measure of excitement or thrills, desperately leaving you wanting more and wishing its talented filmmakers could have done more with such an intriguing premise.
The Monuments Men puts off a smug vibe, if you get what I mean, and holds the audience at a distance, not allowing us into this cool club.
The humility and devotion of the heroes cannot help but move us and, I hope, inspire us to treasure the masterworks they saved and the heroes who saved them.
A giant mess tonally... It's as if [Clooney] was caught in two minds as to which kind of movie he wanted to make.
There's lots of information, some nice images, plenty of earnest sermonizing about culture and almost no suspense, or tension, or character development, or structure. Or, well, art.
Clooney shows us some of these treasures in intimate detail, imbuing the viewer with the same sense of urgency that the Monuments Men must have felt when trying to rescue them.
The film isn't a masterpiece, but it's a fitting tribute to the men who put their lives on the line in the name of saving culture.
At times, this fact-based film feels like a breezy heist flick, while at others it's a somber tribute to the sacrifices of war. The two tones don't harmonize, and they never ring true.
Clooney, who's grown into quite a versatile actor over the past decade, gives himself a role that he could phone in from his living room in Lake Cuomo.
...so plodding, so unfocused, so full of trite lines...nothing but a huge bore.
Earnest and well-intentioned but ultimately inert, "The Monuments Men" talks a better game than it can deliver.
Despite its intrinsically fascinating subject matter and winning cast, The Monuments Men is no treasure.
The Monuments Men positions itself to make a grand commentary on the importance of art and its preservation - and then says little on the topic.
Because Mr. Clooney can't figure out what kind of story this is, he too often slips into pandering mode, including in his own performance, which is filled with too many smiles and speeches.
A morally cogent film based on a true story that lifts one's spirits.
For all of the excitement a true story like this could provide, it's told with all the enthusiasm of an 8th-grade book report.
Clooney as a director must be faulted here for captaining a production that, for all it's potential greatness, ends up being a forgettable, boring mess.
The Monuments Men's mission to protect the world's priceless art might've been interesting if it had actually been explained. Mostly though, we just get "Haha, look at the old guys try to soldier!"
Clooney has certainly created a throwback to old Hollywood war films, which is fine, but almost unsure of his own recipe, throws far too many ingredients into the mix ultimately creating a war film that is indeed enjoyable but suffers an identity crisis.
A Clooney clunker. It's drab and disjointed with underwritten and underdeveloped characters.
The movie doesn't fully live up to all of these promises, but is still a satisfactory adventure worth exploring.
Alexandre Desplat's intrusive score keeps telling us what mood we should be in. Moods change from moment to moment, though, and not only in the action sequences.
The Monuments Men - with its shifting tone between light comedy and drama - rarely gets the viewer invested enough to really care what happens to them. And that's unfortunate, because it really is a fascinating footnote in history.
This film doesn't compensate for its narrow focus with character development, derring-do or robust humor.
The actors skew a little bit older than the historical Monuments Men, but their lived-in humanity forms a nice contrast to the inhumane megalomania that they're trying to reverse.
Clooney's low-key directorial effort is not quite an Oscar-caliber movie, though it's got a great cast, a worthy theme and plenty of things to reward adult moviegoers.
This misfire reduces the Allied effort to preserve Western culture to a series of dim star turns.
While it does have its issues, it's also intriguing.
When you realize it's not coming together, your first impulse is to ask: What happened?
This amiably ancient film is all too stiff - as if Clooney feared that any sudden noise or action would wake his performers up.
Considering the cast, those behind the camera, and the overall premise, this should have been a slam dunk both in terms of being emotionally involving and entertaining viewers. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
Clooney, who also co-wrote and directed the film, sets it up like a sort of well-meaning version of Oceans 11, or The Magnificent 7, or The Dirty Dozen, or any of those number movies where groups of men are recruited for an impossible job.
The real-life story is intriguing and full of cinematic potential, but Clooney's tame, conventional approach as director and co-writer...robs the narrative of much of its tension and drive.
Too sketchily scripted, tonally shifting and sermonizing - it's, nevertheless, given unexpected timeliness by the recent discovery in Germany of yet another hidden art collection.
Composer Alexandre Desplat, who also plays a small role, gets Clooney's concept with a snare heavy score that sends us back to another generation's war movies...but "The Monuments Men" is as lifeless as a block of marble yet to be chiseled.
The Monuments, Fine Arts, and Archives program, established by the Allies during World War II to protect European and Asian cultural treasures from destruction, deserves a better movie dramatization than this fumbling prestige project.
What could have emerged as a highbrow spin on "The Dirty Dozen" is instead turned into a flat, disjointed snoozer.
Had this historical drama really relied on the strength of its convictions, George Clooney's good old fashioned movie might have flowed better.
Strangely, Clooney's movie lacks the tightening tension the story intends to achieve.
The Monuments Men is a far less monumental picture than it pretends to be. It has major flaws. Of course, so did Argo. But it was at least zippy entertainment.
This is one of the most dreadful, smug, and incoherent films I have ever seen, and a travesty of its many large subjects.
It all feels a bit like an overearnest deleted subplot from someone else's war epic, rather than a confident Clooney picture.
George Clooney - who stars, directs, produces, and co-writes - dearly wishes his labour of love could be more than this, as might we all.
Even the real Monuments Men wouldn't preserve The Monuments Men, an immeasurably insufferable piece of a filmmaking that does a complete disservice to the unsung heroes its depicting.
Never does the film capture the meaning of art, the feeling of war or the monumental significance of what the real-life men portrayed sacrificed and achieved.
[Clooney and Heslov] make sure "Monuments Men" is fleet and fun, but wisely stop short of simply making "Ocean's Eleven" with jeeps.
'The Monuments Men' is a noble failure on the order of 'Leatherheads,' another curiously listless stab at old-school entertainment that remained impossible to hate even as it let you down.
The Monuments Men has all the makings of a rousing World War II caper and no intention of having that much fun.
George Clooney's film boils a big, messy maelstrom of theft and uncertainty down to a digestible, faintly appetizing mush.
A deliberately old-fashioned WW2 adventure that shines a light on a little known chapter of the war and never ceases to entertain.
Neither the banal conversations of the monuments men nor the widespread activities of the group make for riveting entertainment.
A bewildering and occasionally amateurish movie, which is a surprise given the terrific work Clooney did on his "Goodnight and Good Luck" and "Confessions of a Dangerous Mind."
Rather than juicing each element to blockbuster volume, Clooney has delivered it in the tone of a memorial lecture, warm and ambling, given by one of the distinguished academics he put in his movie.
George Clooney's The Monuments Men is processed cheese. It is a film that has been rewritten, edited, and refined until it has lost all sense of purpose or identity.
Part 'Oceans 11' with Nazis, part Clooney lecturing us about art and culture. Blissfully acted but strangely flat, it shifts uncomfortably between caper and classroom lesson.
Something just rings hollow. The Monuments Men comes off as more of a vehicle for Clooney and producing partner Grant Heslov, an idea that came before good ideas for how to pull it off.
George Clooney's The Monuments Men is about as fun as sitting through a two-hour art history lecture.
The Monuments Men feels not just self-conscious but also a bit self-congratulatory, its creator squashing the spirit of adventure with too many grandiose lines about the Importance Of Art.
The movie should work like a pip. Instead, "The Monuments Men" is a labored mishmash of tones: Half "Hogan's Post-Doctoral Heroes," half "Saving Private Rembrandt," and half "Ingres's 11."
"Monuments Men" is often irresistible, thanks to that delightful cast - could Clooney please recruit all of them for "Ocean's 14"?
There are too many missed opportunities in "The Monuments Men" to count, but the film as a whole is not overtly terrible so much as it is disappointingly mediocre.
Clooney ends up turning a unique story into something mediocre and generic.
"The Monuments Men" has many good intentions. It's just unfortunate that it didn't have more spirit and a steady sense of what it should be.
The Monuments Men sounds like a what's-not-to-like? movie, but it turns out to be a bizarre failure. It's not just that the film is dull - it's that there's no there there to like.
"A tinderbox of movie charisma, yet even tinder needs to be lit."
Plays like a loving homage to George Clooney's Saturday afternoons of watching The History Channel and drinking dry sherry.
It is true. It is history. As a film, it is riveting, suspenseful, harrowing and exciting, and somehow, it also manages to be something rare among war pictures-a big-scale entertainment.
[An] engaging, shamelessly corny and entertaining World War II adventure inspired by true events.
A slow-starting Army jeep of a film that sputters charmingly to life on occasion but that never quite roars they way one would like.
A fascinating story tepidly told...a prosaic, pedestrian take on a subject that should have elicited real passion from its makers.
In a way, its familiarity is part of its small charm - and, in a modern world full of imperfect causes, its occasional nostalgic comfort.
Suggests its interesting true story makes better fodder for cocktail party discussion than a movie.
A monumental mess.
Clooney's attempt to honor unsung real-life heroes while recapturing the ensemble pleasures of some well-remembered Hollywood war pictures ... comes off as a modestly accomplished forgery at best.
''The Monuments Men'' is ... weighed down by dutifulness. It feels like it's only a third act, lacking any buildup of tension or character development.
Imagine Saving Private Ryan told to you by a dusty docent on an art-gallery tour and you get the idea.
Clooney never quite finds the balance between the earnest do-gooding and the broader comedy he's seeking to find.
Though there is a certain amount of sentimentality to "The Monuments Men", and a good deal of "rah-rah-sis-boom-bah" for the good guys, there is still a worthwhile story here.
Clooney does not wisecrack in his usual manner, he actually treats the subject matter with the reverence it deserves.
Good intentions and a stellar cast should amount to much more in The Monuments Men, a war picture for the aged, but not the ages.
The Monuments Men feels loose and disorganized, even though all the requisite cogs (including a jaunty ascot of a score by Alexandre Desplat) have been accounted for.
A tame, affable overview of the events minus much of their depth.
The 'Last Vegas' of World War II movies...cute, sentimental.
It's a graceful, engaging film -- I enjoyed it. But it could have been called The Tasteful Dozen.
A history lesson about an obscure chapter of World War II successfully turned into entertaining Hollywood fare.
If some cataclysmic event were threatening the cultural legacy of America, it's hard to imagine anyone would make an attempt to save The Monuments Men from the flames of war.
Escapism junkies may feel betrayed. Clooney has crafted a movie abort about aspiration, about culture at risk, about things worth fighting for.
Another slipshod and banal, if always watchable, Hollywood co-opting of history.
Never strikes the storytelling balance that the material deserves. At times, the film drags, while at others, it rushes through essential character and story elements.
They don't make 'em like that anymore!
George Clooney's WW2 film The Monuments Men is a big mess that wastes its stellar cast and plays like a rough cut.
A welcome and superlative addition to the pantheon of war films, because it turns high-concept storytelling into a meaningful true-story tribute.
Clooney has transformed a fascinating true-life tale into an exceedingly dull and dreary caper pic cum art-appreciation seminar - a museum-piece movie about museum people.
Too much of the time, The Monuments Men falls into a compromised middle zone, not urgent and only mildly amusing.
I wanted to love The Monuments Men, and I spent the running time hoping it was a slow starter, that it would finally come together into something sublime. It never did.
"The Monuments Men" boasts a fine cast, which only makes the movie feel all the more like a lost opportunity as it curiously, stubbornly refuses to come to life.

@highlight

Its intentions are noble and its cast is impressive, but neither can compensate for The Monuments Men 's stiffly nostalgic tone and curiously slack narrative.