You never know who on the Golden Gate is about to leap to his or her death in this compelling documentary, so you have to keep your eyes glued to the screen. 24 tormented souls linked by suicide as a seductive alternative to their unrelenting suffering.
None of the insights justifies the queasiness of the project
You will never look fondly at the Golden Gate Bridge again after seeing this disturbing documentary by a filmmaker ignorant of the volatile narrative water that he dishonors.
Little more than a snuff film clumsily dressed up as an art house flick.
Tales are dramatic; the interviewees poignant, and the images -- often following bodies all the way down to the water -- are startling and discomfiting.
Two dozen souls, linked by suicide as a seductive, and very visible alternative to unrelenting torment and suffering.
The Bridge avoids reducing its subjects to types, and if the portraits painted are often recognizable -- the person who talks so much about suicide that those around him fail to take him seriously -- they are not repetitive.
There are harrowing moments: who could not be moved by a parent talking about a son's suicide? But you do not leave the cinema with a better understanding of suicide.
While these interviews are affecting, and the movie talks about suicide in a refreshingly straightforward manner, it's the images of these actual deaths that induce horrified gasps.
It's gripping viewing but you feel like a voyeur of somebody else's pain. After a while you may feel that you're watching a particularly scenic snuff film.
This will get flack for being a "snuff" film - but the real tragedy is how suicide is often hidden away. This film brings it out in the open.
This could be the most morally loathsome film ever made.
The filmmakers' methods are questionable, but the power of the resulting documentary and the importance of the issues it raises are not.
despite the shocking, up-close look, we're no closer to a real understanding of the terrible urge to end it all.
This fascinating, sensitive documentary is an extraordinary film that is both thought-provoking and deeply moving, although it contains images that some viewers may find upsetting.
The whole thing invokes the bodies falling from that other architectural icon on 9/11 - but it's not clear what is achieved beyond disturbance.
Recommended, if sobering viewing.
If harrowing footage of deeply disturbed people contemplating a hideous suicide cross-cut with interviews with grieving loved ones who often blame themselves for failing to prevent the tragedy strike you as art - help yourself.
The results are striking: an emotional and aesthetic whirlpool of horror, fascination, beauty, and resignation that would probably drown lesser movies but that gives The Bridge an eerie power.
Aspires to humanize the people who kill themselves at the Golden Gate Bridge, but ends up mostly reducing its subjects to their flamboyant and very public deaths.
By his use of interviews of friends and family of jumpers, Steel reminds us that no matter how alone some of these people felt, they weren't without people who loved them. It is a tender, powerful work.
As tough as the film is to watch, it's even more difficult to turn away. Even though suicide is prevalent in America %u2014 more than 30,000 occur each year %u2014 it's swept under the rug.
This would be an uncomfortably voyeuristic experience if Steel weren't so careful not to exploit the material. It's an almost unbearably sad one instead.
Steel's film is powerful and upsetting, but as pointless as suicide itself.
Rather slow. Interviews are meaningful and important. Shots of jumpers are rather suspect, ethically.
Far from being the exploitation of a lesser filmmaker, by recording the friends and families as they work through their thoughts and emotions, the film becomes an unusual act of compassion
It may be the first poetic snuff film.
Despite its best intentions, however, The Bridge is ultimately only able to raise questions, failing to provide an avenue for a deeper exploration of the taboo subject.
You leave The Bridge with a new appreciation for your (relative) mental stability and a vow to make the most of your brief, ephemeral life.
The problem is knowing who's suicidal before it's too late, and that's a big part of what makes watching (director Eric) Steel's footage such a harrowing experience.
It's disturbing, needless to say, but also affecting in unexpected ways.
Framing the debate as being about the Golden Gate masks the bigger problem of a society that does not do a great job at taking care of its most vulnerable citizens, and that's the real scandal of The Bridge.
The interviews with loved ones keep the tragedies in context and help us process what we see. The true substance of The Bridge lies in their words, rather than the shots of the people they've lost.
The Bridge does not try to milk these tragedies, which are often shot from a great distance and tastefully edited.
One of (author Neale Donald) Walsch's precepts is that you should never make a living doing something you hate. If I'd known that, I might not have felt obliged to sit through every excruciating minute of this sanctimonious infomercial.
This is death porn, shocking for the sake of being shocking and little else.
The film is not good, it is not average, it is simply not recommendable in good conscience.
The Bridge is brave and unflinching, unshakably haunting and deeply mysterious. I doubt I'll forget it until the day I die.
This is one movie that's guaranteed to linger in your mind after you leave the theater, whether you want it to or not.
This ice-bath documentary leaves you feeling that perhaps hell is a little closer at hand than you'd previously imagined.
The decision to keep the process of filming out of the film robs it of too much context.
conjures up ideas of suicide and why people do it, but it never fully explores them
It de-romanticizes the idea of suicide by italicizing it in all its bleak, brutal reality, while making palpable the tortured predicament of those left behind.
Despite the proficient technique, after a while you may feel you're watching a particularly scenic snuff film.
Steel assembles a scrapbook of suicide: reminiscences of surviving family and friends and magnetically morbid caught-on-tape records of people's last living moments on Earth.
The Bridge is both a beautiful film and a disturbing one, and the connection between those two characteristics makes it the most disquieting of documentaries.
This eerie and indelible documentary about suicide juxtaposes transcendent beauty with personal tragedy.
If a suicide attempt is too personal for the filmmaker to try to intervene, what right do we have to just sit back and watch?
An attractive, well-intentioned film that is surprisingly dull and uninvolving.
This is a shocking film, but in its own way a profoundly humane one.
In his ghoulish documentary, director Eric Steel examines the Golden Gate's dubious honor as the world's most popular suicide destination.
Quite eerie and haunting... but a rather morbid and depressing exercise.
What starts as a clever documentary of Golden Gate Bridge jumpers becomes one the most compelling examinations of suicide ever put to film.
These golden arches are the keepers of dark secrets.
Certainly there's no denying the effectiveness of some of the material here, but The Bridge never earns its parallel to Brueghel's "Landscape with the Fall of Icarus."



@highlight

Tactlessly morbid or remarkably sensitive? Deeply disturbing or viscerally fascinating? Critics are divided on Eric Steele's unique documentary on the Golden Gate Bridge, wonder of the modern world and notorious suicide destination.