Despite all his obvious effort and admirable Stanislavskian immersion, his Chapman is pure cinematic affectation, a compendium of great movie madmen of the past.
The eternal question of why Chapman shot Lennon is not answered. And that's probably because there IS no real reason.
his drama, about the three days leading up to the murder, never overcomes its inherent ghoulishness, largely because Chapman, like so many mentally ill people, is a huge bore.
Chapter 27 just makes you feel bad for, and about, everybody -- including the wretched souls who made the thing.
By the end of this modest, strange venture, Leto made me believe it was worth being forced to hang out on the sidewalk with this man, if only to get a creeping sense of what that might've been like.
Imagine hanging out in the head of a psychotic, indefensible loser for 80 minutes and getting nothing worth remembering or admiring in return.
Despite the subject, the script is flat. Despite using the real locations, the production looked cheesy. Finally, the decision to strip Mark David Chapman (John Lennon's killer) of any humanity makes the narrative decidedly one note.
The film is impressively mounted and Schaefer has made a directorial debut of distinction, but it is an uncomfortable ride from the opening scenes of Chapman arriving in New York to the inevitable, inexorable final scene.
Stop the madness and please avoid this film at all costs.
The film manages to be entirely about Mark David Chapman without saying a single insightful thing about him.
If [director] Schaefer's intent was to provide some sort of insight into Chapman's character, some hint of explanation for this senseless tragedy, he fails, probably because there's none to be found beyond one lonely guy's addled brain chemistry.
Chapter 27 is far from flawless, but Leto disappears inside this angry, mouth-breathing psycho geek with a conviction that had me hanging on his every delusion.
There are cheesy special effects and even cheesier gags, and the schmaltz eventually piles on neck-deep.
It's a train-wreck turn in a dreary movie about a self-pitying loser responsible for murdering a beloved pop icon.
[Leto's] mumbled voiceover may perfectly reflect Chapman's inner world. [But] who wants to enter that world? Neither Chapman ... nor his inner life is very interesting ... I was looking at my watch before the first third of the movie had passed.
A study guide for celebrity bodyguards.
This is a very tough film to watch, especially for Beatles fans that worshipped Lennon, but it does provide a thought-provoking take on the inner workings of Mark David Chapman's twisted mind.
If there is any good reason for an audience to spend an hour and a half wallowing in the psychotic reveries of this wayward young man, the filmmakers and their star have sadly failed to provide it.
However much objectivity the filmmakers try to bring to it, there is an inescapable element of glorification of thoroughly reprehensible characters.
The film's 85 minutes drag by painfully slowly, because there's no respite from Chapman's tedious, self-pitying reveries.
All their efforts can't elevate this material above the arty exploitation that it is.
Leto, who gained poundage for the role, keeps taking his shirt off just to make it clear that he is the latest in a long line of actors to confuse daily patronage of the local doughnut shop with intensive actorly preparation.
Leto's drawling, blotchy, creepy performance sets it apart.
Any film that dares attempt a nonjudgmental portrait of John Lennon's assassin would most likely be accused of tastelessness, but in the case of Chapter 27 the charges are justified.
In fact, the real problems with Chapter 27 is it vagueness. Everyone here - Leto, Lohan, Friedlander - leaves us in the lurch, and nothing Schaefer does can save our confusion.
...ostensibly about the last few days in Chapman's life, but it's really about how much Leto's belly bulges over his waistband.
Enter Mark David Chapman's mind and prepare to be bored out of yours.
"I hate the movies. They're phony, so goddamned phony." Poor Mark David Chapman: no matter how many times he rejects the world of celebrity and phoniness, he's dragged back inside.
It might even be bad enough to inspire Catcher author J.D. Salinger to break his decades of public silence to speak out against this high-camp fiasco.
Visually ugly, morally non-existent and a complete black hole in the departments of insight and wit, Chapter 27 is quite possibly the most godawful, irredeemable film to yet emerge in the 21st century.
Even if you are only moderately curious about the events that led up to the pointless death of a musical icon, I think you'll find it a film of arm-twisting fascination.
This misbegotten psychological portrait eagerly foregrounds Leto's excess blubber and histrionic blather, delivered like bad improv outside the Dakota building.
Leto's performance is as great a physical, if not emotional, transformation as Charlize Theron's "hagging it up" for Monster.
At one point, Chapman confesses that he doesn't enjoy the movies because they're "so goddamn phony," and with regard to the superficial, ugly-as-dirt Chapter 27, he's right on the money.
A failed attempt to probe dramatically the inner workings of the troubled mind of John Lennon's assassin in a chronicle replete with shallow Freudian observations about delusion and paranoia.
Not at all helpful to the stagnant proceedings and skimmed surfaces, is Lindsay Lohan, who pops up as hey, Jude, wouldn't you know it, a crazed Lennon fan, playing for a hoot what she likely loathes most on this earth in her own life.
Don't hammer this film for trying to get inside the head of Mark David Chapman before he shot John Lennon outside the rock legend's New York apartment on December 8th, 1980. Hammer it instead for failing to do so with any depth or insight.
Will likely make its own mark on history as the single most relentlessly self-conscious vanity project to ever be conceived.
That anyone would allow this new guy into their lives is a complete stretch.
Chapter 27 is a smart attempt to distill the twisted psychology and motivation of Mark David Chapman, which we've all superficially gleaned through mass-media reports and intermittent updates on Chapman's incarceration.
In order to play John Lennon's assassin Mark David Chapman, actor Jared Leto gained some 70 pounds. Seemingly following his lead, the pic itself is heavy, lethargic, and exasperating.
Feels like thirty pages of script in a 90-minute frame.
Some viewers may well find Chapter 27 sleazy or distasteful, and I won't argue the point. But Schaefer's movie creates its own highly compelling world, which is pretty much the prime directive in filmmaking.
Worth seeing for Leto's performance ... but its slow, meandering pace tends to be its undoing.





@highlight

Despite Jared Leto's committed performance, Chapter 27 fails to penetrate to mind of Mark David Chapman, John Lennon's killer.