There are some laughs to be had along the constructed way but the minuses outweigh the pluses and the whole female police mismatch was done better in The Heat with Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy.
Hot Pursuit is a movie so unutterably terrible it defies explanation...
Too many convenient situations, too many idiotic minor characters and too many bad lines of dialogue involving menstruation and criminal nicknames forced this buddy comedy completely off the map.
The film relies far too heavily on the reputations of its two leads and there's very little that surprises throughout the film and it never really even commits to the 'odd-couple' dynamic.
A picture in which every single element conspires to make it feel like a movie you rented one lonely Saturday night back in 1987 and immediately regretted.
Spectacularly misogynist. Every single attempt at humor - all of which fail - comes from abusing and humiliating its central female characters as women.
You won't laugh much, and you're unlikely to remember it.
The only real joke in this so-called comedy is that any of the women who worked on it chose to make it at all.
One of those wannabe-crazy comedies where you almost feel sorry for the stars as they get up to such loudly dorky shenanigans (or you would if they weren't so annoying)
If justice was a real thing, the Academy would be knocking on Reese Whiterspoon's door to take her Oscar back. [Full review in Spanish]
You'll laugh a few times, but Hot Pursuit fails to be the smart comedy it should've been, especially given that it stars an Oscar-winning actress and the Emmy and Golden Globe-nominated star of one of TV's top comedies. This movie feels beneath them.
Even when the film finds something funny... it runs the gag into the ground.
There's not much worse than a comedy with no laughs, and Hot Pursuit is a movie where punchlines go to die.
Unfunny and anti-feminist.
A concept film needs much more than the high-pitched goofiness of "Hot Pursuit."
Another in a long line of half baked festering "Midnight Run" wannabes...
You want to like the results, but most of the time, the zany circumstances and physical comedy feel too forced.
Cooper is a rather pitiful caricature of a hapless blonde redeemed only by the actress's innate likeability which not even the crass script can totally suppress.
At a certain point, films that present themselves as flat-out comedies should generate some actual laughs.
Both leads offer a diminished shtick, Witherspoon flustered and prim, Vergara flogging her zany Latina firecat routine from Modern Family.
Witherspoon and Vergara do have chemistry together, but a lack of decent gags means this buddy comedy vehicle is running on empty.
It ostensibly shows two polar opposites transcending stereotypes to finding common ground but is so lazy, laboured and retrograde that I winced throughout. I'm still wincing now!
Let's all just carry on with our lives now.
Hot pursuit loses it.
It's genial, with appealing stars and fair giggles.
Plenty of comedies miss more often than they hit, but fashioning one with literally zero laughs takes serious commitment.
The best that can be said is that director Anne Fletcher keeps the tempo very brisk, leaving as little time as possible for us to work out why we are not laughing.
The makers of Hot Pursuit would love to add Reese Witherspoon and Sofía Vergara to that list of great odd couples in road movies. They won't, because the two entirely lack what those other duos had in abundance -- chemistry.
The title would work better if the two hot women were the ones doing the pursuing, as opposed to being pursued - and indeed, if the film were funny in the first place.
Overworked yet underdeveloped; watching this movie is like watching a dog chasing its tail and just about as funny.
Chaos, and a missed opportunity.
It starts running out of gas and gags well before the end, the appealing interplay between the stars crying out for a sharper script and higher calibre action.
Hot Pursuit is a very below average film. [full review in Spanish]
A hollow and tasteless charade. [full review in Spanish]
The chemistry between Witherspoon and Vergara makes this a really fun movie and a decent entry in the odd couple genre. [full review in Spanish]
A fun movie only due to the chemistry between the two leads. [full review in Spanish]
Hot Pursuit not even lukewarm
If 2015 was not already in the history books as the year that gave us Paul Blart: Mall Cop 2 - and cruelly refused to let us give it back - then Hot Pursuit would be the name to drop when discussing contemporary comedy at its most calamitous.
Thank goodness for sassy Sofia Vergara: her decorative comedic turn makes this inane comedy almost bearable
My faith in humanity has been restored. I watched a couple leave the theater.
Why Reese Witherspoon would choose to play an obsessive, hyper-focused cop in Anne Fletcher's action comedy Hot Pursuit is even more puzzling than why she would decide to produce the movie.
David Feeney and John Quaintance's script is scattershot and silly (beginning with that sniggering double-entendre title), and Anne Fletcher's direction is often sloppy.
Remains cold as comedy, pursuing laughs unsuccessfully until the end ... where a bloopers reel reveals the cast's chuckling fun. At least someone got some guffaws out of this guff.
There's hardly an area in which Hot Pursuit is not found lacking.
How could anything as lightweight and predictable be so hilarious? Because it has Reese Witherspoon and Sofía Vergara in it.
The story bounces through mood swings that Prozac couldn't cure, veering unsteadily from light comedy to dark drug-world violence to female-bonding pathos.
We're no fans of capital punishment but if any movie deserved to be put out of its misery, it's this one.
Embarrassments abound. Choosing the rock-bottom of the film's excruciatingly unfunny scenes makes for a tough choice.
That sitcom-style approach, when wedded to a script devoid of invention, spells boredom.
I know what you're thinking. Uptight female cop, mismatched female buddy, drug lords, sight gags involving a female law enforcer's underwear - this is kind of like The Heat, right? Wrong. Its creators attempt to commit literary larceny but bungle the job.
Someone should call in a 10-79 on this type of odd-couple chase comedy: bomb threat.
A hilarious mixture of "The Defiant Ones" and "Midnight Run,"
While watching Hot Pursuit, I struggled to mentally convince myself to remain in the theater.
Lame and tedious, it's cringe-worthy.
Wants to be this year's "The Heat", but never gets hotter than lukewarm.
I want my 87 minutes back. Directed, produced and starring smart women in a complete and total comic misfire that is almost painful to watch.
A high-concept, low-octane road movie filled with chases and shrieking that cannot disguise the soul-numbing vacuousness of its screenplay.
It's dumb humor wrapped into a 90 minute package and while I wish I liked it more, if you've seen the trailer, you know what you're getting into.
It's actually, actively worse than you think it's going to be.
Hot Pursuit teams Reese Witherspoon and Sofia Vergara, and the result goes well beyond oil and vinegar -- it's more like ketchup and Frosted Strawberry Pop-Tarts.
Hot Pursuit will provide some moviegoers with a few easy laughs, but others are likely to find it just boring and unfunny.
I know that many guys out there find Vergara sizzling hot, and there are two huge reasons why they forgive her annoying delivery. However, I can only take so much of her.
An embarrassing addition to the odd-couple comedy, an unfunny hodgepodge of genre clichés that betrays characters who are first-draft sketches rather than full-bodied women.
A clunky misfire that chokes on the fumes of tired lowbrow gags, worn-out stereotypes, shrill slapstick and lazy, predictable, sub-sitcom writing.
One of those comedies about supposedly ordinary people of at least average intelligence who nonetheless spend the entire movie being frantic, bumbling morons.
Painfully unfunny and offensive. Sofia Vergara's one trick pony of playing the spicy Latina falls flatter than the mild sauce at Taco Bell.
Witherspoon produces and stars in this lazy, meandering, lowbrow comedy, leaning on gags about her flat ass and co-star Sofia Vergara's massive boobs. Such impotent humour is a real letdown considering the female talent in front of and behind the camera.
Those fussing about the lack of strong-minded, independent roles for women in Hollywood should probably stay far away from this misguided road-trip comedy.
Even as a heterosexual man, I couldn't stand watching these two for much more than an hour: I excused myself to the bathroom and never looked back. In the immortal words of Dean Wormer, "Mr. Blutarsky...zero...point...zero".
It makes The Other Woman look like Ex-Machina.
It's an interesting conundrum, a mediocre movie whose existence should be celebrated.
The dueling accents are meant to be part of some mounting joke, in which each woman sounds like an idiot to the other. It's not funny. Neither is most of the movie, which throws these two at a wall of gags and hopes they stick.
A sad, sorry film that could very well come to represent the absolute nadir of its genre.
Hot Pursuit is a hot mess.
I'm not saying the sort-of buddy-cop type of comedy is a categorically paltry one. But two famous faces starring as Rule-Follower and Wild Card, plus endless gags, is a formula that can't stand strong alone.
Once you get past the punch lines that, yes, Cooper is short of stature, and yes, Daniella has an hourglass figure and an accent, Hot Pursuit appears to run out of ideas for how these two talented women can be funny.
It's like Midnight Run with far fewer laughs and a lot more period jokes.
A toothless and nearly laughless buddy comedy.
Reese Witherspoon's OCD personality is much more annoying than funny. The weak script and ineffectual directing are just nails in the coffin.
Though Sofia Vergara is definitely hot, Hot Pursuit -- in hot pursuit of your box office bucks -- is anything but hot and not worth the pursuit, hot or otherwise.
Stars' chemistry can't save uninspiring, cliched comedy.
"Hot Pursuit" features one of the worst and most forced performances of Reese Witherspoon's career, an irritating performance by Sofia Vergara(whom I love on 'Modern Family') and a seemingly endless parade of lazy and arbitrary plot twists and turns.
Hot Pursuit is only 87 minutes long. 87 painful, mind-numbing, grating on your nerves minutes long.
You could easily imagine these two in a sharper, edgier comedy. Maybe, if Hot Pursuit is a hit, the filmmakers can take a mulligan and reunite them for a faster, funnier sequel.
There's "paying the bills," then there's something this lazy, uninspired, and hackneyed.
Hot Pursuit has a handful of great laughs, even if plenty are dead as a doornail, too. But above all, it's only 87 minutes and isn't a waste of time. It's fine.
Vergara's pronunciation of the words 'uterine walls' is downright superheroic.
The pairing of Witherspoon and Vergara is actually quite inspired, but "Hot Pursuit's" inspiration stopped dead in its tracks after its stars were cast.
For someone with a background in choreography, Fletcher has no idea of how to sell physical comedy. Characters stumble around and drop things but there's no grace to their clumsiness, no punchline at the end of their embarrassment.
The words "Dumpster Fire" and "Hot Mess" come to mind.
It's insulting to anyone who is able to sit upright for less than an hour and a half and watch images projected on a large white screen. It is an absolute must-avoid.(Full Content Review - Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
It's a chase film, it's a buddy film, it's a ridiculous, loud and often offensive romp. Witherspoon's character is cornball and annoyingly adrenalized - what was she thinking?
The only thing hot about "Hot Pursuit" is its scant 87-minute running time. And it still feels like four hours.
Playing to stereotypes and terrible jokes, it is mostly unfunny, frequently offensive and entirely dumb.
Hot Pursuit is that rare breed of comedy that is so frivolous and haphazardly realized that it can only aspire to stupidity in its characters and in itself.
The best compliment to be paid Hot Pursuit, in fact, is that the action-comedy wisely clocks in at just under 90 minutes, thus sparing audiences from more failed laughs and ineptitude, and the film's stars further embarrassment at being part of it.
There should be a volcano-producing, baking-soda-and-vinegar reaction between these two, but more often, it's like baking soda and water.
So bad you'd think it was directed by the worst sort of male chauvinist director.
I'm a sucker for outtakes during end credits, even - maybe especially - when they're attached to subpar comedies like this one. Everyone was having such a hilarious time! I wish I could say the same!
We are in the midst of a comedy boom, and within it an explosion of feminist and woman-driven humor, but the news has apparently not reached Warner Bros. headquarters.
Reese Witherspoon and Sofia Vergara have great chemistry as a misfit comedy duo in the road movie Hot Pursuit. Unfortunately, they also have to strut their stuff while battling through a terrible screenplay with a hackneyed plot and dismal dialogue.
A truly tasteless comedy featuring the otherwise talented Reese Witherspoon and Sofia Vergara.
Gratingly vapid and wholly unoriginal.
a series of badly executed attempts at zaniness that have more than a whiff of desperation about them
You've got to be in the right frame of mind to enjoy it. Like desperate and trapped on a domestic flight with a dead iPad, no headphones and 87 minutes of cruising altitude to fill with something by watching it over someone's shoulder without sound.
Small ambitions, small laughs, and small jokes define Hot Pursuit's tour through well-worn territory.
If the material used to fill in the formula could capitalize on the stars' charisma, the proceedings might be less cringe-worthy. Instead, Witherspoon and Vergara simply yell at each other.
While she can make static cinema as well as anybody in the boys club -- Hot Pursuit is solid evidence of that -- Ms. Fletcher also monkeys with the conventions enough to make one wonder what kind of mischief she could ultimately commit.
Short on laughs, even at 87 minutes.
The final measure of how bad this movie is comes in the closing credits. Even the string of bloopers can't generate a single snicker.
In the pro forma end-credit outtakes, we see the stars muff their lines, mug for the camera, and generally have a good time. It's nice that someone does.
Presents two annoying people and has them yell at each other for an hour or so.
If there's any sexist cliché or sitcom groaner missed by the guilty parties behind this cop-and-robber coupling, it's not for want of trying.
Crass, frantic farce--a distaff riff on the formula of 'Midnight Run' that will make you wince more often than Charles Grodin did in that 1988 movie.
"Hot Pursuit" is destined for an unfair critical drubbing.
Flimsy and forgettable. The script is a lazy, paint-by-numbers concoction of clichés and contrivances. The action is tedious. The jokes flat.
'Hot Pursuit' in a nutshell: "You got salsa in mah grits!" "You got greets in my salsa!" And, scene.
In a pairing of Witherspoon and Vergara, you might expect Vergara to be the funny one. But the script has Witherspoon playing for laughs, and Vergara acting as straight man. The balance is off.
There's no saving grace here.
Hot Pursuit finds Vergara operating at the shrill top of her range at every moment, pushing the scene to be louder and broader.
While there are some hilarious scenes, and leads Reese Witherspoon and Sofia Vergara have a strong chemistry, Hot Pursuit is never much more than a moderately entertaining distraction.
Hot Pursuit is a film that takes the whole buddy-movie formula and gives it a wild, sometimes boisterous and genuinely funny female spin.
At no point do we sense that Coop and Daniella are in any real danger. They merrily barrel through one scene after another as if they're stuck on a shopping spree with someone they don't really like.
Women in Hollywood may be desperate to prove that they can be funny too, but Hot Pursuit is so painfully dull, mind-numbingly stupid and just plain lazy that it doesn't exactly help their cause.
The trailers for the Reese Witherspoon-Sofia Vergara comedy "Hot Pursuit" hint at a movie that's unfunny, insufferable and obvious. You can't say you weren't warned.
Reese Witherspoon delivers a few minutes of superb physical humor in this otherwise worthless action comedy.
Wastes the talents of Reese Witherspoon and Sofia Vergara as egregiously as one could possibly imagine, resorting to lame jokes, cliches and incompetent storytelling to pass the time.
This would-be knee-slapper is so tightly calculated that there's absolutely no comic oxygen left to breathe in.
A laugh could die of loneliness in this shrill, slapstick buddy farce. The proven comic gifts of Witherspoon and Vergara have gone MIA.
Stunningly bad considering the talent involved. It's hard to believe anyone working on this actually thought they were making something funny.
"Hot Pursuit" feels like a comedy that forgot its comedian.
There isn't one joke, sight gag or piece of slapstick tomfoolery that lands with any success or originality ...
As a movie, "Hot Pursuit" can barely be said to exist.
It's ill-conceived, not funny, overbearing and not in any way worth watching.
Reese Witherspoon and Sofia Vergara are talented actors, but they're not miracle workers.
The only thing that could've made Sofia Vergara's misguided contribution grislier would have been to fellate a Chiquita banana.
"Hot Pursuit" isn't funny or exciting, it's just loud, gifting stars Reese Witherspoon and Sofia Vergara a holiday to let loose with caricatures, trusting volume to be the cure-all for a dud script.
Should have been released straight to single-occupant hotel rooms with the tagline, 'What else is on?'
Witherspoon and Vergara have charisma to spare and the potential for an oil-and-water chemistry that could have worked, but director Anne Fletcher didn't guide them anywhere and writers David Feeney and John Quiantance gave them nothing to work with.
These two will not be added to the list of great comic duos anytime soon.
Witherspoon and Vergara are both experienced comedic actors with charisma to spare, and watching them pal around is a perfectly pleasant way to pass some time. But with material this uninspired, 87 minutes of riding shotgun is long enough.
The blame lies with a dopey script, director Anne Fletcher and a lazy Hollywood assumption that female buddy flicks should be as half-assed as their male counterparts.
Clearly, the idea here was to follow in the flatfootsteps of "The Heat": Funny ladies do funny cop-movie business. But with all the overacting and downright YELLING, comedy crumbles under the sonic assault.
Reese, why? Comedy for you is cursed. Vergara shows she can deliver chemistry but she can now retire the accent.
I am tempted to say it's another sorry example of what women have to do to keep an acting career going today, when all the juicy roles go to men. Unfortunately they have only themselves to blame. They are both listed in the credits as executive producers.
"Hot Pursuit" isn't something you should pursue. Ever.
Hot Pursuit goes after every lowest common denominator joke possible.
Good for Reese Witherspoon and Sofia Vergara for becoming close friends and partners in crime during filming. But there's no need for you to be handcuffed to this mess too.
[Witherspoon] seems unafraid to cut loose, and she and Vergara make a terrific team.
I take no pleasure from expressing my displeasure in a film like Hot Pursuit.
Sofia Vergara successfully stakes her claim as the heir apparent of Brazilian bombshell Carmen Miranda. All she needs now is a fruit-filled sombrero!
In another era would have been one of the lesser Bob Hope-Bing Crosby or Dean Martin-Jerry Lewis entries - an installment that does little but coast on the charms of its cast.
One of them is short and the other one is Colombian -- that's pretty much all there is to this milquetoast buddy comedy that ought to have premiered directly on seat-back airplane televisions.
It takes a special director to make these two funny ladies this dull. Anne Fletcher? Take a bow.
Plays into just about every sort of cliche you could possible think of with little to no surprises. Sad.
Isn't this the sort of nitwit comedy Reese Witherspoon wasn't going to have to make anymore after becoming a producer on the likes of Wild and Gone Girl?
Reese Witherspoon and Sofia Vergara can't save this lazy, unfunny action-comedy.
I can't believe just how dumb Hot Pursuit is. Moreover I can't believe just how much I laughed.
If you've ever wondered what an Adam Sandler film starring Reese Witherspoon would look like, "Hot Pursuit" is it.
A very bad sign is when the film has to explain what calling shotgun is, in case the audience doesn't get the sophisticated double entendre.
"Hot Pursuit" is as generic and unmemorable as its title, giving viewers the unpleasant experience of watching two normally funny actresses bickering interminably.
As entertaining as watching a dogfight between two Chihuahuas inside a burlap sack.

@highlight

Shrill and unfunny, Hot Pursuit bungles what should have been an easy opportunity to showcase Reese Witherspoon and Sofia Vergara's likable odd-couple chemistry.