How do you make a Snow White movie without Snow White? The answer is you probably shouldn't
Kristen Stewart was wise to stay away from this film.
In ping-ponging in between the sibling rivalry and the love story, the narrative fails to get too deep into either track.
As you might expect, the effects are impressive but, as you also might expect, acting, story and comedy less so.
Huntsman feels like a movie that resulted from a three-day bender-it probably sounded like a good idea at one point, but no one can remember exactly why.
Like the cheapest types of candy, there's a hollow center to The Huntsman: Winter's War.
It tries a little too hard to be charming, and when mixed with abysmal attempts at Scottish accents that almost seem facetious, the entire production comes off as inauthentic and a bit of a joke.
No amount of spectacle can disguise the movie's lack of substance.
[An] ill-fated sequel.
This isn't exactly a sequel people were clamoring for, and yet here we are.
Nicolas-Troyan can handle special effects but his fantasy world looks less enchanting than a sanitary landfill. Everything is gray, flat and blurry.
The Huntsman: Winter's War having so many good bits made me me more frustrated than if it had been a wall-to-wall mediocre movie. Because there is potential, and it was squandered.
Even filled with flaws and missteps aplenty, I got a serious kick out of this sequel, I enjoyed it far more than I imagined I was going to.
The heavily female-centered The Huntsman: Winter's War boasts beautiful visual effects and a sense of humor sorely lacking from the original.
Operating somewhere between Once Upon a Time and Game of Thrones, the adventure bounds along with a lot of energy, the odd witty line, nice scenery and some obligatory sprinkles of CGI magic.
The Huntsman is a surprisingly entertaining romp.
What happens when an unnecessary sequel, CGI aplenty, and usually good actors get snow-plowed into each other at hyper-Zamboni speed-none will survive.
The serious nature of the movie indicates the filmmakers weren't out to spoof anything but it may have been better if they had.
Basically a good old fantasy adventure, best described as a fairy tale with dirt under the fingernails where the realms of magic spells and enchanted forests mix with the more brute realities of sword fights and monsters.
Drafting on a recent smash Disney success, (the film) aims to answer the question no one asked: What if the characters from "Frozen" were complete jerks?
There is a gonzo, nut job of a movie in here somewhere about two divas going medieval. Sadly, they too easily let it go.
Not actively bad, Huntsman still feels like a prime example of what's so unfortunate about studio movies today: pursuing franchises at the expense of all else.
Winter's War wastes a great cast in a film that borrows too much from other films. [Full review in Spanish]
The tale is lazily and uncompellingly told -- sparkling eye candy with a bitter taste.
I don't see how anybody could find anything to like about this movie.
Like its predecessor, it's too dark and doomy to be any fun, and this time any link to the Brothers Grimm is tenuous indeed-it amounts to dropping the name of Snow White every half-hour or so.
Boasts dazzling special effects -- but those icy ones become too repetitive. Still, the gorgeous costumes worn by Emily Blunt and Charlize Theron are almost worth the ticket price..
A film so confused it honestly doesn't even know if it's a prequel or a sequel.
Beyond the eye candy, remarkably little happens here.
Short On Plot But Incredible Visuals
A fantasy-film anomaly; nominally about a dude, it's actually a playground for three glamorous, mature women at the height of their powers.
An unnecessary sequel that lacks the sparkle and creative exuberance that made the original stand out.
This dispirited, portentous goulash of mediocrity has the aura of a movie that was very expensive but poorly thought-out.
A joyless piece of filmmaking which feels empty, forced and most of all, unmagical.
Maybe this experiment can carry on despite wasting the talent of three great actresses, but those responsible for making it should ask themselves if this boring Snow White expanded universe has anything more to give. [Full Review in Spanish]
Without the originality of the point of view of the first one and, even worse, without the pulse at the time of the action, the film entertains and not much else. [Full Review in Spanish]
This is what happens when an overexcited studio exec's buddies tell him strong female characters are all the rage these days.
An unnecessary sequel and a waste of talent. They deserve a poisoned apple with no kiss from a prince. [Full review in Spanish]
An unnecessary sequel/prequel that feels like the poor man's Frozen. [Full review in Spanish]
Fumbling, fatally flawed fairytale....
Fanboys, who will love the fighting, and fangirls, who have three prominent and strong figures of feminism as the stars of "The Huntsman: Winter's War," will likely enjoy it. But, it left me underwhelmed.
As with many prequels, it exists largely because a Hollywood studio wants a franchise, not because someone had a great story that they were passionate about telling. The movie sadly feels too much like the "product" it is.
It is both a sequel and a prequel to 2012's "Snow White and the Huntsman," but alas, Snow White wasn't even invited to her own party.
As before, Theron dominates the proceedings; unfortunately, she has about as much screen time as the Jawas in Star Wars.
The Huntsman: Winter's War closes with a CGI-heavy stretch that cements its place as a thoroughly worthless followup...
When people gripe about Hollywood's reliance on sequels and cheap franchise cash-ins, this is the kind of movie they mean: no Grimm's Fairy Tale, but a grim tale nonetheless.
It's all a bunch of nonsense, but the production values are high and the forests are enchanted, the special effects...are good, and the story is told with a wink and a lot of light-hearted touches, so there's nothing to get too upset about.
By cramming far too much material into 114 minutes, The Huntsman: Winter's War feels rushed and incomplete.
This Snow White spinoff movie is dwarfed by its predecessors - hardly the fairest of them all. But not without its virtues.
As a unique production - free from the heavy baggage of the previous film - it might have been a halfway decent fantasy adventure. Sure, it's no Conan the Barbarian but Conan the Destroyer? Maybe. Just maybe.
Unnecessary on nearly all levels.
If the narrator has to tell you what is going on in the movie and provide the emotional motivations then why make the movie? Just write a book already.
As long as you're okay with the usual computer-generated world-building, The Huntsman does paint a colorful fantasy realm, boosted by James Newton Howard's hard-working score.
The Huntsman makes me reconsider how much I really like Chris Hemsworth. I really like him as Thor and I think he's got a great knack for comedy, but here he seems far too enamored of his own charm.
Three of Hollywood's most powerful female actors get lost in a morass of special effects.
The stars earn their paychecks trying to will Winter's War into becoming a legit franchise.
For an all star cast, this was probably everyone's worst film, especially Blunt, who felt like the female version of Eddie Redmayne in Jupiter Ascending.
Every single piece of The Huntsman: Winter's War underwhelms - resulting in a strained prequel/sequel/spin-off fairytale with very little magic.
I am decidedly exhausted by all of the prequels/sequels which make up stories to prolong the life of a once-loved fairy tale.
It's a shame they couldn't find a better looking actor than Hemsworth to play the hunky huntsman.
It's certainly a beautiful dud. It's a well-acted dud. But a dud it is, and when it lands, that landing is as heavy as a big, fat, icy snowball.
The script lifts so much plot from Disney's animated Frozen that it could qualify as a remake. No one sings "Let It Go," but my advice to audiences is to do just that.
Not great, not risible, just fair.
Hemsworth is so charming he should be playing psychopaths. The man cannot stop smiling during a violent storm and here he's a flirt in a fetching woodsman outfit.
Glum, messy, dull and brazenly patched together from a dozen better [films].
Winter's War is a kind of poor man's Lord of the Rings, only if you swapped out Sauron with Elsa from Disney's Frozen.
Hemsworth remains an excellent Huntsman, but Winter's War is a confused, directionless mess.
Blunt's chilly performance is a welcome foil to Theron's histrionics, but the bond between the sisters is about as convincing as the icicle-laden romance between Eric and Sara.
Here's hoping that any future installment ditches the Huntsman the way that Snow White was shunted aside, because the evil queens are where it's at.
Let it go. Really. Mediocre, derivative unnecessary sequel.
The movie has so much clutter and gratuitous sparkle that it feels like something from Elvis's closet: a grand cape outfitted with gold, silver and femme fatales - but serves no purpose whatsoever. It just hangs there.
Mirror, mirror on the wall, who decided a follow-up to "Snow White and the Huntsman" was needed at all?
Messy, violent Snow White sequel wastes its great actors.
Stick an arrow/axe/your weapon of choice in it, this franchise is done.
Barely fresh and mostly because of the visuals. Ironically, it's a prequel and a sequel to the so-so Snow White and the Huntsman. It's kinda fun. Key word: kinda.
"The Huntsman: Winter's War" is still far from a classic and while it does have a lot more going for it than its lumbering predecessor, that's still a pretty low bar to clear.
All of it left me with nothing more than a "meh" reaction as filtered through a yawn. (Full Content Review for Parents - Sexual Content, Violence, etc. - Also Available)
Magical, in that it manages to make two hours seem like four, make good actors seem like hacks and make ice burps unintentionally funny rather than as terrifying as they should be.
...a forced theatrical concoction relying on a formula whose time has long since passed.
Buy yourself an ice cream sandwich at the concession stand to dampen the pain and anguish.
Freya is given the barest veil of a backstory while Ravenna just oozes ribbons of black bile (literally) for her own evil reasons. These women may be strong but they are never deep.
At least now we have an answer to the question, "Who's the dullest franchise of them all?"
Sampling Tolkien, Disney, and Grimm, The Huntsman: Winter's War lays on the pastiche in slabs, but no one is slouching here.
Now we should worry that studios will use this movie's probable failure to discourage future female-centric blockbusters. Don't blame the stars, all wonderful in their limited capacity.
Blunt and Theron are game but given little to do but strut and declaim. Hemsworth is fun to watch and there are striking visuals, but that can't make up for a dreary mess.
The story may not be deep, but it remains visually arresting...
Every resonant theme or intriguing story possibility is stripped away and replaced with a ready-made franchise-movie conceit.
The Huntsman is so muddled, it's easy to feel sorry for Hemsworth, who has to carry the bulk of the movie on his broad shoulders.
Nearly every major character dies and comes back to life at least once and a convoluted narrative yields not a single, palpable moment of drama.
Nah, queen.
The Huntsman: Winter's War is as beautiful as its macho lead actor Chris Hemsworth is handsome. The movie is also as vacuous, silly and boring as Hemsworth is awkward and awful in the title role.
This peculiar, hybrid prequel/sequel commits the same mistakes as its predecessor, and ends up being as shapeless, nondescript and unimaginative as Snow White was.
The story loses direction like forest wanderers relying on a bread-crumb trail.
There would be use for a properly dark Frozen retelling, more in line with the original tale, where the afflicted actually uses her power for malfeasance. But Freya is a snow day late and a dollar short.
One can almost sense the rewrites here -- the attempts to maintain as much of a preexisting script without resorting to a complete overhaul of the story.
It serves as both a talent-squandering prequel and sequel to Snow White and the Huntsman, while doing nothing more than name-check Snow White.
Half prequel, half sequel, and completely hollow
Even the dexterous A-list cast can't save the day...Winter's War is dead on arrival.
There is a decent movie buried in here somewhere, but with such powerhouse actresses, it's dismaying that it feels so regressive from the first.
Overall, "The Huntsman: Winter's War" feels like a movie that didn't need making, but at least it justifies it existence.
This incoherent screenplay seems to have been written by a roomful of the gorilla-like trolls who show up in the movie at one point.
"Winter's War" opens with the line "What does a mirror show you?" With each scene, the answer becomes clearer: "Stuff you've already seen."
It's better than "Snow White and the Huntsman" but that's not saying much.
[A] less-than-satisfying if occasionally entertaining fantasy romp that does feature some of the more talented actors on the planet.
While the funny, action-packed sequences are the best parts, they are indicative of the film's main problems: an inability to focus and an overly complicated plot.
Gowns aside, this thing's a snooze: Events unfold tediously, and there are many scenes in which extras with dirty faces, playing demoralized townsfolk, mill about in a desultory fashion.
In the hands of first-time feature director Cedric Nicolas-Troyan, who works with a slapped-together but serviceable screenplay by Evan Spiliotopoulos and Craig Mazin, all that silly stuff is plenty entertaining and, in fits and starts, even charming.
This is a film that doesn't even obtain mediocrity. This is the industrial-grade level of bad that only can be enjoyed by fans who watch films ironically for hipster laughs.
Even the good bits lack zip and verve, and the bad bits leave you wondering why director Cedric Nicolas-Troyan (who did visual effects on the first entry) isn't doing more with the super-powered sibling rivalry that clearly sparks his interest.
As befits the modern fairy tale, there isn't so much a happily ever after as there is the promise of another sequel. Or prequel. Or whatever they come up with to take the Snow White concept to the bank one... more... time.
The effects don't have the same splendor, or terrifying menace, as the original. The second half's quest plot suffers from one unmemorable set-piece after another. The actors are all game, but the job's beneath them.
An incredibly dull sequel to a movie no one really liked in the first place. Chastain and Blunt are wasted, while Theron at least has some fun in a surprisingly small part.
A drab, disjointed stab by a first-time feature director who, bless his heart, can't seem to find his target in all the icy, FX-laden glop.
If you like Frozen but wish it was more sexually suggestive, then The Huntsman: Winter's War is for you.
Much of Winter's War looks garish and plastic, with its style ripped off from other, more popular fantasy franchises.
If you liked "Frozen" but wish it had been angrier, "The Huntsman: Winter's War" is for you.
There's so much talent on display here that it's sad to see it wasted on this nonsense.
It's a dunderheaded follow-up, for sure, but it's at least buoyed by Chris Hemsworth's charisma and the few times where Winter's War embraces complete camp.
Everyone here is punching a clock, or punching a blue screen, and everyone's glad when it's over.
Really, Winter's War is superior to its predecessor in almost every way, with better pacing, funnier dwarves, a less overcast tone, and vastly more goblins.
"The Huntsman" is a flabby mess - yet another sequel with no reason to exist.
"Winter's War" doesn't know what to do with itself, partially interested in continuing the "Snow White and the Huntsman" tale and partially embarrassed to be seen with the tepidly received original effort.
Except for the CGI variety, there's no magic whatever to be found in this grim fractured fairy tale that cribs pretty shamelessly from previous smashes-'Frozen' in particular-without making good use of the pilfering.
There needs to be urgency, shape, and emotional investment. In a word, a script. Otherwise, it's just a two-hour Vogue fashion shoot highlighted by Emily Blunt riding bareback on a polar bear.
In a narrative level, this saturated formula may disappoint many. [Full review in Spanish]
Hemsworth and Chastain's characters make for an impossibly attractive, dashing, combative couple and the medieval martial arts sequences, while frequent, never go on too long.
If "Frozen" and "Lord of the Rings" spawned it would look something like this.
Deeply weird, definitely unnecessary, and damnably entertaining, this is cotton-candy cinema: fluffy, sugary, colorful, and so easy to consume that its actual quality becomes inconsequential.
The overriding despair of Winter's War's imagery calls into question who, exactly, the film is for.
Not even new characters inspired by Frozen and Brave can save The Huntsman: Winter's War from being a predictable bore.
Better than it has any right to be.
With this cast, it could have raised the bar on its messy predecessor. Instead, this unintentionally fractured fairy tale is a mess -- a pretty mess, but a mess all the same.
The gloom of adequacy settles sadly over The Huntsman: Winter's War, a cynical cash grab that recycles enough bits from better movies to threaten another sequel.
Charlize Theron is offscreen for a full hour, presumably reading better scripts.
Should anyone ever doubt the salvaging power of proper casting and chemistry in a film, one only need point their attention to this strange beast of a movie to correct them.
There's nothing in Huntsman to hold its pieces together. Everybody's acting up a storm, but nobody expresses any urgency or aspiration or desire - and, what's worse, none of those great actors have been given any memorable lines.
The whole movie is a square peg trying to be jammed into a round hole, with nothing that feels organic and every element there to grift audience bucks.
An early candidate for the worst movie of 2016. Certainly the most pointless and least called-for.
The film borrows plenty, but it brings nothing new.
This is more fractured fairy tale than satisfying epic.
A prequel, a sequel, a spinoff, a mashup, a bit of a remake, and almost a movie.
The majority of 'The Huntsman' is an act of narrative justification, spending more time explaining where the pieces are on the chessboard than actually playing chess.
It doesn't matter how good the cast is on paper because the basics, such as the script and the cut of the film, are not worthy of such good actors.
It's a film too violent for children, too sentimental for adults and, well, too awful for everyone.
A clumsily assembled patchwork of images, ideas, storylines and fabulous frocks that never comes together with any kind of consistency or flair. It's a mess, and a dour one at that.
In The Huntsman: Winter's War, no-one is the fairest of them all.
The film has a great cast, where Charlize Theron stands out, just because she is the perfect for the role, but Emily Blunt and Jessica Chastain are wasted in their roles and the plot is at best mediocre. [Full review in Spanish]
This is better than the last film but it still feels wholly unnecessary.
A hodge-podge of bits assembled from better films.
Mirror, mirror, on the wall, which tedious sequel is yet to bore?
The visual flair cannot hide the many problems. Between the swashbuckling, there is Hemsworth's and Chastain's distracting Scottish accents, their characters' clumsily-penned love story and issues with continuity and plain narrative logic.
There are some laughs, unfortunately they are product of involuntary humor. [Full review in Spanish]
A film with no flaws on the visual aspect, but many on its narrative. [Full review in Spanish]
Nice try, but there's still a long way to go to be a great film. [Full review in Spanish]
The script is weak and the plot is predictable. [Full review in Spanish]
It wastes all of it's talen - specially the villain played by Theron - and turns our to be even worse than its predecesor. [Full review in Spanish]
Aside from success at the box office, there was nothing about 2012's rather uneven fantasy Snow White and the Huntsman that screamed out for a sequel.
Engineered from the minutes of a sequel committee who wanted to fuse Frozen and Braveheart into a package that would delight the four quadrants of the audience, that's men, women, children and body fascists.
It's a Frozen-meets-Hunger Games-meets-X-Men rip-off, but I'm prepared to cut it some slack because it contains a truly novel character: a cool female dwarf.
Spectacular costumes and impressive special effects can't compensate for the tired story, which never justifies its existence.
A diverting but soulless big-screen spectacle that oozes special effects and nimble fight scenes.
There are many offensive things about this insipid confection ...
The derring-do itself is fairly routine and Hemsworth and Chastain's heroic couple, both lumbered with generic Scottish accents, are disappointingly dull.
This handsome follow-up seems to have been meticulously designed to please nobody.
Badly told and badly made, The Huntsman: Winter's War lacks the clarity and moral satisfactions of a proper fairy tale, and wastes the talents of its cast, especially Jessica Chastain
The result is average -- there's not much of a story beyond the question of whether love can conquer all -- but watchable.
It is dismaying to see actors off the quality of Chastain, Theron and Blunt mugging it up in such caricatured and poorly written roles.
The characters never really click and it feels like the actors hired are completely wasted. [Full review in Spanish]
This sequel to Snow White and The Huntsman is visually impressive, but the plot is completely unnecessary. [Full review in Spanish]
This fright of a fairytale could put the makers of Nytol out of business.
You'd expect a few giggles from so much comedic talent, and there are some, but in the laughs department, as in most others, Cedric Nicolas-Troyan's film seems to be straining too hard.
What a very fine cast T he Huntsman: Winter's War is proffering: Jessica Chastain, Charlize Theron, Chris Hemsworth and Emily Blunt. And what a fine mess the first-time director of this fairytale prequel makes as he squanders their talents.
While occasionally diverting and frequently visually impressive, it's largely incoherent ...
It's a prequel and a sequel! It's got girl powerrr and lady-hating! It's a mashup of Lord of the Rings and Frozen! It's all these things, and less.
Winter's War would have really benefited from taking over the empowerment torch. Instead, it's almost two hours' worth of women betraying each other.
Spectacularly unnecessary.
A welcome surprise: sharper and funnier than its doom-laden predecessor, with a fantasy setting immersive enough to distract from the narrative's various chips and cracks.
While The Huntsman: Winter's War is lighter, funnier and aimed at a broader audience (read, fans of Chris Hemsworth's axe-wielding Thor) than its sombre predecessor, this fairytale mish-mash is unlikely to invigorate the franchise.
It's a prequel, it's a sequel, and it's in no way equal to the movie that came before.
Right from the start, it's clear that director Cedric Nicolas-Troyan cares more about the effects than the plot, script and characters.
The script is a dog's breakfast, as is the editing and the over-all plot, which seems to change inexplicably throughout - but the cast is skilled enough to keep you interested.
Visual inventiveness and spectacular casting can't quite salvage a muddled fantasy epic that, if it were a magic mirror, would be held together with gaffer tape.
In many ways this is an adult Frozen with Gothic sensibilities by way of The Lord Of The Rings, making for a derivative pastiche of the past two decades' cinematic fantasy offerings.
Any cracks are very efficiently papered over and the result, while not seamless, still has lots to offer, with sterling performances from the female contingent and a couple of other neat twists on the classic fairy tale.
A film about backstory was always going to struggle. But while the narrative loses power as it unfolds, the cast and FX give it some sparkle.
The Huntsman: Winter's War is an entertaining couple of hours that will thrill magic-lovers with its deep-rooted make-believe story and its dazzling, embellished visuals.
Even if the film worked - and it really doesn't - its existence surely represents one of the daftest studio miscalculations of all time.
I was enjoying myself enough by that point to ignore the cracks in the narrative and just go with it.
Not since Frozen has there been so much on-screen ice as there is [here]. It's all thanks to Emily Blunt's Freya, the blue-eyed villainess who spews it out like a broken fridge-freezer.
All fairly silly, but unfortunately the filmmakers don't quite realize it - along with banning love, decent gags seem to have been outlawed, too.
Liquid gold morphing into the divine Charlize Theron and Emily Blunt as the glam ice queen are two highlights of this special effects driven tale that struggles valiantly to invent a coherent plot to hold it together
It is the follow-up that nobody much wanted to the film that nobody much liked, resulting in something even more visually elaborate and boring, and about which the number of tosses that can be reasonably given is lower than ever.
Feels like a Russian oligarch has thrown a 'Game of Thrones' party and hired his favourite Hollywood actors to come in fancy dress.
Great costumes can't quite compensate for a lackluster concept.
Please, please, please: no more Huntsman movies. Thanks!
A shiny, sprawling, if profoundly silly, studio spectacular.
Some fairytales 'never truly end' intones Liam Neeson's narrator - unfortunately, this franchise feels like it has indeed run its course.
Doubled-up diva-tude, however, can't ignite a rhythmically flat, seemingly committee-helmed franchise outing that never decides on its dramatic center.
Wonky pacing and an uneven tone bring down this solid fairytale. It is redeemed by stirring performances from Jessica Chastain and Emily Blunt.

@highlight

The Huntsman: Winter's War is visually arresting and boasts a stellar cast, but neither are enough to recommend this entirely unnecessary sequel.