Ali Selim's visual masterpiece recalls the stark artistry of Terrence Malick and Western lyricism of Larry McMurtry, as it turns every frame into a picture postcard of stunning beauty.
Exceptionally photographed and remarkably performed by actors Tim Guinee and Elizabeth Reaser, Sweet Land is modest, but demonstrative, eager to detail a love story that sustains for a lifetime.
The flashback structure adds nothing but length to an already awkward mix of humanist-socialist parable and gently halting love story that's been sat on a shelf since 2005. But even so, it's a surprisingly sweet little treat.
At once epic and intimate, Sweet Land offers a stirring account of love and hardship which, aside from a muffed Capra moment towards the end, hardly puts a foot wrong.
Nostalgic, gentle, loving: the elegiac mood set against endless rural space inevitably suggests Malick's Days of Heaven. What next from this considerable talent?
Our movie of the week - which isn't saying much - arrives in the shape of this atmospheric slice of Americana about an arranged marriage deep in the heart of rural Minnesota.
Pleasant surprise of the week, a US indie so unashamedly romantic about pie, cornfields, family and baseball you could be forgiven for thinking you were watching a Presidential campaign video.
Here is a nicely photographed, but bland, insipid and weirdly passive-aggressive little film.
Minnesota between the wars is a bone yard for dreams, yet, like Babette's Feast, the film plucks a tiny miracle from stony ground.
Sweet Land could have been mawkish and overly sentimental, but Selim has a light touch and the film is intelligent, sensitive and sweet.
Echoing Malick's 'Days of Heaven' in the way it captures the majesty of the American countryside, this is a small gem that's worth seeking out.
The son of an Egyptian immigrant, the Minnesota born Selim demonstrates a startling intimacy and empathy for his characters, but infuses his story with a candid tough love for their weaknesses.
Characters' motivations and behaviours wobble all over the map - even within single scenes - making for a profoundly frustrating and disappointing experience for viewers.
It's not a film to watch when you're tired.
Sweet Land isn't so silly as to say 'love conquers all', but it reminds us, sometimes ecstatically, that love can conquer a lot.
An old-fashioned family drama masquerading as an art film.
a gentle, well-observed drama... old-fashioned but in a good sense. ...Reaser and Guinee are such open, animated actors that Inge and Olaf's emotions are easily understandable even if their words are not.
A torturously slow meditation on the tribulations of immigrant farmers that strains for an elegiac tone.
The low budget hasn't prevented the filmmakers from taking care with details. The film's almost palpable: You feel the coldness of the blue, forbidding sky and smell the bristling dustiness of the harvest-ready wheat.
Selim erases the cultural barrier between the eras and makes Olaf and Inge's tentative, forbidden romance seem as beautiful and as tender, and as urgent, as anything that might happen in the present day.
A film of uncommon grace, one that transports you to an America that seems innately familiar even though you have never seen it depicted on-screen quite like this before.
As opposed to the bulk of low-budget films, the look here is lush and beautifully crafted; even the make-up is excellent.
Inge only speaks a "little English", so she relies on her face to convey all her thoughts and emotions and what a canvas for words... Elizabeth Reaser's enchanting on the screen.
A simple but heartwarming period tale...a generous and--appropriately, given the title--sweet-natured portrait of a time long past.
Terrific acting, a perfectly captured period setting, and a simple, aching farm courtship, that's all Sweet Land is.
Sweet Land is so beautiful that it appears to be made of moving postcards, and so dull that it appears to be made of . . . moving postcards.
What we have here is an otherwise respectable period drama that keeps descending to an after-school-special level of bluntness.
Sweet Land values interconnectedness -- in a couple, among a community, with the land, and with ancestors -- and powerfully illustrates it within the story's emotional and visual content.
Sweet Land is a lovely, lovely small story about discrimination, assimilation and acceptance in the plains.
Sweet and low-key, Sweet Land is a movie that likely will leave you wishing you liked it more.
Some of Sweet Land is very predictable, some of it is surprising. What holds the audience's interest are the performances and Selim's solid direction.
It's a blend of immigrant saga, fish-out-of-water parable, Days of Heaven-like pastoral and epic love story, all merging with a seamless, satisfying unity and no wrong notes in its performances or production.
This is the sort of quiet independent film that comes and goes before anyone notices. I hope that doesn't happen here, because Sweet Land is a nicely understated but loving look at the immigrant experience in this country.
A gorgeous romance, set during World War I, with a deep affection for the land and the immigrant settlers who make something of it.
[Director Ali] Selim grounds the story so firmly in its characters that he never hits a false note.
Sweet Land brushes against the true spirit of American independent cinema.
If the Christmas movie season sometimes seems like a holiday smorgasbord stuffed with empty calories, Sweet Land is a much-needed palate cleanser.
Sweet Land is an unusual look at love and how it can unexpectedly develop. Those for whom the concept of an arranged marriage is foreign will get a little history lesson on the immigrant experience watching this sweetly engrossing film.
It's beautiful.
Community intolerance and quasi-legal hurdles in 1920 Minnesota be damned for a courageous mail-order pioneer of the heartland.
As Sweet Land demonstrates, bigotry is vulnerable, and love is universal. Sweet Land is a fervent movie poem to that love -- and to family, land, lost times and old beginnings.
A heartfelt work of radiant simplicity and plainspoken eloquence, Sweet Land offers viewers a lovely reprieve from overproduced, marketing-driven studio schlock.
... a beautifully photographed film ... that celebrates its regional identity.
A lovely, old-fashioned farm romance quietly doubling as a comment on immigration and American identity.
A spare yet meaningful script, subtly deep performances and a starkly beautiful landscape combine in Sweet Land to tell a love story that is as much about the land as it is about two people.
As empty and beautiful as the picturesque Minnesota terrain it's so clearly taken with.
A painterly, patient look at the American immigrant experiencewrit small.
The camera eats up Elizath Reaser: her chiseled features, willowy frame, and long curls that peak out of period hats.
If its drama of German and Norwegian newcomers on the plains of southern Minnesota is modest enough, it's also clearly a labor of love.
Sweet Land is gorgeously shot and directed without a false note, but its chief virtue is the beautiful and little-known [Elizabeth] Reaser.
Selim's script doesn't hit new territory, but beautiful cinematography takes it just far enough.
Intelligently written, brilliantly cast and thesped story of a German mail order bride in a Norwegian-American community in Minnesota just after WWI never hits a wrong note.
Selim, cinematographer David Tumbelty and a superb cast work together to create a believable, poignant and haunting evocation of a long-lost way of life.
There's a tartness at the center of Sweet Land, Ali Selim's unabashedly sentimental tale of a mail-order bride and the community that eventually comes to accept her.
A love story and an elegy, Sweet Land is a meaningful film that makes its points with subtlety.
Director Ali Selim's debut feature is a bland, drawn-out throwback to Jan Troell's '70s epics The Emigrants, The New Land and Zandy's Bride.
If Terrence Malick could ever banish the wispy art clouds from his brain and give in to the storyteller inside, perhaps he might make a movie as stirring as Sweet Land.
This is the real A Prairie Home Companion. You can practically hear Garrison Keillor's voice as an implicit narrator.
Directing with a light comic touch and a palpable affection for the characters, Selim draws pitch-perfect acting from a large cast (John Heard, Ned Beatty, Alan Cumming, Alex Kingston, and Lois Smith) and achieves breathtaking levels of color and clarity.
The film's multilayered narrative (which employs a flashback within a flashback) and complementary use of organic transitions is nothing if not breathtaking.
Not a great film, something to watch when it comes on cable, not for a night out to the theater.
Beautiful cinematography renders the prairie and its sturdy inhabitants more inviting than harsh.
A tender and touching film about the blooming of love, the poignant tug of place, and the challenges of openness in a rural Midwest community in the 1920s.
Sweet Land, a beautiful and poignant film, impressed me with its charming simplicity and convincing sense of place.
Intelligently written, beautifully photographed, intensely emotional and creatively challenging, it's simultaneously heartbreaking and life-affirming.
This is an intelligently told story that relies on intriguing characters and enticingly mellow pacing that reflects the story's setting.
What matters in Sweet Land are the moments between the words being spoken, the mute characters as seen in reaction shots, and the images of flat, grassy Minnesota landscapes and big sky.
A sweet gem.






@highlight

Finding the right balance between subtle and sentimental, Sweet Land moves beyond other similarly-themed dramas with evocative cinematography that plays an equal role to the talented cast.