Lame, horrid sequel is even worse than the first.
This is shocking only for its tepidness; except for some raunchy language, it's ready-made for basic cable.
Screw Tara Reid! Who needs her in this movie. We've got a cockney girl with huge knockers.
prefers to dwell in deep direct-to-DVD juvenility.
Penn sports little of the squirrelly charm evidenced by the original Van Wilder star, Ryan Reynolds.
Penn is capable of so much more.
National Lampoon recycles countless collegiate comedies for this spin-off sequel.
From haphazard editing to clueless cinematography to godawful acting to gaping plot holes to zero laughs to low production values, this sorry sequel has all the earmarks of your classic 'take the money and run' ripoff.
...original star Ryan Reynolds wisely took a pass on coming back for more...
Granted, it's still ****, but with a sweeter odor than usual.
Everything old is old again in this rickety extension of 2002's already rickety Van Wilder.
There was a hedonistic amorality and joyous celebration of privilege in the first Van Wilder that's missing from its sequel. That's fine with me. I hated that movie.
Taj plays like a very bad combination of Revenge of the Nerds and Harry Potter.
Britain and India face off in National Lampoon's Van Wilder 2: The Rise of Taj, a strained attempt to transplant the American campus comedy to more uptight shores.
Ill-conceived.
Van Wilder 2's sense of numbing familiarity is not enhanced by director Mort Nathan's apparent unfamiliarity with the entire filmmaking process.
Some movies are Hollywood's version of littering: Like half-eaten pizzas or rancid burgers, these flicks are tossed aside to rot in empty cinemas.
Dude, where are my laughs?
It's hard to fathom why this didn't go straight to video, or maybe even YouTube.
Before a schmaltzy, earnest ending, Taj manages to score with exactly one decent joke. It's about British colonialism, it's in the trailer and you can see it on the Internet for free.
Crikey, it's enough to give even stupid comedy a bad name.
The four-years-in-the-making, badly recycled (not to mention awful) sequel might stain the honor of the Lampoon label if it hadn't already produced several even worse films.
The Rise of Taj is relatively pointless in the scheme of things, but refreshing in what it (mostly) doesn't resort to for laughs.
The question comes to mind: How do you make a Van Wilder movie without Van Wilder? The answer, after watching the end result, is you don't. Or at least you shouldn't.
Defines pedestrian filmmaking on every conceivable level, yet this embracement of mediocrity lends a surprising amount of legitimacy to its juvenile subject matter.
In an askew way, Rise of Taj is a better film than Van Wilder, but when encountering cinematic crap on this level, it's hard to clearly distinguish the taste anymore.
Penn, who also takes an executive producer credit here, wanders around halfheartedly attempting to make something amusing out of the limp shock-comedy antics, but it all just goes in one innuendo and out the other.
Ryan Reynolds did Blade: Trinity, people. If he thinks a sequel is beneath him, you'd better believe it.
As the movie itself is only occasionally entertaining, I invented my own competition: picking scenes from other movies that the Van Wilder 2 screenwriters ripped off because they didn't have any of their own ideas.
The laughs are low, the breasts are high, and the film is instantly forgettable.
As the nerd sidekick to campus wildman Ryan Reynolds in the original film, Penn projected a geeky charm, but he's not equipped to play the lead in a well-constructed movie, let alone salvage this stunningly mediocre chain of skits.
Penn isn't quite as charming here as he was in Harold and Kumar Go to White Castle, but he has a lot less to work with.
The Rise of Taj never rises to the level of time-killer.
In this sequel to the 2002 campus comedy, Kal Penn spends much of the running time acting like Wilder I star Ryan Reynolds, which no actor with half a brain should be doing.
This is the sort of film that thinks calling a beer a 'libation' is a form of wit.
At times, Taj counsels his lovable losers with Dr. Phil-esque platitudes. Other times, the movie is a booze and sex romp without the jokes or production quality to give the Frat Pack movies a run for their money.
I have had knee-shaking, äss-skewering hemorrhoids that were funnier than this so-called comedy.
While it is nowhere near as awful as I had expected it to be, there's very little here to get excited about, either.
How "Van Wilder 2" somehow made it into theaters is baffling, because it's every bit as unfunny and cheap-looking as its direct-to-DVD brethren
Rather than pushing the envelope, the movie draws pictures of boobies on the envelope and tries to pass that off as comedy.
At one point I tried to force myself to fall asleep, just so I wouldn't have to sit through any more of it.
The film's incompetence is not limited to the writing, acting and directing. There are jarring jump cuts and continuity errors, and a laugh-out-loud eyeline mishap during a supposedly intimate conversation. One keeps expecting a boom mike to peek out.





@highlight

A low-brow comedy, minus the comedy.