Una película intimista, humana y conmovedora, con gran actuación de John Cusack y estupenda banda sonora compuesta por Clint Eastwood.
Cusack really steps into the character of the uptight, conservative, grief-stricken Stanley and the little girls who play his daughters are amazing.
This heartfelt film is a bitter-sweet snapshot of a man and the special relationship he cements with his daughters as he takes them on a spur-of-the-moment road-trip.
The power of the ending comes from the inherent pain of loss, but it's no feat to recognize how emotional this would be, to tell us it's coming and to dangle it in front of us for an hour and a half.
...packs an emotional wallop that ultimately belies its low-key sensibilities...
Depicts a side of the Iraq war, the American home front, that has been barely touched in other Iraq war movies.
the mood is as overcast as the sky that follows the Phillips' as they head for Florida and the inevitable moment of revelation. Grace Is Gone is a downer worthy of a super-sized box of Kleenex
This isn't so much a film about picking up the pieces after a tragedy, but instead an extended story of the pieces that fell...
Despite the strength of the cast (in particular O'Keefe, who's making her film debut here and shows tremendous promise), it's hard to muster much enthusiasm for Grace Is Gone.
Good intentions can only go so far.
Strouse gives the movie an industrial sparseness, which only increases its intimacy.
It makes its points and is more cultural evidence of just how harshly history is likely to judge our ill-fated adventure in the Middle East.
The drawn out process in this character vehicle runs on low grade dramatic fuel.
It's a narrative strategy that neither informs, challenges nor heals.
This is, most subtly, Grace Is Gone's abiding theme, the ways that overwhelming loss bring into focus what remains, as well as the cultural frameworks by which moral judgments are made.
For all its good intentions and solid acting, it ends up more maudlin than penetrating.
[No]matter how much you love [Cusack's] usual snarky schtick, it's wonderful to see him stretch as an artist...
Cusack's climactic confession is heartrending. But too many other moments strain credibility.
A banal weepie.
The perfect maudlin holiday entertainment.
Not a great movie, simply functional, but Cusack gives a great performance.
'Grace is Gone' works best in the quiet moments. ... Shelan O'Keefe couldn't be better ... this low-keyed weepie belongs to her.
There have many films in the last year or so that have dealt with the war in Iraq, but I can't recall one that infuriated me as much as this smugly insufferable soap opera that uses the conflict as an excuse to offer up 90 minutes of muddled mawkishness
It avoids all deeper issues inherent to its subject matter, choosing instead to simply be a slice of depressing life that you won't want to take.
Cusack ... makes such a scene not showing off that he's distracting.
True in its core depiction of a man dealing with limitless sorrow.
A curious case of a sort of "grief peep show," an episodic drama with a lot hidden in its middle.
Sad drama about loss may be too heavy for kids.
This is a very strong and very moving film.
John Cusack takes it down several notches in James C. Strouse's somber, well-acted family mourning tale.
...never once feels authentic, its every move calculated...a movie that uses a road trip to express a family's grief is suspect at best.
Strouse forgoes an explicit critique of the Iraq War in favor of a more universal portrait of grief and acceptance.
Grace Is Gone is a small film, but mostly in all the right ways.
A barbell of a movie that carries some weight at either end. What's in between is purely utilitarian, though.
This is a movie that lobs even appropriate criticisms from a safe distance, a flaw its strengths can't overcome.
It can't be denied that writer James C. Strouse's directing debut is uniquely of our time as home-front films go, and he exploits that new wrinkle for all it's worth.
In a year that has seen wave after wave of films addressing the war in Iraq with varying degrees of anger and frustration, Grace serves as a gently thoughtful coda and reminder of what continues.
A syrupy-sweet, cloying score by Clint Eastwood overwhelms the otherwise elegant simplicity of Strouse's storytelling.
Cusack deserves high praise for his terrific work as an emotionally cold man suddenly devastated by grief, but this effort is expended on a vehicle that has little going for it in the first place.
Incredibly John Cusack has never been nominated for an Academy Award but this movie may change that. He's simply terrific in a fine and moving film.
delivers a certain kind of Midwestern pathos that's understated almost to the point of invisibility
A moving and tender family drama, built on the foundation of a serious contemporary issue.
For most of its 85 minutes Grace Is Gone, a small, tender film about contemporary parenthood in wartime, carries off a delicate balancing act.
Grace Is Gone attempts to address grief frankly, gently, and without didacticism, and it largely succeeds.
It comes as a pleasant relief then to discover that the movie has its heart and soul in the right place.
Its pain is real and its young actresses are promising.
Cusack has never been better; he disappears into his character's repressed skin so utterly, we can barely recognize in him the perky teen heartthrob of Say Anything.
Rather than challenging our national aversion to unhappy endings, both in life and in cinema, [director] Strouse plays right into it. He's devised Grace Is Gone to work on our sentiments the way a porn movie works on our libidos.
Sure, it's a tearjerker with more than a few mushy moments of unhindered grief, but they match the situation. So does Cusack.
It's stirring, even gut-wrenching, on the strength of John Cusack's terrifically restrained performance as a husband in denial over the death of his wife in Iraq.
If Martian Child is the price film goers must pay in order to get Grace Is Gone, then it's a worthwhile trade.
Grace Is Gone grabs on to a name, a war, and the metaphor-come-to-life of a theme park with rides going nowhere. And we, the people, are spun around and shaken for tears.
Its saving grace is also its downfall: there is no sappy sentiment, but no emotional pull, either.
A tender and touching movie about a father who learns how to nurture his daughters while in the midst of grief.
A well-crafted directorial debut that does a worthy job getting one thinking about those who have been the most affected by the war.
Screenwriter James C. Strouse makes an able if flat directorial debut with a simple wartime movie that needed more dimension. This is what a movie without subplots looks like.
It's the Paul Haggis version of National Lampoon's Vacation.
Combines a topical storyline with a thoroughly involving examination of grief that's never remotely maudlin or sentimental.
Engaging, superbly acted and ultimately heart-breaking drama that hammers home the cost of the Iraq war and marks out debut director Strouse as a talent to watch.
The focus is solidly on the human cost borne by those serving their country and their families.
No politics, no pleading. No artifice.
The narrative is flawed, but it benefits from its timely subject (impact of Iraq War on home front) and gender reversal, centering on widower whose wife had died in the war.
As Stanley Phillips, Cusak's embodiment of middle-class average-ness is complete and masterful, not only in the big emotional scenes but in the marginal details.
The film is as affecting -- and as ultimately human -- as one might hope, and it still brings home the ugly real fact that for too many Americans, the evening news isn't just background noise.
All three [principal characters] sometimes just disappear into the affectless, low-energy drift of Grace Is Gone. They stare at carpets, curl up on motel room beds, sit on sidewalks, gaze at the featureless American landscape.
A disappointing and manipulative look at one family's loss in the Iraq war.
Grace is Gone is a film that depends entirely on whether you feel empathy for its characters. Luckily, John Cusack's brilliant performance as Stan captures the experience of a newly bereaved husband whose wife dies while serving in Iraq.
Although clearly coming from an antiwar perspective, the story's emotional effectiveness and family grounding give the film a real shot at connecting with general audiences across the political spectrum.






@highlight

A refreshing departure from the current crop of Iraq war dramas, Grace is Gone is a heartfelt, finely acted portrayal of grief and healing.