An early-established folkloric weight and timelessness runs throughout Dominik's neo-western masterpiece.
Affleck manages to strike so many right notes, that by the end of the film, it is easy to forget what a loathsome toady he was at film's start, and you cannot help but feel real pain as Ford's inevitably sad fate unravels before our eyes.
Examining the transient nature of memories and mythmaking, "Coward" understands there are as many crooked legacies in high definition, as there were 130 years ago in dog-eared dime-store paperbacks and ghoulish stage productions.
The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford is an engrossing and hypnotic western that places a heavy emphasis on atmosphere, character and reality.
Cinematic aerophagia
ovaj film zahtijeva mnogo strpljenja od prosje%u010Dnog gledatelja
As the coward Robert Ford, Casey Affleck is a revelation. Nothing you have seen from him will prepare you for his brilliant work as the childlike young man who goes on to be the downfall of his hero.
Writer-director Andrew Dominik takes his time with the story, but his languorous pacing allows tension to build -- and permits the actors, Affleck in particular, to add nuance and depth to characters who'll seem familiar only at first glance.
Stylized like a Ken Burns documentary.
The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford is the story...of the moment in America when myth was murdered by mere celebrity and we were left, perhaps forever, with only the latter's meager consolations.
This film is far too long but the central relationship of James and Ford is fascinating.
As of October 1st 2007, this is officially the best film I have seen all year.
Jesse James is that rarest of birds -- an art film with mass appeal.
Even though the film looks beautiful there are things that rubbed me the wrong way.
Assassination is a throwback to another time when films were allowed to be unhurried, when audiences trusted multiple story lines to converge organically, and time and place were evoked with consummate craft.
When Ford finally pulls the trigger, it's a relief as the flick's final ten minutes spin into actually interesting terrain
A measured, brooding meander through dreams of loyalty, shadows of treachery, and the particular psychoses of celebrity for those on both sides of stardom...
Likely the most "difficult" film produced with Hollywood money and starring an A-list star since Eyes Wide Shut.
Develops a curious mood of impending fate and final destiny that rides along with the action.
This is the kind of picture that isn't afraid to put its characters under a microscope, and it knows that studying their psychology is far more rewarding than studying their gun-slinging skills.
...it's got a title that perfectly matches its subject matter: They're both too long by half.
One of the most meticulously detailed and original biopics ever made.
anadomei ohi mono tin eikona, tin aisthisi kai ti myrodia toy Far Oyest me ton paliomoditiko tropo grafis kai anaptyksis toy, alla kai ena panemorfo, stoiheiotiko, lito portraito tis amerikanikis ekdohis tis ennoias toy thryloy eikonografimenoy
Moseying along for 160 minutes, this revisionist western by writer-director Andrew Dominik makes a wan attempt to present the Jesse James legend as the dawn of celebrity culture in America.
Casey Affleck's performance as the awkward, awed, angry man-child carries this film, but never hogs it. It's probably too subtle and generous to get Oscar's attention, but at least the Golden Globes caught on.
A sprawling, melancholy epic anti-Western.
This watchable but indulgent curio blings up the petty vanities and ambitions of the criminal class, and lays greater themes in their graves.
For all its intended depth and psychological realism, which at its best carries reminders of the work of Terrence Malick, there's a fake myth-making quality to it that, because of its inordinate length, could be mistaken for grandeur.
Compared to Walter Hill's 1980 movie The Long Riders, also about the James gang, this feels an underpowered affair. Indeed, compared to Dominik's own previous movie, Chopper (2000), it is impossibly meek.
Above all, there's the sense of immersion in a world of harsh beauty whose time is running out. It's to be hoped that non-American audiences embrace this film: it's one of the year's very best.
Affleck and Pitt have prime charge of the tale's humanity and vitality. The first has nervous headlamp eyes and a wheedling, accosting intensity: he is like a homeless pet you would feel sorry for up to the moment it bit you.
A tremendously stylish, intelligent retelling of western myth.
The name everyone will be talking about after seeing this movie is Casey Affleck.
Andrew Dominik's sensational film debags a cherished idol. Tyrone Power, Robert Wagner and Roy Rogers famously played Jesse James like Robin Hood. Brad Pitt plays him like a poisonous Mr Hyde.
While well-crafted and beginning and ending well, for the most part it's like waiting for a tumbleweed to blow across an airless prairie.
A graceful, intelligent movie, and one that gives Casey Affleck a chance to really shine.
Paced like a Terrence Malick or Stanley Kubrick film it will not appeal to everyone, but for those accustomed to using their eyes, ears and brains at the movies this is a magnificent experience.
Apparently, all the world needs a hero and there is nobody better than Brad Pitt, with all his untouchable starriness, to fill those boots.
The running time and pacing may scare some, but Dominik has crafted an instant classic, with poetic visuals, sensational performances and a true love for the genre. Magnificent.
Pitt, toying with his death-wish like some private joke, is eminently watchable in a role with little developmental arc; while Affleck, as his unwitting nemesis, takes his own mysterious integrity right to the grave.
In a case where the most dangerous are kept dangerously close, here we have a rarity: a suspenseful, yet dramatic Western.
The plot's restless shifts in point of view mean that significant action and mere movement become hopelessly confused with one another.
Although it takes place 126 years ago, the film is most fascinating for its contemporary echoes.
An extraordinary and visionary study of a legendary murderer's famous fate, within touching distance of Oscars.
Brad Pitt struts his bad boy outlaw stuff with guns blazing, and a good cigar smoke after the deed is done.
Dominik's portrait of the notorious, celebrated outlaw is cinematic, considered and poetic...The film is long and detailed, but so are the rewards
The hoods of the train robbers remind us of children's Halloween costumes, which adds to the impression that this is a movie populated by dead men too stubborn to give up the ghost.
...a meditation on the nature of celebrity and the superstitious need of thwarted little men to smash their idols.
Hardly a straight shoot-em-up, it instead serves as a commentary on the manner in which Western fact morphed into Western myth even as the ink was still drying on that particular time in American history.
It all adds up to a rewarding work of unusual density.
...a serious, slowly paced but utterly masterful slice of American history.
The main problem of many is that writer-director Andrew Dominik doesn't know if he wants to deflate the outlaw myth or embellish it.
Beautifully directed, visually stunning Western with terrific performances from Casey Affleck and Brad Pitt - this is one of the best films of the year.
Awesome splendor and a striking essay on celebrity reward those who brave the 2 1/2-hour run time.
Slowly paced and almost painfully detailed, Andrew Dominik's film more than fulfills the promise of Chopper (2000), another study of the violence inherent in celebrity.
A bleached-out dreariness and lethargic pace drains this challenging film of much of its impact.
Somewhere within The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford ... there is a brilliant film.
Depending upon your tolerance for cinema as meditation, this moody trek to the inevitable murder of the outlaw Jesse James may actually seem as long as its title. Yet there's much to admire.
...a stark, clear-eyed picture of outlaw life in the real wild west.
A serpentine, snow-smudged and wood-smoke-thick stroll in the shoes of a dead man walking.
It's a view of the West beyond the myth that's worth enduring, if not relishing.
... it's the performances that make this picture compelling in spite of its snail's-pace narrative.
Eschewing John Fordâ(TM)s advice to 'print the legend,' The Assassination of Jesse James instead chooses historical accuracy, a move that could make this epic unpalatable to a mass audience. But this contemplative movie is worth your patience.
Brad Pitt as Jesse James: Seldom has an actor been so perfectly cast.
It's one of the year's most confident, visually arresting films, but it requires patience.
The one thing you're not supposed to do during a Western is doze off.
Assassination is contemplative and quiet, a studied film that is surprisingly engrossing, not to mention so handsomely made you can hardly take your eyes off it.
The movie is scaled too big visually and too small emotionally.
More comparable to the quietly contemplative films of Terrance Malick (The Thin Red Line, The New World) than it is to most gunslinging westerns.
Goes on and on and on and on.
Sometimes as shocking as a gunshot, "The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford" is nonetheless an artful examination of one of the most infamous slayings in American history
An idyll for a cherished figure -- you know, the one who committed dozens of robberies and murdered at least 17 people.
A better title might have been Jesse James in the Age of Pop Therapy.
Written, filmed and acted with real beauty and skill. And it has something powerful to say about today's celebrity-obsessed culture.
An astounding work of mythological storytelling.
I love the tone writer/director Andrew Dominik establishes in the film; it's the dragging-it-out-to-160-minutes part that gets me down.
...a quintessential work of the American Western genre. Brad Pitt gives the best performance of his career...
The movie has an almost hypnotic quality; its spare and often beautiful shots seem to sear themselves into the camera's lens.
Who would have imagined that a biopic about Jesse James could be so boring?
This is a 160-minute art Western, and if you're up for such a beast it is a glory to behold. It's gorgeous, but rarely for the sake of mere gorgeousness, and languorous, but never listless.
Assassination offers enough in the way of performance (Sam Rockwell and Paul Schneider are particularly good in supporting roles) and mood to earn itself a place in the ranks of Jesse James stories.
Mostly ponderous, despite the unceasingly beautiful imagery.
For me, this is sublime poetry. Pitt's performance grows in majesty as things progress, while Affleck is absolutely mesmerizing as the fame-hungry Ford.
The movie has the space and freedom of classic Western epics.
Capricious, meditative and absorbing.
This is not a film which will appeal to the masses, which is unfortunate. Go see this rare offering and make your own decision.
The story drifts aimlessly toward its foregone conclusion, hitting a few interesting notes along the way but never gelling into a coherent narrative.
There is only one word to describe Casey Affleck's performance --- chilling.
Are these the thoughts that ran through Pitt's head after he was hugged in Venice by that aggressive fan?
In order for a movie to be great, it doesn't have to be the one you watch the longest, just the one you don't want to end (this doesn't quite make it to great), but it's worth a look.
Andrew Dominik has taken the familiar story and reconstructed it is such a fascinatingly abstract manner that it feels as if we are watching it unfold before our eyes for the very first time.
This cinematic folk song embraces and celebrates the chasm between idealized outlaw myth and the unglamorous realities of frontier thievery.
Everything about The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford is longer than it needs to be. Its title, for one thing. Its duration -- two hours and 40 minutes! -- for another.
As this old and twisted Jesse, Brad Pitt is quite good. But the movie really belongs to Casey Affleck as Robert Ford.
The oddest major studio release of the year, and one of the most admirable.
Breathes vibrant, murderous life into a Western that's a welcome change from the usual group of guys wandering across the desert.
Sustained passages of eerie, Malickian beauty (an early sequence involving a train robbery feels like one of the reasons that film was invented), mixed with increasing stretches of self-conscious artiness ... It casts a spell, but only intermittently.
The mosaic of moods conjures something that feels both ancient and startlingly contemporary -- with the same doom-laden DNA as great druggy, fatalistic 1970s anti-Westerns like McCabe & Mrs. Miller and Pat Garrett And Billy The Kid.
One of the most cinematically assured works of the year. Blows most tried-and-true westerns out of the water.
A simple, clean, smart idea for a story turned into an agonizingly pretentious mess with world class cinematography and some good performances.
Fact is, The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford should have been better. It should have followed the real focus on the story and done away with at least an hour of subplotting.
It is a broody psychological Western, a lot of peering out into endless prairie landscapes, as much Ingmar Bergman as John Ford, with a little bit of Heathcliff thrown in.
This is the year's epic western, and one wonders why it took so long to get out of the cutting room. See it.
If you love classic and stylish mood Westerns such as McCabe and Mrs. Miller and The Long Riders, this is your film.
As overlaong and pretentious as its title, The Assassination of Jesse James is worth a look almost in spite of itself.
When a film runs 2 hrs. 40 min., it's often because the writer is directing - so there's no one to tell him to trim 40 min. - or else!
A creepy and daring look into one of the most destructive, and self-destructive of American anti-heroes
The cinematic equivalent of a Homeric epic...an ambitious, mesmerizing evocation of the mystique of celebrity and the strange mixture of admiration and envy it generates.
It is no mean feat to make a boring film about Jesse James, but Andrew Dominik has pulled it off in style.
Casey Affleck gives an outstanding performance that proves him to be a character actor of immense creativity, clarity and composure.
The sheer craftsmanship on display ensures a modicum of goodwill, but at two hours and 40 minutes, even the most patient souls may begin to squirm.
When you watch The Assassination of Jesse James..., you've got to appreciate what Kevin Costner could do with three hours. It's an endurance test, not god awful but just not worth spending so much time on.
Aside from the movie's mouthful title, this [is a] contemplative and carousing exposition. [The] prairie-induced pathos is plenty to digest with absolute reverence.
Stunning visuals, award-worthy performances, and a script that takes incredibly rewarding risks, Jesse James is a masterpiece and one of the best films of the year.
A masterwork that already has the feel of a classic. This take on the last days of an iconic western figure constantly surprises and intrigues.
...heightened by a rare cinematic artistry that seamlessly melds a probing character essay with a lyrical Western epic.
It's a western destined to outlive the pronouncements of its own death, because it knows that death is only the first stage in the life of legend.
The movie is merely a long, empty exercise in style.
...an epic film that's part literary treatise, part mournful ballad, and completely a portrait of our world, as seen in a distant mirror.
The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford is a gorgeous snooze.
The look and feel of the movie are as authentic as any Western since Robert Altman's McCabe and Mrs. Miller...
Hugely ambitious and not without moments of success, this indulgent 2 hour and 40 minute epic ends up as unwieldy as its elongated title.
This is a masterpiece.
Much of the film, burdened by unnecessary, obvious narration, is an overly languid, dully paced prelude to the main event...
...The Assassination of Jesse James grabs on to many of the classic tropes of the Western -- the meandering passage of time, the imposing landscapes, the abiding loneliness, the casual violence -- and sets about mapping their furthest edges.
"Assassination" is an epic in every way, from its wide sweeping atmospheric Alberta locations, to its meticulous and magisterial attention to period detail. Mind you, for a Western there isn't that much violence and blood, but the sense of foreboding is e
Best name for a western of any film in history.
A long, ambitious, fitfully rewarding movie.
A slow roast of a movie that seals in all the flavors.
Heroically pretentious.
We are told a lot about Jesse James during the elongated run time -- but learn very little about the man at all.
High quality production. The dialogue in this film sings with poetry, grit, spit, and the ring of rural America circa 1880's. Not an action picture, long with a relaxed pace.
Pitt's subtle work -- relaxed and confident, yet seething with quiet menace -- is complemented beautifully by Affleck's enigmatic Ford, whose admiration for (and fear of) James distinguishes him from a run-of-the-mill scoundrel.
An absolute misfire.
The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford represents a breakthrough in the moviegoing experience. It may be the first time we've been asked to watch a book on tape.
It's a shame that The Assassination of Jesse James, a moody epic directed by Andrew Dominik and based on the 1983 novel by Ron Hansen, never goes much deeper than that tag line.
The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford adds another gauzy chapter to the overtaxed James myth, if not much rhyme or reason, heart or soul.
To put it most bluntly, the thing is just too long and too slow.
I wish this movie wasn't so purposefully elegiac and attenuated -- at times it's like a middling Terrence Malick fantasia -- but it's well worth sitting through.
A surprising near-masterpiece, and the best Western to come across the range since Clint Eastwood's Unforgiven and Jim Jarmusch's Dead Man.
If I were inclined to wheel out cliches like "Oscar-worthy," I'd certainly wheel them out in support of this movie, on several counts.
The Assassination of Jesse James is less of a Western than a mid-Western, which refers both to the film's urban Missouri center of gravity and its pivoting position between horse opera and backstage intrigue.
In its nakedly revealed tremors of fear and insecurity, Affleck's tour de force is reminiscent of the similarly raw work of the late, great John Cazale.
Unforgivably slow and over-titled attempt to dramatize the ignoble murder of the notorious outlaw features a fine performance by Casey Affleck as Ford.
Parts of the movie are brilliant in a Terrence Malick-inspired way, but the lugubrious middle section is badly in need of the hand of a ruthless editor.
Dominik paints a richly detailed mosaic on locations in Calgary and Winnipeg, and you can only marvel at the visual miracles achieved by cinematographer Roger Deakins.
It's Dominik's uncompromising, uncommercial vision and the two leads that give the story such a wonderfully wounded grandeur.
For fans who say they'd pay to watch Brad Pitt read the Yellow Pages -- well, your money might be better-spent on that.
Fact is, The Assassination is nothing more than a misreading of Hollywood mythology.
The extraordinary expressive performers, male and female; the haunting interior and exterior conflicts; the painstaking authenticity of the period detail; and the subtly modulated mood shifts all combine to make a modern masterpiece of an old legend.
A haunting retelling of one of the enduring outlaw sagas in American culture.
Steeped in the lyrical fatalism of that last great decade for the western, the '70s, The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford owes a debt to myriad spiritual ancestors.
Affleck does something remarkable here with his performance: He makes you feel sorry for this weaselly, whiny, 19-year-old kid, yet fear him at the same time.
A psychological chamber drama in which the wide-open spaces are geographic as well as mental.
A majestic biopic that digs more deeply into the character of Jesse James than has ever been done before. Will disappoint fans of shoot-em-ups, though.
While Pitt is fine here -- he's as enigmatic and half-seen as you'd want an icon to be -- it's Affleck who impresses.
Impeccably shot, cast and directed, this is a truly impressive film.
Loping, lyrical, contemplative, poetic, Malick-meets-David Gordon Green style.
Of all the many films about Jesse James, Andrew Dominik's epic may not end up ranking as the most popular or the best film on the subject but it will certainly, flaws and all, be regarded as the most intriguing and ambitious take on the man and his myth.
With an almost aching restraint in the performances and storytelling, Assassination makes for a quite enjoyable film if you give yourself over to its pacing and style.
The slow pace and the fact that the title gives away the entire plot should only be a minor annoyance to those who love strong writing, powerful acting and great filmmaking.
... gets smothered in pointlessly long takes, repetitive scenes, grim Western landscapes and mumbled, heavily accented dialogue.
The titular act of violence is the best scene in the film, radiating a kind of unavoidable fatality that elevates the lethal gunshot from a just another bang to something triggering a very strong sense of epochal change.
It's a magnificent throwback to a time when filmmakers found all sorts of ways to refashion Hollywood's oldest and most durable genre.
The plot is rather weak, but the tone is dark and haunting and the visuals stunning, not to mention Brad Pitt's stunning portrait of paranoia and fear








@highlight

On the strength of its two lead performances Assassination is an expertly crafted period piece, and an insightful look at one of the enduring figures of American lore.