The only way to truly adhere to Alan Moore's vision of Watchmen would be to not make the movie in the first place.
Watchmen isn't your typical caper flick filled with kickass effects and gunfire and no premise.
[Zack] Snyder's Watchmen is mechanical, heartless and, tragically, hollow.
A remarkable film, in many respects.
Those unfamiliar with the work may be completely bewildered, but stick with it -- this is a bold and uncompromising take on one of the genre's sacred cows that stands up to repeat viewings.
For such an epic spectacle, it's not burdened by a lot of clutter. It's intellectual complexity seems well-earned, not gratuitous. It's also visually stunning.
I truly wanted to love Watchmen, but I never warmed up to it and ended up only liking it in parts.
Undeniably, skilfully and wholeheartedly realized by Zack Snyder, the impossible now exists: Watchmen isn't just a movie, it's a great movie.
Snyder has done a good job of staying true to the source material.
Outside of Haley's turn as Rorschach, the cast generally flounders on a raft of exposition-heavy words bobbing in an uncaring sea of ambitious visuals.
Snyder's film is a breath-taking epic, a compelling thriller and an ensemble character piece, far beyond our expectations of the genre.
Watchmen really does work as a film, by staying loyal to the book while still jettisoning the least cinematic elements. Snyder has flaws as a director - big, serious, massive, obvious flaws - but he's working with a goldmine of material here.
Watchmen the movie provides ample evidence that more is more, but less might have been closer to Moore in spirit (that is, anarchic, witty and compelling).
Everything in Watchmen matters: there are no small characters, no false leads, no flab.
The fanboys who have seen the movie are raving about how faithful the film is to Alan Moore's vision - in fact, some have even suggested that what will annoy the notoriously testy writer the most is that the film actually improves on his ending...
If you haven't read the source material I think you're going to dislike it even more than I did. So yeah, it's sort of bad news around here.
It's... not bad.
This is not just a great superhero film, it's an important political debate.
Watchmen isn't the best super hero movie ever made, but taken on its own, it's good. Snyder and company might not have made it to the bleachers, but at least they aimed for them, and there is certainly virtue in that.
Hard to sit through, uneven but ambitious and inspired, and I don't want to see it again.
A magnificent attempt at Alan Moore's saga and a moving working of art...
The film is a ballsy, brainy, and thoroughly bloody examination of human nature, pop culture and 'the good old days' that never were.
Despite its flaws Watchmen is a stunning film that contains far more substance and intrigue than most comic book screen adaptations.
Watchmen? Watch paint dry? 6 in one hand a half a dozen in the other..
Watchmen is one of those rare films which manages to intertwine several genres, without becoming a cluttered mess.
Stylish to a fault, this graphic novel adaptation is never as good as its opening credit sequence.
Intoxicante ejercicio visual que se aleja completamente de la cinta tradicional de superhéroes para adentrarse en el dilema moral de todo héroe que se sabe finalmente humano.
Buckets of gore, truckloads of angst, hot superhero sex, full-frontal radiation-monster nudity, soap opera machinations, pulp fiction voice-overs, weekend trips to Mars .. and enough back stories for the next half-dozen superhero movies.
Zack Snyder's direction is both strikingly beautiful--he and his crew obviously went to great pains to re-create the incredible art from the graphic novel--and strikingly brutal.
Attempts to add something to the original betray an artistic sensibility summed up with 'Whoa, cool!'
The brilliant writer of the comic books that this is based on, Alan Moore, is well known for bisexual characters (women mostly, of course), in his work.
Synder has achieved what many said was impossible; he has in-fact filmed the unfilmable, and arguably done so as well as anyone could have.
If nothing else, Watchmen is a commendable feat of art direction. As far as finding a narrative rhythm, however, the film could have stood a little rescuing itself.
On balance I have to come down on the side of the fanboy demographic. "Watchmen" goes to the positive side of the critical scales.
...surprisingly entertaining for all its fragmented diversity.
Watchmen should not have been made into a movie, at least not this movie, but I do hope you fanboys enjoy your three-hour music video of your favorite graphic novel. I am so disappointed in this film for its own sake.
Fans of the graphic novel will be thrilled to see their beloved tome tenderly rendered out on the big screen, while those unfamiliar with the material will be left wondering why everybody is making such a highbrow fuss.
The reverential tone stands in the way of storytelling.
Una adaptación demasiado ambiciosa, hecha con mucho esmero y visualmente impactante, pero que termina agotando al espectador con su acumulación de personajes, anécdotas, subtramas y referencias (...)
A nearly 3-hour orgy of orchestrated violent vibrancy designed to perpetuate a whole new appreciation for ambitious, unconventional superhero expositions. Robustly confrontational and impishly raw.
Zack Snyder delivers Alan Moore's epic superhero saga to the silver screen with uncompromising vision and adoration.
Comic books and movies both tell stories with pictures, but 'Watchmen' demonstrates that the animating spirit of a rich, fully realized graphic novel may be as hard to transfer to the screen as that of any other type of successful literary work.
'Watchmen' is Campy Fun For Adults!
I spent most of the movie scorning Snyder's reverence to the original, then spent the last half-hour resenting him for changing my favorite part.
The biggest problem with "Watchmen" is at the screenplay level. The story just plain isn't told very well
Dr. Manhattan has the powers of a God. 'And I used them primarily to build a gigantic moving sculpture on Mars,' he says. 'One day, Cher and I will call this our home.'
A rich, visual tableau in search of a narrative.
Impressive effects but all its glories are borrowed.
Watchmen is an entertaining movie, but it's more instead of Moore. In fact, the author previously had taken his name off the project. He knew what the movie form would do to his work -- it would change the tone, the rhythm, and the vision. It did.
Great book, mediocre adaptation.
The true auteur behind Watchmen %u2014 other than the graphic novelist Alan Moore %u2014 is cinematographer Larry Fong. In the IMAX version, the visuals are beyond spectacular.
one comic book ... that genuinely approachesthe complexity and sociological gravity of literature.
It's not that the movie is bad -- it's definitely not a bad film. The source material, however had the makings of a BRILLIANT film.
Dr. Manhattan and his huge stimulus package streaking across the universe, history on acid, and glow-in-the-dark guy nudity. Zack and Dave Make A Graphic Movie, in all its darkest and cocky, attention deficit disordered grandeur.
Basically, with Watchmen, the filmmakers could not win.
Watchmen isn't a superhero movie, it's a pretentious turkey that thinks it's better than the genre.
While Moore may never see the final cut - or any cut, for that matter - Snyder's reverence for his brooding prose and the cynical depths of his vision is unmistakable. He has hardly done the author a disservice.
manages to maintain much of the book's heady philosophical weight, albeit primarily by changing as little as possible from the source material
Snyder hasn't so much made a film of Watchmen as he's performed taxidermy on it.
... a total immersion experience.
Although still just a comic book of a film this is fascinating and riveting action drama that entertains start to finish
This movie is way too long, and one more "meaningful" close-up of Dr. Manhattan and I would have run screaming from the theater.
Jackie Earle Haley steals the show.
This movie is very deliberately aimed at teenaged boys (soft porn and gore porn) and it should do very well in the video market as well as at the box office.
I like watching the Watchmen!
Wow! Your ticket price will buy you a whole lot of movie. Big smooth action, intense emotive acting, complicated plot, steamy romance. This is not a child's comic book flick.
Adrenaline-seeking young men may be enthralled by Watchmen but the confusing plot made little sense to me.
"Does this film approximate the feeling and meaning of the book?" and "If the book didn't exist, would this be a good film?" My answer for both of these questions is "No, not really".
As technically talented as he may be, Snyder is at best a gifted mimic. Far from delivering a unique point of view, he's only able to reproduce what was already represented.
The movie is so uneven that it sometimes it feels like parody or a gaudy recreation just minutes after achieving some kind of true cinematic bliss.
Watchmen left me looking at the exit far more often than at the screen.
Fans of illustrated literature and anyone seeking sure-handed, blustery moviemaking will appreciate 'Watchmen' most of all.
Finding out about The Comedian, Rorschach and Jon is all great. Yet, there's no human (non-superhero) to root for, so I didn't care if their version of Earth went up in smoke.
I finished the revered graphic novel half an hour before I saw the movie.Thus, the two of them will be intertwined for me forever. Not that they don't have their differences %u2013 they do, particularly when it comes to the stories' conclusions. But to me
So muddled and messy for those who have not read Alan Moore's graphic novel, it might be best just not to watch the "Watchmen"
Unimaginative direction.
With a film featuring all this violence and with superheroes the last thing you would expect is a film so dreary and tedious.
For Rorschach, there are clear lines between good and evil, and in this he is the most traditional of the superheroes in Watchmen.
I can understand many of the changes made in the script, and what went in works logically, but that's a massive difference that shifted the tone of the movie.
This epic is to superhero movies what The Godfather is to gangster films.
In my humble opinion, this is probably the best theatrically released film version of Watchmen you could conceivably pull off.
More interested in mythology, philosophy and genre deconstruction than in cheap thrills.
...a fascinating film likely to reward repeated viewings, but just as likely to be discovered on DVD than in the theaters.
If gore is not your thing, steer clear of this one.
A morally-ambiguous parable designed to tap into homoerotic urges while satiating the bloodlust of the sanguine, post-Pavlovian Cyber Generation.
Ponderous and dull, this filmic adaptation of the famous graphic novel proves that great source material, a healthy budget, and technical competence are not enough to make a good movie.
...a strange and gorgeous beast indeed, not without problems, a mesmerizing epic folly of the sort hardly anyone attempts any more. It is absolutely sick with ambition...
Snyder is slavishly reverential to the source work. Too faithful, to the point that film's greatest irony is that it lacks an identity of its own.
A pretentious, over-long, pseudointellectual mess. Self-indulgent and boring, this overhyped dud is one major waste of time.
Watchmen is bold and bloated, fascinating and flawed ... but most of all not worth all the super-hype.
The film could have easily lost an hour on its running time.
The makers, marketers and producers of Watchmen have worked so hard to keep this community happy that they have lost sight of what makes a film truly exciting: our emotional engagement with the characters and their story.
There's a saying that a masterpiece has already found its perfect medium. Snyder has done as good a job as anyone could have done. That's a loaded compliment. But as compliments go, it's a huge one.
Watchmen has taken two decades to get to cinemas. However, the biggest miracle is not that it's finally made it, but that it successfully spins a comic deemed to be unfilmable into a thoughtful, ante-upping blockbuster.
If you're a fan, you'll already have booked your tickets, and we doubt Snyder's reverential approach to the bleak material will disappoint.
Through sheer will and fanboy love Snyder has succeeded where Gilliam and Greengrass failed, bringing Watchmen to the screen faithfully and smartly, if not completely.
Zack Snyder's Watchmen is the Godzilla of the genre, laying waste to any remaining misconceptions.
It's not crash-bang enough for those who love superhero films, not complex enough for those who hate them. It's flawed, then, but a flawed work of brilliance.
Holy Blueballs, Watchmen is brilliant but flawed and leaves me just a little bit cold.
Snyder makes almost all the right plays -- the movie is visually resplendent and remarkably faithful to the source material -- but too often fails to find the heart buried deep within the darkness.
The film has a stunning look, abundant intelligence, and a blessed retention of most of the ideas that made the graphic novel a classic in its genre. Watchmen gave me a big old nerd-gasm.
A brilliant piece of cinema and a fantastic adaptation of the original source material. It might not be for everyone, but for the fans, it will be the event of the year.
A stunning, mind-bending, breathtaking densely-packed motion picture experience.
Visually, it's eye-popping and gorgeous, and the costumes are a sight to see; but with its heavy adult-themed plot, viewers will be mixed with this artistic approach.
The CliffsNotes treatment leaves the uninitiated like me wanting more and fans of the comics ticked that director Zack Snyder, his crew and the cast didn't get it quite right.
I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but unfortunately Snyder's Watchmen is not nearly as special as Moore and Gibbons' graphic novel. Just please take it easy on me. As they say, don't shoot the messenger. Right?
Whoever chose the music should get thrown out a window, but there are moments of Snyder's 300 visual flair and a few flashes of character magic.
Deadly dull, dreary,and overly digressive, and even moreso for those unenthusiastic about comic book renderings.
Not a superhero movie; a dark, gory, complex morality tale.
The comic's tag line was "Who Watches the Watchmen?" and if you're not among those who are, you're likely missing out on the comic book film of the year.
Any film that depicts a 'superheroic' rapist-brute as a self-styled parody of America's 'true face' can hardly be accused of thematic squeamishness, and any film that sends readers back to the comic for Moore (and Gibbons) has served the public interest.
Zack Snyder's film version of Watchmen is a grim and grisly excursion into comic-book mythology.
[T]there are problems both with the tale, which was an awful lot more subversive 20 years ago than it is today, and the telling, which in contrast to Moore's radical experimentation is disappointingly staid and straightforward.
A first-rate adaptation of Moore and Gibbons' densely imagined, alternate pop culture history of the world, a dazzling, dystopian fable with a deeply dark heart.
Except for a few strong performances (balanced out by a few awful ones) and the strength of the ideas at the core of Watchmen, the film is a complete disaster, one of the biggest disappointments of the last several years.
Rich with vibrant color, visceral action and dynamic characters, Zack Snyder's ambitious adaptation of the acclaimed graphic novel is a visual and psychological feast.
Not all of it works, but parts of it are spectacular.
The film really does the graphic novel justice.
The reverence is inert, the violence noxious, the mythology murky, the tone grandiose, the texture glutinous. It's an alternate version of The Incredibles minus the delight.
I think Snyder and his writers channel moments of the humanity and humor that's always present in Moore's work.
The combination of slick and smart works blazingly well.
Snyder handles all of this lucidly and reverently; the vignettes propel the story, but they won't bring the uninitiated any closer to this dispiriting material.
The result is cosmetically faithful but tonally scattershot, a frustrating 163 minutes in which every set piece is as likely to land on point as beside it.
Although Zack Snyder's Watchmen is as lovingly detailed a facsimile as there's ever been of a graphic novel, there's still something lacking.
There is so much aesthetic pleasure in this film that I was shocked to find how much I was sucked in to its bleak world view. It's almost three hours long, and I needed a good long walk afterwards to clear my head.
A powerfully good film, one that takes a bunch of familiar ingredients, and whips them up into a stew you've never tasted before.
A truly extraordinary achievement.
For all of the ferocious flashes of brilliance achieved by wunderkind director Zack Snyder, there are almost as many fatal flaws.
It wasn't that I wasn't engaged in some of the (many) story lines, it's just that there was never enough time spent with any particular one to so as to become emotionally involved ... which seem strange to say about a movie 165 minutes long.
Much more. Snyder and his writers have delivered a faithful translation, spinning the narrative out to 163 minutes -- which, I imagine, will please the novel's extremely vigilant fanbase.
[Snyder] seems only half aware that every adaptation must be some kind of betrayal - or remain a shadow of its source, like a pattern sketched in the dust of a dead planet.
I've since rushed out to get hold of the novel, the first comic I've read in about a zillion years. It's fabulous and so is the film. What a pleasant surprise.
Watchmen is a two-hour, 42 minute ride through a dystopian scape with appropriately twisting and conflicted story lines.
Snyder's films lavish attention on men who are principled brutes and on women who are sexy, strong and secondary. He's driven by big ideas, but he never seems to consider the problems of macho justice.
It's a buffet of well-crafted nihilism, made by a director who knows how to depict bloody destruction - but, like Dr. Manhattan, lacking the humanity to understand why it should not be taken lightly.
[Snyder] ironically embodies the very overindulgence that Rorschach repeatedly points out will be the death of our society.
Behind the camera is a director whose love of the original comics shines through in every scene, every detail; his determination to do them justice has finally brought this story to the screen in a rich, stirring form.
You don't need 12-sided dice and a fictitious Canadian girlfriend to "get it," but it certainly helps.
A thoroughgoing deconstruction of humanity as well as heroism, one that takes its world apart without putting it back together again. There are things to admire here, but Watchmen doesn't make me care.
Parental Content Review
Snyder's last-ditch attempt to raise the geeky bar by introducing "real" people dressed up as heroes is more adolescent than adult, as is the addition of e nough soft-core 1970s bump and grind to win an 18 certificate.
It is dizzy, crazy and quite sexy - when it's not being self-indulgent and pointless. If it doesn't quite hang together or add up, or stick faithfully to the comic-book original, these offences aren't major. What a spectacle.
You may frequently wonder why Snyder has bothered. But if you want a slavish, often exciting screen translation of Moore and Gibbons' landmark, here it is.
This is a landmark film for the genre that will impress, amaze and grip but it is not light entertainment.
This despicable trash will find an audience among sad sociopaths, deranged pseudo-intellectuals and brutalised, immature men of all ages. I just hope that there aren't enough of them to make it a hit. If there are, God help cinema.
Watchmen is a spectacular visual treat, with special effects to match the ambition of the story. It is way too long... but there is no denying it is a seriously cool and bloody superhero epic.
The unfilmable has become the unlovable.
Often genius is flawed, just like the deeply troubled Watchmen heroes, and there is no doubt that this film is the product of superior minds.
Dark arterial blood pools across pavements and leaks under doorways, as though to chasten us. Unfortunately, after two and half hours of this sanguinary spectacle it wasn't catharsis I felt; it was simple weariness.
Rather like Snyder's adaptation of George A Romero zombie classic Dawn Of The Dead, it's a job done well - if one that arguably didn't need doing in the first place.
At least it looks good, like a version of The Dark Knight coupled with Taxi Driver, and remains faithful to the skin if not the bone of Moore and Gibbons's astonishing vision.
All the emotional investment you have in them comes from your familiarity with the book, meaning newcomers may be a little lost. It really does look beautiful, though.
Impressively directed, brilliantly designed, superbly written and impeccably acted, this is a thoroughly enjoyable thriller that is essentially the best possible adaptation of Watchmen that anyone could have hoped for.
It's gripping and eye-popping, with terrific characters for the cast to sink their teeth into. But also feels rather overwrought.
Ultra-violent and brutal, it subverts the genre and is definitely not a superhero movie for kids.
Snyder has created a lavish cult movie that will have its admirers. But in a post-Dark Knight world, it's disappointing he hasn't found a way to translate his reverence for his source material's ground-breaking status into the way it's presented on screen
Snyder's take on Watchmen is both too much and too little all at the same time, and while a great deal of it is certainly extraordinary the majority is distant, cold and ultimately infuriating.
An overlong, overstuffed endurance test with precious few highs. Being an adaptation of this particular graphic novel, I can forgive many things, but I can't forgive a film version of Watchmen for being boring.
The movie was reportedly trimmed from four hours to two hours and forty minutes, and that turns out to simply not be enough time. All the material is here, but its scope and power are lost.
Stunning visuals with lots of thrilling, mindless action sequences don't compensate for an overstuffed, confusing plot and bland, forgettable superheroes that leave you feeling underwhelmed.
Snyder has captured the look and feel of the novel, but that is not enough for a successful movie. It fails to totally engage its audience, somehow keeping them at arm's length.
...influenced by other recent superhero films, the world of Watchmen may not be as fouled as its source, but the raw emotion promised in the trailers resonates just as loudly.
Watchmen has a few moments of brief wonder, but the rest is a soulless, unimaginative work, a flat adaptation with a Bob Dylan soundtrack.
There is much to like about Watchmen. But it's not without its flaws and if the end result is as faithful as adaptations come, they go as far back as the source material.
The fans have gotten the adaptation they deserve. Is it the one they want?
Not"Watchmen" but a not-so-incredible simulation that reduces a complex examination of the dynamics of dopey superhero epics into just another dopey superhero epic.
Watchmen is astonishing. It is indubitably the most lavish adaptation of a graphic novel ever made and quite possibly one of the finest book-to-screen endeavors ever produced.
Watchmen is no doubt a love letter to those who have been awaiting this film for two decades, but the drawbacks outweigh the advantages for the uninitiated.
Watchmen is an ultra-violent, sexually explicit mystery film (with a few costumed heroes thrown in) that is visually stunning, but uneven.
A movie fascinating to watch while asking us to contemplate moral relativity, the futility of life ... and other heady concepts you might fully expect to find in not just another comic book movie.
It may not include every nuance of the graphic novel, but it captures as much as any adaptation could -- which may not satisfy the fanboys, but it's probably more than enough for everyone else.
Watchmen bites off more than a single film can chew, and chokes on its gluttony.
It's doubtful that anyone will walk out of the movie without a strong opinion, either positive or negative.
Finally, Watchmen the movie makes a really good ad for and introduction to Watchmen the book.
The dense and complex mythology remains.
As transferred to the big screen by director Zack Snyder, Watchmen is often visually stunning but also confusing and scattered.
Watchmen may be another comic-book blockbuster but, at its best moments, it's also a refreshingly provocative head trip.
Numa época em que Hollywood vem tratando cada vez mais os espectadores como verdadeiros débeis mentais, devemos ser gratos por finalmente sermos tratados como adultos.
The moviemakers are too busy digitizing ice castles on Mars to bother with much in the way of meta-commentary. Or, for that matter, with personalities.
... A bizarrely bleak blockbuster, as director Zack Snyder ("300") turns the rich, revisionist, justly praised, 12-part 1986 comic book into nothing less than an attempt to decode 20th century America through its pop culture and vice-versa.
Watchmen has moments of greatness. It proves again that the action movie is where the best young Hollywood brains have gone to bring flesh to their fantasies.
[P]robably the best three-hour version of the story that could be made...
Watchmen fans wondering whether their graphic novel has been ruined will be thrilled to see its key scenes reproduced with storyboardlike fidelity, but those who've never read it will be unlikely to understand what the big deal was in the first place.
Overall, Snyder has given us a Watchmen that's visually faithful to the original to the point of panel-by-panel fetishism, and that may be enough for many members of the cult.
Watchmen is like having too much of your favorite thing. I love ice cream, but I can't eat an entire gallon in one sitting
a movie made by Dr. Manhattan; it should've been made by Rorschach.
I wish I could say, 'Go for the spectacle,' but frankly, you are better off watching The Dark Knight again in Blu-ray. Much better off.
In its way, the film is as relevant as an artistic and cultural statement as the source material -- and that's saying something.
This is good stuff, and perhaps we shouldn't fault it for not being great stuff.
For its salivating fans and audiences itching for something completely different from the Hollywood superhero model, there's much ferocity to sample here. Taste the fury Babyface.
Faithfully and successfully grapples with the book's multi-layered storyline and fascinatingly flawed characters.
Watchmen deserves credit for staying true to the characters, plot (up to a point), and look of the original material while still generating his own kind of energy, even though that energy sometimes feels misapplied and overcranked.
With its basic themes, structure and apocalyptic vibe intact, Watchmen turns out to be quite filmable after all, and its stylish highlights trump any quibbles.
It still brings the superhero-noir murder mystery very much to life, which is more than most fans -- or anyone -- could have hoped for.
This movie will shake your windows and rattle your walls. At least it will for a couple of hours, before 40-odd minutes of draggy, comic-book exposition smother the wild, subversive superhero business that came before.
It's a movie to see once, more or less enjoy, and then shrug off.
This adaptation of the acclaimed 1980s graphic novel never fully satisfies, despite powerful fight scenes and one superb performance.
Sad to say, the much-anticipated adaptation of the world's most celebrated graphic novel is long, dull and sinks under the weight of its reverence for the original.
Part conscious and part unconscious, Watchmen tells us of a world without hope and then makes us wonder if we're already living in it.
With Snyder, "visionary" means he's all about the visuals, and he does mine Watchmen for impressive, computer-enhanced eye candy. But Snyder is tone deaf to stultifying dialogue and wooden performances.
As much as it respectfully copies the comic book, the film can't quite measure up.
A sterling production right down the line.
comes about as close to Moore's intent as we're likely to see in adapting the sprawling Watchmen into manageable, feature-length form
Ultimately Watchmen is simply too stunning, too audacious, too strange a spectacle, to not recommend, although it's more readily admired than enjoyed.
The most pleasant surprise in the movie adaptation of Watchmen is the pop-art fusion set off by placing superheroes in a 'real' world.
Mammoth, mangled, violent, confusing, dazzling, dark, excessive and occasionally brilliant.
Zack Snyder's sprawling film stays faithful to Moore's tale, cleverly trimming and reshaping it to retain essentials.
Fans of the 1986 graphic novel Watchmen should be pleased with the eye-filling, slavishly faithful, long-time-coming film version that opens today and threatens to become the first true movie event of 2009.
Dissatisfying both as an adaptation and as a standalone work.
The film still offers an arrestingly dark vision.
It pains me to say that, while scrupulously faithful in nearly every regard (save the ending) to writer Alan Moore and artist Dave Gibbons' landmark DC Comics series, the film itself is bizarrely cold and uninvolving.
The result is oddly hollow and disjointed; the actors moving stiffly from one overdetermined tableau to another.
Snyder is so besotted with Moore's book that he feels he has to include almost every detail. He dawdles interminably. Slow pans, slow tilts, slo-mo: there's simply not enough kick or energy to justify the 160-minute running time.
for its core audience and for those who have been counting down the days and hours to its release, 'Watchmen' will probably be enthralling. For the rest of us: Watch Out.
It's only the best superhero movie ever made.
Watchman plays as if the filmmakers were afraid to make their own mark. It's a transliteration rather than a translation from one medium to another; a too-often lifeless homage.
Unfortunately, Zack Snyder's stylish but substance-challenged adaptation only skims the surface of this groundbreaking book.
Against considerable odds, Snyder has directed a movie that should satisfy fanboys while engaging adventurous newcomers.
Snyder has been unable to create a satisfying tone for the proceedings. While the graphic novel played everything as realistically as it could, the film feels artificially stylized and inappropriately cartoonish.
Giant squids notwithstanding, it is a slavishly faithful, if compressed, adaptation - so much so that I often wondered why the comic frames weren't simply projected onto the screen.
The flick is brutal, beautiful, thought provoking, phenomenal, genius, violent, sexual, brilliant and just overall completely mind blowing. Alan Moore would even like it!
Somewhere between the off-target outright dismissals and the overindulgent geek praise lies Zack Snyder's Watchmen, and it's a sensational sight to behold.
This is the perfect post-Abu-Ghraib, country-in-recession, Madoff-Lohan-Limbaugh adventure. Our country is still Bush-ed, and a Superman would be laughed off the world stage.
An engrossing, full embrace of the superhero form. Original, psychologically and intellectually rich and, more frequently than not, profoundly disturbing.
Intense, ultra-violent, eerie and awesome, it's aimed primarily at a young male audience familiar with the blood-stained smiley face.
Watchmen's rich and gorgeous palette and campy costumes cannot hold you for all of its epic 162 minutes. British Watchmen fanboys probably once read NME and worshipped Joy Division - oh well, Nietzsche to his own.
Watchmen rules.
Although it's quite grimy and gritty, there is still an over-glossed pop-culture feel to the Watchmen movie... it worked for me.
A reverential photocopy of a superior original, it's often close to perfect, if also, to some extent, perfectly pointless.
Watchmen's every carefully calibrated minute bellows 'Worship me!' while simultaneously sucking your air.
About as uneven as a movie can get, singular moments of dizzying brilliance arriving amidst an unfocused, lugubrious narrative and pacing that would make a turtle's crawl appear speedy. A visionary motion picture more ambitious than successful.
This film's gritty and nasty and you want to wash your hands when you're done watching it.
Another bold exercise in the liberation of the superhero movie.
It should have remained what it was from the start: a masterpiece of vicious Cold War paranoia, completely and gut-churningly rendered on the printed page.
As the story proceeds, however, it grows plodding, convoluted and forgettable.
A phantasmagorical tale
Wow.
What the film rightfully retains, and often nails, is the book's commitment to seriously digging deep into the psychic debris of these archetypes.
You have to go back to the comic to learn that the freaks in Watchmen are not only for geeks, maybe that's not so bad. Just sayin'.
So what is missing? A little of the original's madness and a lot of its aesthetic high-wire walking.
The film's storytelling and image-making lack originality and vitality. Nothing sticks to your memory unless you come in with recollections of the book.
Watchmen is a perfect example of how material, no matter how reverentially treated and massaged, often loses something critical in translation.
Astonishing and highly original. Like Blade Runner, The Matrix, and 2001, it will visually affect future movies. Stunning, mature, and elevates the genre.
...could have worked as a bracing reminder that superheroes don't exist and that their movies can't save us - if only it had taken the implicit themes of the novel further.
A hip, relatively precise interpretation of the popular '80s graphic novel is the film's greatest strength -- and it's greatest weakness.
The worst adaptation of an Alan Moore comic yet.
If it had to be done, this effort is probably as good as it was going to get.
Zack Snyder's bloated screen adaptation will go over best with fanboys, fangirls, fanmen and fanwomen who give high marks for slavish fidelity to the source material.
Tends to play like the SportsCenter version of the big game. It's got all the highlights but little of the tension and atmosphere that give those moments impact.
The approach is depressingly literal, and none of the scenes build on what has come before -- they're just meticulously reconstructed Scenes From Watchmen.
Watchmen feels constantly torn between reshaping the story for the big screen while including enough visual and verbal quotations from the original work to keep the fanboys happy.
From first frame to last, Watchmen holds you in its thrall.
Snyder has no interest in making sense of a world overcome by evil and the heroism that works to stop it. All he's mastered is the sensation of bullets tearing through flesh.
Neither political satire nor camp, it fails the unique, fantasy mix of classicism and modernism that distinguished both 300 and Vin Diesel's The Chronicles of Riddick.
That director Zack Snyder's vehemently faithful adaptation of Alan Moore's seminal graphic novel is as entertaining as it is counts as a monumental achievement. But that doesn't make it a great movie.
Some things just defy adaptation.
Other fantasy movies are playing checkers. This one plays chess, with grandmaster panache.
A (mostly) faithful re-creation of the comic. But it could have been so much more.
A $100 million cult movie that some fans may adore--if they can stomach the changes; but despite the visual virtuosity, it will bore many if not most of the uninitiated.
Zack Snyder's attempt at being faithful to Alan Moore and Dave Gibbons' vision is ultimately the film's biggest fault since it makes the flaws in the original source material far more obvious.
This is not a delectable mythos that needed a shiny new package for the world to enjoy, and especially not one that takes more pride in the art of the slow motion punch over an exhilarating sensation of doom.
"Watchmen" is a visually stunning film...
Its failure is one of imagination -- although faithfully approximating Dave Gibbons's original drawings, the filmmakers are unable to teleport themselves to the level of the original concept.
Alan Moore was right in detaching himself from the project, maintaining his integrity.
Every bit as risky, edgy, and aspiring as it ought to be.
Watchmen isn't boring, but as a fragmented sci-fi doomsday noir, it remains as detached from the viewer as it is from the zeitgeist.
Yes, I've read Watchmen... It moved me, too. And still -- or, rather, because of that -- I found director Snyder's adaptation hugely disappointing, faithful as it is to the 1986 graphic novel.
There's something admirable about the entire enterprise: its ungainly size, its unrelenting weirdness, its willful, challenging intensity.
A work that's easier to ponder than enjoy.
Snyder has appropriated Moore's doomsday themes without any sense of how to animate them. That's the trouble with loyalty. Too little, and you alienate your core fans. Too much, and you lose everyone -- and everything -- else.
I think this movie does a really terrific job of sort of establishing and adhering to the tone of the book.
The slowed down pace of the combat sequences is intoxicating to watch.
Incoherent, overblown, and grimy with misogyny, Watchmen marks the final demolition of the comic strip, and it leaves you wondering: where did the comedy go?
They've made the most reverent adaptation of a graphic novel ever. But this kind of reverence kills what it seeks to preserve. The movie is embalmed.
Delivers as a splashy, bloody comic-book adventure that stays true to its roots without being slavish about it. Both headlong and thought-provoking.
A sprawling epic of our times - and all times.
A wildly ambitious, often frustrating, but ultimately successful experiment that will divide audiences.
Fitfully touching on a variety of complex issues, but never entirely satisfyingly so, Watchmen is shockingly devoid of natural narrative pull -- a beautifully constructed rocket that never quite gets off the ground.
Not my cup of digital tea, but a remarkable film nonetheless, for sheer energy, effort and intensity, as the graphic novel becomes a graphic, violent, bloody, sexy, effects-laden film
A wham bam of a cinematic visual effects experience, and storytelling hiccups are partly forgiven in exchange for the mind-blowing visual experience.
It's not a bad film. It's actually coldly, technically brilliant. And it honours Moore and Gibbons only too well. But it's monumental and slab-like, an exercise in cinematic taxidermy, in need of a lightning strike to animate its parts.
With reservations, the greatest graphic novel ever written gets a film that does it justice. Would have made an incredible mini-series for TV. Maybe next time?
Think a darker and more philosophical version of Dark Knight . . . This movie adaptation will appease even the most rabid Watchmen comics geek out there as well as win new converts!
Incredibly -- but not stupidly -- violent. Snyder isn't using death for cheap thrills; we're meant to feel revulsion and despair.
Redefines the word epic. I don't know what the new definition is, but it's definitely different... It's 300 times 10!
Decidedly not for kids, Watchmen is a violent art film that's textually dense, visually rich, and a contribution to neo-noir genre in conveying the culture of fear, paranoia, and revenge.
This movie is a shallow interpretation of Watchmen, shorn of sophistication or literary density. Worst of all, watching the film makes you wonder whether the source material was actually any good to begin with.
The real disappointment is that the film does not transport an audience to another world, as 300 did. Nor does the third-rate Chandler-esque narration by Rorschach help.
The movie is ultimately undone by its own reverence; there's simply no room for these characters and stories to breathe of their own accord, and even the most fastidiously replicated scenes can feel glib and truncated.
How can one complain about the small failures of Watchmen when its successes dwarf them so profoundly and completely?
Zack Snyder's Watchmen is a profound work of art, a beautiful, deliriously weird, meditative spin on a genre that is as American as jazz.
Director Zack Snyder's Watchmen is an easy film to admire, but a less easy one to enjoy.
I didn't hate it. In fact, I'm pretty sure I liked it. I was just disappointed. I'm absolutely seeing it again, but disappointed nonetheless.
A must-see movie. Visually orgasmic.
A huge budgeted superhero movie that delivers intellectually? That takes serious, ballsy chances with the form? Why, that sounds like a piece of art. A glorious, epic, exciting, mind blowing piece of art.
It's searing, spectacular and simply unmissable.
A mesmerising and brutalising experience, and will be, for some at least, more than worth the wait.
Okay, it isn't the graphic novel, but Zack Snyder clearly gives a toss, creating a smart, stylish, decent adaptation, if low on accessibility for the non-convert.
Just another disappointment to add to the 'too good to be true' pile.
It's the Watchmen movie you always wanted to see but never expected to get.

@highlight

Gritty and visually striking, Watchmen is a faithful adaptation of Alan Moore's graphic novel, but its complex narrative structure may make it difficult for it to appeal to viewers not already familiar with the source material.