This movie is in the DNA of rom-coms and buddy-cop comedies and fish-out-of-water tales and Indiana Jones (he bickers and fights Germans too! Plus, dirt beard!).
The African Queen is top flight entertainment, delightful, different, always interesting.
Humphrey Bogart finally won his Best Actor Oscar. It's an amusing performance, though it doesn't compare to his work in High Sierra, Casablanca, The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, In a Lonely Place, The Caine Mutiny and a handful of other indelible turns.
A ripping, gripping yarn, a surprisingly erotic love story and, as it happens, a premonition of Herzog's Fitzcarraldo.
[A] grand, propulsive and plumly-restored slice of Technicolor derring-do.
What an inspired pairing! And to think the roles of Charlie Allnutt and Rose Sayer were nearly played by David Niven and Bette Davis.
It's probably cameraman Jack Cardiff who deserves kudos for turning this odd-couple romance into such a colourful escapade through east Africa.
Huston understands the majestic savagery of his surroundings well enough to let it exert some dramatic pressure on what is primarily a buoyant romantic comedy.
Five minutes in, and cowriter-director John Huston has already set the stage for something besides your typical '50s jungle-bwana boogie.
The performances by Humphrey Bogart (who earned his lone Oscar for his troubles) and Katharine Hepburn, along with John Huston's astute direction has produced a high spirited and highly entertaining adventure movie.
As a paradigm of why certain actors and filmmakers remain revered several decades after their death or greatest success, The African Queen is more than merely exemplary.
These are not "pretty" characters, but they are beautiful and their affair is a natural force outside of society and the church.
A more unorthodox adventure story and a more unconventional romantic comedy you couldn't imagine.
...one of those films that have been so assimilated into the collective unconscious that they feel ubiquitous,to the point that even those who have never seen it probably feel as though they have.
John Huston's film wavers disconcertingly and a little aimlessly between life and fairy tale.
Bogart and Hepburn are truly amazing together.
Huston's romantic adventure, one of the most admired movies in American history, contains iconic performances by Bogart, in his only Oscar-winning role, and Katharine Hepburn.
It is a picture with an unassuming warmth and naturalness...
The direction is often questionable, but the screenplay (by James Agee, John Collier, Huston, and Peter Viertel from C.S. Forester's novel) is a model of tight construction.
Impossible to deny this film's entertainment value...
One of the very best, both for Bogart and Hepburn.
Grand adventure, but something more complicated, too.
A much ballyhooed film that has been overrated as a classic.
Bogie and Hepburn, a dynamic duo! A love story, adventure story and comedy, all rolled into one rollicking and perilous river ride. You never get tired watching it.
And so Mr. Huston merits credit for putting this fantastic tale on a level of sly, polite kidding and generally keeping it there, while going about the happy business of engineering excitement and visual thrills.
One of the best pictures of all time. Humphrey Bogart and Katharine Hepburn have remarkable chemistry, and the picture is a career highlight for each.
Entertaining star vehicle, but not the great film it's assumed to be.
Annually gets some votes for best film ever made.
Almost painfully entertaining. The textbook definition of "American Movie Classic."
This is a film where pretty much everyone is serving aces.
Despite being 50 years old, there is still something refreshing about watching The African Queen.
There are not two better actors to tackle these roles, and director Huston keeps their story moving without lulls.
John Huston's The Africian Queen is a film that has everything -- adventure, humor, spectacular photography and superb performances.
The African Queen (1951) is the uncomplicated tale of two companions with mismatched personalities who develop an implausible love affair
Both of the actors who portray protagonists -- Bogart and Hepburn -- were past their prime when they made this film, but they gave superb performance nevertheless, often using humour to make their on-screen chemistry more believable.







@highlight

Perfectly cast, smartly written, and beautifully filmed, The African Queen remains thrilling, funny, and effortlessly absorbing even after more than half a century's worth of adventure movies borrowing liberally from its creative DNA.