[Rama] Burshtein oppressively captures the claustrophobia of a close-knit community where every daily act - from opening a door to eating - is a religious ritual.
Burhstein's slow-paced, carefully edited work illuminates concepts of filial piety, female agency, and patriarchy.
It's not a great movie, but it's a humane and touching one.
Emotional issues an an insular world
A man and a woman, alone, on a path at night, forbidden to touch, speak, confront, describe passion: the man moves closer. That's all. The smallest of moves, infinitesimal motion. The world tilts on its axis.
...an entertaining yet uneven debut from a promising new filmmaker...
As opposed to the bleak view of sexual subjugation in Kadosh, Amos Gitai's 1999 film about Hasidic marriage, Fill the Void sees Burshtein fortrightly and wittily asserting that this is how her community lives.
A rare and illuminating glimpse of contemporary Hasidic life against the backdrop of ritual, Purim, marriage, and death.
Few films in recent memory better capture the heartbreak of loss, the agony of indecision or the burden of familial duty.
An intelligent and moving examination of the possibilities of personal freedom within the strict confines of religion and tradition.
There is perhaps something ultimately undeveloped about it, but the film is a well acted, well presented piece of work.
Fill the Void is as well-versed in the rules of matchmaking as a Jane Austen novel, and it bends them as artfully as wicker.
Its last five minutes are so extraordinarily enigmatic, you're certain the subject of innocence, guilt and attraction has been addressed on a deep level.
A fascinating and emotionally gripping drama with a sharply written, understated script and a pair of terrific performances from Hadas Yaron and Yiftach Klein.
A nuanced kitchen-sink depiction of an Israeli Hassidic community which zeroes in on the dilemma of an 18-year-old girl named Shira.
With honesty and sensitivity, this Israeli drama takes us into an unfamiliar subcuture, letting us experience aspects of life in an Orthodox Jewish community that we've probably never even imagined before.
A warm, watchful slant on marital mores in an ultraorthodox Jewish community.
In the end, it's hard to determine whether Burshtein is celebrating or critiquing the insularity and strict traditions of the community that she herself joined in her 20s - but presumably that's part of the point.
Although it lacks a little of the emotional heft of Haifaa al-Mansour's work, it's a well acted and delicately told tale.
This is an extraordinary first film, nerve-tingling in its intensity, and assembled with a finesse and control even the great Austrian director Michael Haneke might envy.
..heir funny hats and weird hairdos don't camouflage the recognisable human characteristics we readily understand. For me, that is the film's most enduring and most important message
Eventually reveals itself to be a sort of Jane Austen romance -- a tale of matchmaking and marriage motivated by the ritual and decorum of Haredi Judaism in modern Tel Aviv rather than by the social strictures of 19th-century England.
Burshstein has managed a small miracle with his gentle film ... . A movie about matters of faith that manages to be neither condescending nor smug ... a surprisingly accessible and satisfying experience.
Beautiful and mysterious, the[se] first glimpses are an ideal primer for the Israeli film, which never rushes to spell out the meanings of its subtle and quiet moments.
Using the advantage of personal familiarity with an insular religious community of Haredi Jews in Tel Aviv, Rama Burshtein has created a small jewel of a narrative.
It's the movie's attention to detail that sells it, especially because the humanity of all the characters shines through.
Buhrstein, whose assuredness belies the fact that this is her first film, captures this dilemma mainly through Shira's eyes.
A frustratingly bland look at the customs of a complex subculture.
It's an artful, character-driven drama that constitutes a minor miracle of empathy.
The narrative takes place within a reserved, insulated culture where silence is golden, conversations sound like prayers and a single tear can speak volumes.
A fascinating, and somewhat frustrating peek into the lives of Israel's ultra-Orthodox Jews, their mating rituals and whatnot.
Like suffocating beneath a thick layer of protective plastic, Fill the Void feels like slow death.
"Fill the Void" is a fairly somber affair, its dourness only interrupted occasionally by moments of beauty or grace.
Burshtein creates a one-of-a-kind portrait that nonetheless transcends its setting, and even its worldview; the dynamics are global.
Burshtein has achieved a gripping film without victims or villains, an ambiguous tragedy drawing on universal themes of love and loss, self-sacrifice and self-preservation.
The film is undeniably a celebration of community, but on Shira, one gets the disturbing whiff of Stockholm Syndrome.
Director Rama Burshtein's debut is nothing less than astonishing. She's a card-carrying member of Israel's Hared community and, with that experience, has crafted a work of moral complexity and visual artistry
[Burshtein] vividly depicts a clannish culture that is likely to feel foreign and perhaps off-putting to generations that came of age in a progressive post-feminist era.
[Burshtein's] subject is a woman's right to choose her spouse, and what a weighty, giddy, confusing, clarifying and, ultimately, sacred choice that is.
There's a clotted and cramped feeling to "Fill the Void" that's downright creepy.
A sympathetic, layered portrayal, rich with detail, that earns its more complex and resonant conclusion.
A moody, exquisitely told tale of love and duty.
None of the religious rituals feels particularly spiritual, and even the nominally happy ending fails to alleviate the oppressive tone.
An elegant miniature, Rama Burshtein's "Fill the Void" labors under a narrative inevitability, but it's artful work nonetheless.
I suspect Burshtein achieved what she set out to do with "Fill the Void," but I found it repetitive and frustrating.
Articulates this society's constant urgency and claustrophobic decisions.
Will they or won't they? Burshtein draws out emotional communication by secular actors, setting them amidst extras from the Orthodox community for convincing mise en scène.
an exquisite, poetic film that is full of both the joy of life, even in grief, and in the fact that life inevitably goes on
"Fill the Void," a compelling and skillfully made domestic drama, is a rarity, a film that's both set within, and emerges from, a devoutly religious world.
To fill the void, means to simultaneously gain and lose. For Shira, she is keeping her family together at the cost of her own ambitions. It's a kind of self-sacrifice not seen in American films. Burshtein captures these delicate moments brilliantly.
I left Fill the Void feeling privileged, however briefly, to have been brought into this world.
Take it on its own terms, as a compelling emotional drama about an impossible situation.
a subtle, elegant movie that brings us into the structured world of Tel Aviv's ultra-Orthodox Hasidic community to show how one young woman navigates the demands of her religion and her family's expectations without losing herself in the process.
Tonally, the film awkwardly straddles fluffy comedy and grief-stricken melodrama, hopping from one mode to other scene to scene.
A lesser filmmaker would have condescended to this world, but Rama Burshtein, an Orthodox woman herself, treats it with abiding respect. Her movie is a masterpiece.
Burshtein's cinematic experience has more than honed her quietly effective and inherently dramatic filmmaking style, it's deepened her gift for emotional honesty, for knowing the truth of a situation and how to convey it to an audience.
Both accessible and thrilling.
A love poem to the ultra-Orthodox world as seen from within.
Not exactly a Hasidic musical but close to it, the film delves into the complicated culture of Orthodox Jewish arranged marriages. And so to speak, a case of perhaps multiple choice matrimonial options managed in many ways by mom.
Practically an ethnographic film
Trouble is, while the social milieu is nicely realized, other parts of the drama are not. Too often Burshtein cuts off a scene prematurely, darting away just as the crucial moment of emotion or confrontation appears.
[Burshtein has] reinvigorated a familiar narrative by painting it against an unfamiliar backdrop.
A terrifically layered film that really leaves you thinking and wanting to talk about what you've just watched afterwards
Israel's official submission for Oscar's 2012 Best Foreign Language Film is a stunning melodrama centered on an ultra-Orthodox Jewish community and prospects for a tragedy-fueled arranged marriage between a teen and older man.
The film isn't exactly rousing in its conclusion, but it's always respectful: a serious ethical inquiry into matters of women's choice, both imposed and seized upon. Check it out.
From the dense, textured carpet of her characters' emotions, Burshtein draws gorgeous threads and holds them to the light.
This romantic melodrama, written and directed by Rama Burshtein, has an irresistible allure despite its bathetic drift.
A dreary, tiresome dirge about passion and dis-passion, if memorably performed by impressive lead Hadas Yaron.
The film unfolds in unhurried dramatic terms that come to take on an almost fatalistic force.
For its clarity and lack of pretension alone, Void stands apart ... beautifully acted

@highlight

Graceful, complex, and beautifully layered, Fill the Void offers a sympathetic portrait of an insulated culture by exploring universal themes.