Emperor isn't a slow film, but it takes its time, focusing more on the nuance of the investigation and the deconstruction of its social message instead of pushing for high drama.
The history is sketchy, the central questions unresolved, the romance is tepid and [Matthew] Fox is a weak, uninteresting lead.
Imagine if POTUS was considered by U.S. citizenry to be a living god. Japanese emperors were. Does one then hang a living god as a war criminal? A riveting period portrayal.
The little-known historical events provide a pointed exploration of a momentous collision of two cultures.
Emperor will do well enough. But if you want a more nuanced take on the same events, check out Alexander Sokurov's extraordinary The Sun
Fun when Jones is around, dull when he's not, it's all just a little bit of history repeating.
Hokey monologues about the finger of historical blame are interspersed with perfume-ad flashbacks to idyllic days of love; you half expect Andrew Lloyd Webber to descend from on high to provide a few touching show tunes.
The climax, when MacArthur finally meets Hirohito, is fascinating - and validated by the end-credit, picture-led round-up of what happened to the leading characters.
Undemanding, handsome and played with conviction, but sorely missing any sense of urgency.
Solidly crafted. Totally pointless.
Emperor is dutiful, patient and almost entirely without flair.
An attempt to spice up a true story with fictional characters and events leaves this film feeling artificial.
It's all done with care and authentic Japanese locations ... But there's scant drama.
Webber brings the politics and intrigue to the fore in a gripping final act, but the overall impression is that a fascinating story from history has been lost in the telling.
Good intentions, vivid setting and TLJ on top form do not make up for a lack of anything truly compelling.
All the right elements were here for this telling, but sadly the filmmakers lost sight of what was important in the narrative, inevitably making the film suffer for it in the end.
Emperor seems to have been tailor-made for high school history classes whose teachers like to give themselves a break by popping in a DVD.
...probably the most disappointing 2013 film I've seen so far.
... contains some potentially intriguing subject matter compromised by a formulaic approach that renders the periphery characters more compelling than the central ones.
Director Peter Webber, who found a more elegant balance between history and passion in Girl With a Pearl Earring, has turned Emperor into a stagy and hollow kind of story.
Emperor missed the opportunity to become an engrossing procedural of historic minutiae, like Lincoln.
A stodgy movie that mixes dubious history with a clichéd, Madame Butterfly romance story, set in the period immediately following Japan's surrender in 1945.
Emperor falls prey to the temptations endemic to historical docudrama: the desire to pack a miniseries' worth of events into one feature-length film, with romance tossed in for added appeal.
Half crinoline romance, half crusty military-history lesson.
This is a movie that tries to be that great war film, as well as a star-crossed romance and a political thriller, without really succeeding on any front.
If you can't take this movie for history, what may it be taken as? As romance it's not believable. Much of the history is censored, including the rumored "Operation Blacklist" involving the pressure from above to clear the names of the royal family.
Offers a labored treatise on the Japanese national character, with endless speeches about honor, devotion, loyalty, and the people's reverence for their emperor as a human deity.
Other than the restrained romantic flashbacks, there's nothing in this movie that hasn't been done better before.
The real criminals are the screenwriters ...
A decent history lesson--even if one told with a major dose of dramatic license--that's dragged down by a sappy, clumsily played romantic subplot.
Powerful and brilliantly acted. Tommy Lee Jones is remarkable as General Douglas MacArthur in a side of World War II that has remained hidden.
However turgid the storytelling, "Emperor" makes its historic points about a widely unknown 1945 wartime episode that played out in U.S occupied Japan after its surrender.
It comes off as a fairly boring and on-the-nose experience that only history buffs might find intriguing and/or entertaining. (Complete Content Details for Parents also available)
A modestly budgeted, respectfully executed post-WWII drama, the film is also entirely edgeless, and aside from a couple of swear words is ready to be shown in classrooms and on the History Channel in endless repeats.
The mealy half-truth director Peter Webber...screenwriters Vera Blasi and David Klass settle for just winds up a waste of everyone's time.
Emperor, however, is so sophisticated in its ambitions, mature in its narrative, and expert in its execution that the film's failures are more honorable than fatal.
It has an understated but still-relevant message that America may reveal its best self not in its moment of military victory, but in the moments that happen afterward.
Romance is an unnecessary addition, but there's a lot more disappointment to come with this lackluster effort.
Webber takes a simple, classical approach that makes Emperor feel as if it could have been a movie from the period in which it takes place.
A major thread and a weak one, the proclaimed 'love story' is not fleshed out.
Though "Emperor" is a mystery of which we already know the ending, director Peter Webber ("Girl with a Pearl Earring") keeps the story moving and interesting.
Just a dull procedural, with the bland Matthew Fox driving around in a jeep and asking questions and not having them answered.
The epigrams fly, but the movie never really takes off.
Director Webber and the screenwriters, David Klass and Vera Blasi ... largely [waste] Jones and some very nice period details.
The subject is intrinsically compelling, yet the central story is padded with an uninvolving love story that functions mostly as obvious symbolism about compassion for the enemy.
Wrapping a history lesson in a romantic melodrama can make for a lively movie, but only if the love story is juicier than the educational narrative.
A solid but unspectacular historical drama that sheds light on a little-known chapter of world history.
Never dawdles but rarely digs deep...set against the backdrop of impending war, when everything seems more vital and in-the-moment. Except for this sometimes plodding film.
As intriguing as the words "Tommy Lee Jones as Gen. MacArthur" sound, the acting is rote and the story slack in a film that makes a vital historical moment feel irrelevant.
[A]s a concise reduction of history, the movie does get at some truth. As an involving piece of storytelling, though, it's lacking.
The facts might be right, or at least mostly right, but the film is polished to the point of distraction.
Fox gets most of the screen time but has the misfortune to be acting opposite Tommy Lee Jones as the preening and crafty MacArthur. Jones's line readings are like Sinatra's phrasing: always surprising yet always apt.
Regrettably, "Emperor" does not match MacArthur's vigor, or mine his legacy. Instead, the movie is Fellers' tale and dryly told.
In the end, probably the best way to watch "Emperor" is to pretend that the Supreme Command of Allied Forces in Japan after World War II was Tommy Lee Jones.
Call this one Hirohito's Hyde Park on Hudson, as another complex and intriguing piece of history is overshadowed by an inconsequential love story
Despite the promising setup, the filmmakers' execution muddles what's inherently dramatic material.
Mr. Jones's performance is the only spark within this otherwise dull, well-mannered exercise.
The effort to put a personal face on the major issue of occupation is as timely as Iraq and Afghanistan, but the execution is clumsy and cliché-ridden.
Donning aviator sunglasses and jamming a corncob pipe in his mouth completes Jones' impression of Gen. Douglas MacArthur, in a movie needing more scenes with him doing it.
A powerful and thought-provoking drama about war. peace, and the challenges of cross-cultural understanding.
"Emperor" starts slowly and peters out from there.
This potentially interesting dilemma becomes thoroughly dull in the hands of director Peter Webber, who stages endless conversations about political fine points without giving us much to look at.
There is nothing wrong with "Emperor" that a little more Tommy Lee Jones can't cure.
There's the potential here for a fascinating Japanese counterpart to "Judgment at Nuremberg," but director Peter Webber is satisfied with ladling garden-variety melodrama over a cursory treatment of the historical drama.
[Fox is] so deadly serious, you long for a little fun. And that's what Jones supplies.
A methodical but dull fact-based drama set just after World War II.
When it stops preaching, the film is on surer footing, even if for a drama in which peace hangs in the balance, the stakes never seem very high.
This fascinating historical tale is badly crowded by a bland love story, told mainly in flashbacks.
Webber's attention to detail in re-creating Tokyo circa 1945 has resulted in an exceptional feeling of the ambience of time and place.
Fact trumps fiction in Emperor, a flawed but fascinating look at Japan immediately after World War II.
It's a rich and significant subject for scholars, but not exactly filmic.
Satisfied to serve popcorn in place of red meat, this potboiler about love and war is merely fair.
British director Peter Webber spins out the political intrigue quite effectively.
If "Emperor" were eight minutes long, it would be brilliant.
Shot in New Zealand, the picture's images of a devastated postwar Tokyo are often impressive, blending old-fashioned production design and effects work with digital flourishes. But Fox's role, central though it may be, never comes to life.
The cliches are relatively few and spaced apart, and the tearjerking and profound moments are authentic and well-earned.
Handsomely shot but narratively stagnant, with platitude-filled dialogue and mostly listless performances.
Missed opportunity to dramatize effectively a little known, potentially intriguing chapter in American-Japanese history.
Call it old-fashioned filmmaking, but you learn a lot and come away feeling an impact all too rare in movies today.
A rather thin dramatic experience.
The first release of 2013 I'd put on the must-see list.
Director Peter Webber, who once mined social unease from the painterly Girl with a Pearl Earring, is out of his depth; this is a movie in desperate need of a no-nonsense Howard Hawks.
Given its true-life basis, the story is already devoid of suspense regarding Hirohito's ultimate fate, and Fellers's inquiry is made more sluggish by dramatically inert conversations ...
Peter Webber's historical drama is blunt about its stylistic ambitions while at the same time failing to meet them, and the effect is one of sad ineffectuality.
Entertaining, revealing about a little-known piece of history, but somewhat historically suspect.
Emperor doesn't rule with an iron fist, but Tommy Lee Jones is just too entertaining to ignore - even if he barely changed his persona to play General MacArthur.
Memorable because of the historical events upon which it's based, "Emperor" succeeds in adding human faces to a time when the vague atrocities of war ruled.
It certainly has no lack of interesting subject matter, but "Emperor" fails to generate the investment required for such an undertaking.
Effectively combines romance with historical fiction about the question of what to do with Emperor Hirohito after the Japanese surrender in 1945.

@highlight

Despite a typically strong performance from Tommy Lee Jones, Emperor does little with its fascinating historical palate, and is instead bogged down in a cliched romantic subplot.