With a tensed brow, Kolya Spiridonov plays a boy perpetually hovering between anxiety and dogged determination, and the film walks the same line, unsure about where it's going but always moving forward regardless.
Vividly characterised and convincingly acted (not least by Spiridonov), it makes for a fascinating portrait of a post-Communist society beset by crime and despair.
A stunningly powerful indictment of the weakest in thrall to a corrupt system.
An unsentimental and vividly characterized film which successfully combines melodrama and social analysis and features an impressive central performance from Spiridonov.
Even when Kravchuck lets the story drift, the boy is a solid anchor.
Andrei Kravchuk's film is sensitive to the hilt and pleasingly attuned to the guileless outlook of its hero.
Despite channeling Dickensian melodrama, first-time director Andrei Kravchuk skilfully avoids wallowing in sentimentality.
This 2005 story about a Russian boy whose mother has given him up may be derivative, but it's still engrossing, largely because of its appealing juvenile lead, Kolya Spiridonov.
It's a touching film about a little boy with the determination of a champ.
It is hard-hitting, but with none of the fake, over-the-top violence of Hollywood fare, and packs an emotional punch without dredging it with sugar.
What really makes this potentially melodramatic story so powerful is the incredibly intense and focused presence of little Kolya Spiridonov, who makes you believe Vanya's determination and grit every step of the way.
Like Vittorio De Sica, one of the great Italian neo-realists, Kravchuk populates his film with people, not paradigms; his characters are capable of good and evil, sometimes in equal measure.
It is about love, family, and the power of kindness to overcome the cruelty in the world.
There are shocking and heartbreaking moments scattered throughout The Italian, but [director] Kravchuk approaches them with a nonjudgmental, observational style that avoids most of the pitfalls of melodrama.
A throwback to neo-realist filmmaking . . . snowballs in emotion until later scenes are stomach-knotting in their tension. The film largely avoids sentiment with its muted score and shadowed close-ups.
This film is about many things, but the magic key that unlocks the treasure chest is literacy.
At times, the difficulties that Vanya encounters strain credulity. The Italian doesn't bother to infuse its characters with complex motivations. They're either Bad or Good.
An odd, beguiling little movie -- about two parts Dickens (with some Dickensian Chaplin thrown in) to one part Italian neorealist cinema.
With a riveting performance by young Kolya Spiridonov as the six year old Vanya, The Italian is a bitter sweet drama that captures the heartbreaking squalor of Russian orphans while highlighting the power of the spirit.
Cinematographer Aleksandr Burov captures a land of frost-coated fields, cracked plaster walls and weed-choked railways with a photojournalist's eye for the telling detail.
From Russia with harsh love, The Italian chronicles one orphaned boy's incredible determination to reunite with his birth mother.
This film from Russia about a child's dream of love and family is poignant and genuine enough to earn classic status.
...the very Russianness of The Italian argues for its worthiness; like Andrei Zvyagintsev's The Return (2004) it provides a glimpse into another, more desperate style of living.
Director Andrei Kravchuk makes a case for the speedy adoption practices of Madonna and Angelina Jolie with his despondent drama.
There's much that is commendable in the The Italian, not the least of which are its social criticisms of the buying and selling of children through the adoption businesses currently thriving in Russia and neighboring eastern European countries.
This is a difficult, disturbing story, with harsh, desperate conditions delicately balanced by one boy's undeniable sense of hope.
What buoys the film and really makes it work are strong performances by its cast, many of them young newcomers.
[The filmmakers] find a plucky heart-tugger in Spiridonov, a child any mother would love to claim as her own.
Sometimes a difficult film can be redeemed with one astonishing end moment. That's the case with The Italian, where the last few moments possess a humanity that elevates all that comes before it.
The ending isn't exactly happily-ever-after, but it leaves you with a deep-down respect and affection for this determined little tyke who perseveres against all odds.
Wise, resilient children aren't especially new to the movies, but when they're presented this sensitively, they're always worth revisiting.
Kravchuk's depiction of Russian working-class life rings true, most of the time.
The overall mood is crushingly sad. The society's grime and poverty are depicted with pitiless realism.
Director Andrei Kravchuk infuses his story with a Dickensian mix of benevolence and indifference. The pacing is assured, and his cameras peek through the Russian mist as if watching a fairy tale, uncertain of a happy or cruel ending.
Vanya's gritty travels propel the movie forward. The Italian runs on the unshakable faith of a very determined boy.
The Italian appears to be that foreign-film staple, one of those movies where a plucky rascal brightens the life of a crabby Pole/Spaniard/Korean. But it's actually much grittier than it looks.
This could be just another 'poor little kid' story but for the wonderful performance of young Spiridonov, whose spunk and winning smile can't hide the aching need to find his mother.
The juvenile performances are impressive, as they usually are in foreign films, and [Kolya] Spiridonov handles some grueling material with impressive maturity.
Milking sympathy for parentless children is no stretch in The Italian. More impressive is its affecting look at their reeling mother country.
Russian director Kravchuck offers a painful but ultimately hopeful look at what is clearly his beloved country.
A powerful indictment of Russia's illegal adoption industry -- and a story of pipsqueak resolve and resilience.
The story of Vanya (Solntsev Kolya Spiridonov) is less than convincing.
I could have watched Spiridonov as Vanya for hours. He is superbly cast and his wistful eyes rope you in immediately.
The movie has some fine qualities, and we do care what happens to our little blond hero. But it is a bit too preachy, and it takes too long to get into the meat of the film.
The movie's sheen of desperation is ultimately like a shabby coat that, once a hint of sunshine shows up, is too easily discarded.
Kravchuk, a veteran of Russian TV, means to show his countrymen how they have failed kids like Vanya. But also to convince them that Vanya and his friends can still be saved, without becoming Italians.
While I wanted more early on (and while I'm not at all sure I liked the voiceover coda), Vanya's journey is so stirring and heartwarming it is very easy to overlook the minor missteps holding the picture back a bit from true magnificence.
The Italian is tough to watch at times, but then so is life. Chances are you'll leave the theatre moved by the strength of the human spirit and with newfound respect for the bond between a child and his mother.
First-time feature director Andrei Kravchuk infuses the entire atmosphere with a formal neorealist haze that is squalid and striking.
This is a heartbreaker. The little boy, Kolya Spiridonov, loves the camera, and the camera loves him. Interesting way to illustrate contemporary social problems in Russia.
The charm of The Italian lies in Kravchuk blending a sentimental fable and a boy's action-adventure saga. He surpasses cliches and still delivers a novel finale that's heartwarming.
...a compelling and genuinely moving piece of work.
It's a hard-knock life, but the film is less a Dickensian nightmare than an unsettling (if rather benign) metaphor for the new Russia.
Director Andrei Kravchuk and cinematographer Alexander Burov make the harsh landscapes and decrepit interiors interesting and varied, without falsely dramatic set ups or lighting.
Don't let the subtitles put you off...You'll be glad you made the effort.
... a deeply moving experience, alternately funny and sad.
The Italian offers a soul-blasted portrait of modern Russia ...
Director Andrei Kravchuk gives The Italian a Dickensian spirit, full of dire twists, nasty villains and other colorfully seedy characters.
... a strong candidate for my 2007 10-best foreign-film list ...
[Kolya] Spiridonov carries himself with such sweet, soulful determination that it's impossible not to root for him.
Can actually make one sympathize with those who oppose Madonna's adoption of a poor African lad.
Combining the influences of Italian neorealism with Dickensian melodrama, Andrei Kravchuk's simultaneously tough-minded and sentimental The Italian is as bracing as it is moving
A dark fairy tale from Russia, The Italian pulls you into a richly atmospheric, persuasively inhabited world teeming with foundlings and pathos.
When in doubt, there's always Joseph Campbell.
... a nice little movie, it is also as wispy and insubstantial as cotton candy, but not quite as sweet.
The depiction of everyday life at the orphanage is far more compelling than Vanya's personal quest. It's unfortunate that once the Italian hits the road, The Italian loses its way.
The Italian is a debut feature by Andrei Kravchuk, and it shows some sophisticated style.
At heart, The Italian is a Dickensian tale that paints a vivid portrait of post-Glasnost Russia en route to a four-handkerchief ending.
Even if circumstances edge toward the unlikely, [director] Kravchuk and [child actor] Spiridonov make an effective team, exploring the realities that lead to so much heartbreak for so many children.
There is uplift amid all the grimness. It doesn't always ring entirely true, but so much of it is so hard-won, it almost never feels saccharine.
Lured, perhaps, by the promise of international markets, [director] Kravchuk instead opts for routine uplift, and once the heroic journey is set in motion, the rest is ballast.
Director Andrei Kravchuk wisely avoids sentimental trappings and goes for a very realistic approach.
Graced with honest performances by the entire cast, The Italian is nevertheless a frustrating disappointment that promises much more than it ultimately delivers.
The Italian is an aesthetic gem, but a moral muddle.
Equal parts Oliver Twist and Pinocchio, Russian director Andrei Kravchuk's fictional hearttugger exposes a troubling real-life practice in contemporary Russia: the buying and selling of abandoned children to rich foreign couples.
A waif's doleful eyes make easy tools of manipulation, and, though The Italian is guilty of abusing them for viewer approval, the final shot movingly restores their importance.
The Italian is not so much about present-day Russia as it is an upbeat fable of what [director Andrei] Kravchuk envisions as its future. It's a wish-fulfillment fantasy posing as hard-edged realism.
For all its sly appraisals, grouty surfaces and hard-luck situations, The Italian is underneath it all a fairy-tale.
A gritty Russian movie about a plucky and adventuresome orphan who sets out to find his birth mother.
The Italian holds us with a timeless simplicity and narrative purity.
The simple and sappy story has heartfelt motives.
An engaging and honest journey through provincial Russia skillfully lensed from the perspective of a six year old. A powerful testimony to the human spirit and a strong statement in favor of the modern family.
The hardships and setbacks are just grim enough to be effective without plunging the viewer into Russian despair.
I think The Italian is supposed to be A.I. without robots.
An accomplished debut.
The picture captures with a piercing sympathy the ambiguous state of post-Glasnost Russia.
Vanya is an immensely likable character; his courage, strength, and determination to succeed keep you on the edge of your seat and rooting for him.
Memorable for its constant, unexpected air of affection, and for the determined little boy at its center.
What began as a vivid tour of enclosed institutional rot segues, smartly and seamlessly, into a compelling open-road odyssey.
Full of cold truths and warm sentiment, this is a Dickensian tale set to the contemporary rhythms of post-Communist Russia.
A gorgeous, heartbreaking modern fairy tale that felt so real my cynical heart melted, then immediately froze in fear that it was all too real.
We soon grow tired of marveling at Vanya's preternatural resourcefulness and plead for the thing to end -- which it soon does in the sappiest possible way, soft-focus close-up and all.



@highlight

Poignant and unforgettable, The Italian stands out from other European melodramas. Like its extraordinary child lead, this Russian drama about an orphan's search for his birth mother is small in size and monumental in pathos.