Bone Tomahawk begins and ends with moments of such sickening violence it's difficult to remember that what comes in between is actually rather good, if in a clearly Tarantino-inspired way.
What gives Zahler's brutal, bloody, and just plain bizarre film a lot of its oomph is the dialogue, by turns lyrical, absurd, odd, and inventive.
Like many esteemed classics of the genre, Bone Tomahawk is an exploitation movie at heart, but has the courage of its convictions to treat its material as a gory grindhouse feature, albeit one made with love and effort.
However, if you're a fan of genre cinema or in the mood for something different then try catch it in cinemas. There'll be few visceral and awe moments like it on the big screen this year.
Zahlers dialogue takes us effortlessly back to the Old West, the cast are excellent, and a few stumbles aside this is best campfire movie for some time.
Bonkers, bloody and oddly brilliant, this is destined to have a long and fruitful cult life ahead of it.
For 100 minutes or so, Bone Tomahawk plays out as a clever and truly enjoyable Western... and then the film turns all kinds of nasty.
It's the definition of "not for everybody", but it's essential for the patient and adventurous horror aficionado.
His cast is outstanding, starting with Kurt Russell as Sheriff Hunt.
... a sturdy frontier western about strong but decidedly mortal settlers who take the responsibilities of community seriously, and its odyssey takes them to the border of horror cinema without leaving its frontier drama landscape or sensibility.
Bone Tomahawk makes its characters shine through a smart script, staying away from the traditional and often used formula. [Full review in Spanish]
A perfect blend of horror and western elements. [Full review in Spanish]
Although not wholly successful, Bone Tomahawk is nevertheless the latest example of the quiet renaissance that Westerns have enjoyed over the past few years.
Ultraviolence aside, there's plenty to admire about this innovative genre-bender.
Unlike great westerns that have come before it, Bone Tomahawk isn't one that takes its time to develop its character and story.
As entertaining as it is to watch Russell and co it also strains the patience. The kill-crazy ending does make up for it, though.
If you like flinty, offbeat Westerns, flavoursome dialogue and expert acting, then there's a fair chance you will relish Bone Tomahawk. But be warned, this slow, absorbing tale eventually turns savage and requires a cast-iron stomach.
A radical fusion of disparate elements which all enhance one another beautifully.
Wow! What a grueling, richly rewarding and meticulously crafted film.
a funny (strange and haha) western landscape where it is all too easy to get pillaged, consumed or lost.
Requiring both patience and a cast-iron stomach, Bone Tomahawk is an acquired taste, but it stays with you long after it's over.
It is mostly just an excuse for the debut director, S Craig Zahler, to whip the rug out from under you, Tarantino-style.
S. Craig Zahler's ambitious genre bender is Western, black comedy and gory horror movie, all at once and entirely successfully.
This delivers humour, horror, bromance and blood in an exquisitely freaky fashion. A weird and wonderful Western.
Make no bones about it, this is worth a couple of hours of your time.
Cult status could beckon for this well-made, macabre and violent western-horror from cinematographer turned director S Craig Zahler.
It has a nice line in wry chatter and a pleasantly old-fashioned 'lost posse' plot with engaging, odd characters striving against the wilderness while swapping cynical frontier wisdom.
You'll be watching - at least, I was - with your hand clamped over a mouth in various states of aghast-ness. But the film's bloodiest moments, in a real turn-up for the books, are also its saddest.
With this film the cowboy genre moves beyond modern and postmodern. You could call it postmillennial, post-apocalyptic, post-ironic.
A precariously balanced, genre-literate oddity with something to say.
Witty, beautifully shot and genuinely terrifying, this is an extremely impressive and thoroughly enjoyable horror-western. Future cult status seems assured.
Equal parts charming, strange, goofy, unpredictable and genuinely horrifying.
Zahler's impressive directorial debut delivers razor-sharp tension that recalls the work of author Jack Ketchum.
S Craig Zahler's strikingly confident and richly imagined debut feature is a film that deserves to be discovered and celebrated.
It's never a bad time for a good western and Bone Tomahawk is a good western...
'Bone Tomahawk' is a fresh entry to the western genre, offering new ways in which to expand their vast universe. [Full review in Spanish]
It's not your Roy Rogers western.
A dull and absolutely tedious Western with a mild horror bent.
The rewarding Western elements transition smoothly into the world of horror, like the sun moving behind a cloud. And yeah, things get dark and startlingly violent.
S. Craig Zahler's directorial debut is set in the frontierlands - not just between civilisation & savagery some time after America's Civil War, but also between oater heroics (& antiheroics), Coen-esque clusterfuckery & a pioneering form of horror.
If Bone Tomahawk is a neo-cannibal-western-thriller-romance, then it's always fun to watch a filmmaker pull off the film he's probably always wanted to make. Which Zahler seems to do his first go-round.
a Western that is also a comedy until the good humor runs out and what is left turns into a grim horror film.
A sci-fi horror cannibal exploitation picture by way of John Ford, it's a deliberately paced, old-fashioned Western that occasionally morphs into a splatter movie.
It wants to be grim, but not necessarily despairing: genuinely fearing for its protagonists' lives while still holding legitimate hope that they're smart enough and tough enough to emerge out the other side intact.
Bone Tomahawk is terrifying and strange, to be sure, but it's the old-fashioned veneer that makes it beautiful.
A solid directorial debut, and one of the year's most unique genre films.
Part revisionist oater, part 'Hills Have Eyes' splatter-fest ... a tightly constructed trek into enemy territory that becomes increasingly tough to stomach, or shake off ... Russell at his laconic steely-eyed best.
It's not a John Wayne movie, and Hopalong Cassidy would've fled screaming from this set. Instead, it's a horror western for the modern age that uses the most realistic scares
Whatever narrative flaws might threaten to derail it, this ultraviolent horror-Western hybrid compensates with attitude, visual style and sheer originality.
Zahler's commitment to objective realism, despite his out-there premise, denies the audience the sort of engagement that might have made Bone Tomahawk truly subversive, and truly great.
A genre-smashing confluence of an oater and an eater, Bone Tomahawk is an absolute blast even as it changes tones and takes on a profound gory grimness in the end.
Bone Tomahawk shows the Western is more than sturdy enough to thrive in 2015.
For my money, Bone Tomahawk isn't just the best horror movie of 2015, it's the best movie, full stop.
A fresh take on the Western genre, this film combines dark drama with snappy wit and grisly horror to keep viewers on the edge of their seats.
While the genre jump from John Ford to Eli Roth may be off-putting to some, it raises the stakes on a climax in a way that most Westerns fail to do.
"Bone Tomahawk" may be too much of a slow burn, overall, but there's a very specific audience out there who are going to love the way it combines Westerns and horror while respecting them both.
While overlong and awfully leisurely (as well as remarkably gory)...quite enjoyable, rather like a version of 'The Hills Have Eyes' transplanted to the old West and enriched by a strong cast and a good deal of flavorful, if often digressive, dialogue.
Though its cult-movie desires often show, "Bone Tomahawk" is ultimately sold by its cast, who commit fully to Zahler's discursive indulgences.
A witty fusion of western, horror and comedy that gallops to its own beat.
On the list of things the world needs, a mash-up of The Searchers and Hannibal is pretty far down there. But if there is going to be such a thing, the smartly cast and well-crafted Bone Tomahawk fills the bill nicely.
Captures how living in that time and place was almost certainly mind-numbingly, spirit-crushingly, death-wishingly boring.
Bone Tomahawk is a perfect blend of Western and horror, the casual, homespun nature of the former punctuated by the shocking violence of the latter.
Bone Tomahawk is a classic western in spirit but modern film in hard hitting brutality.
I doubt there's a huge audience for a movie like Bone Tomahawk, but those who find it may turn it into a new cult classic.
Those brave enough to sample its period authenticity and vivid way with bloodshed are gifted a slow-burn stunner that, when it reaches its destination, is genuinely terrifying.
Bone Tomahawk is as creepily vicious as the title implies. And it's Russell's best work in years.
Viewed through the lens of Italian exploitation films, Bone Tomahawk starts to make sense.
It's an uneasy mixture of bizarre character development, arty dialogue laced with black humor and gruesome horror flick.
A gritty genre mashup that makes a nice, grisly appetizer for Tarantino's coming "Hateful 8."
Equal parts technically brilliant and racially repugnant, Bone Tomahawk offers up the very worst of the Western genre's xenophobia in a brutal package.
Well-made, intriguing western-horror mashup. Terrifically acted, especially by Richard Jenkins and Kurt Russell.
The characters are thoughtfully embellished, and Zahler's script finds occasional traction with engaging dialogue that includes exploration of the men's contrasting attitudes about marriage.
One wishes that S. Craig Zahler had more explicitly faced the cultural demons lingering within his premise, attempting to exorcise them.
"Bone Tomahawk" is a proper Western, a proper horror movie, and by combining the two, becomes something else entirely, and proves hugely enjoyable for it.
As a western it's enthralling with depth and visual splendour, resonating like sunstroke, but the film soon unfurls into a terror-fired juggernaut that macerates the senses then leaves you amazed, exhilarated and hugely entertained.
Long, slow and low-budget, Bone Tomahawk is also disturbingly tense, hyper-violent, and destined to attract an adoring fanboy following.
First-time director S. Craig Zahler's script deliberately leans on Old West cliches, but is buoyed by crackling dialogue and strong performances.
Bone Tomahawk is a major disappointment.
A mean-spirited and creepy, but oddly amusing, Old West tale that feels like an homage to Robert E. Howard's wildest western chillers.
A surprising level of gravitas marks this picture as one that isn't content with a B-movie base hit.
Bone Tomahawk is a long, LONG journey towards cannibalistic mayhem, which will test the patience of western fans waiting for the gruesome tomahawking to begin.
A genre mash-up that deliver on both fronts, Bone Tomahawk is a two-hour blast that features great dialogue, strong characters, and imaginative and memorable kills.
A gleefully grisly genre gazpacho that matches a rousing sense of Old West derring-do to a comic sensibility as dark as chewing tobacco - and at least as much of an acquired taste.

@highlight

Bone Tomahawk 's peculiar genre blend won't be for everyone, but its gripping performances and a slow-burning story should satisfy those in search of something different.