The English-language debut of Danish director Susanne Bier is at times morose but the tale of healing is directed with compassion and a powerful, sometimes discomforting intimacy.
Every trace of maudlin evaporates in one of Del Toro's lopsided grins.
You can't manufacture honest sentiment.... So, I'd have to call the movie a noble miss.
The best part of the film is del Toro's performance, a junkie jumble of many layers, glued together with a deep seated humanity that reaches out to us.
A Susanne Bier film guarantees us a potent emotional journey, and this, Bier's first English language film, dissects hearts and searches for truths.
The film felt very anti-climatic to me for some reason.
Where the film's ambitions crumble is in its avowed refusal to make its audience too uncomfortable.
I wish someone had lost this script in the fire.
Things We Lost in the Fire sounds like a made-for-Lifetime weeper. But two superlative performances means "Fire" is anything but a by-the-book drama.
Less than profound, but consistently honest, Things We Lost in the Fire is neither triumphant nor great, but it is meaningful.
Scheduled blowups and symbolic dreams and interminable tears until we all feel like we've learned a little something about loss: We want our two hours back.
Often as overwrought as it is heartrending.
...never entirely comes off as the searing, hard-to-watch drama it's presumably supposed to be.
"Things We Lost In The Fire" is an overlong downer that crumbles under the relentless strain of anger and grief.
Damaged individuals healing one another is a serviceable idea for a film, but Things We Lost in the Fire is missing an essential component: plausibility.
In an unusual season with so many films are aimed at adults Things We Lost may be the most mature of the lot.
Things We Lost in the Fire: Any sense of rhythm or pace, and an ending that won't make you groan.
A sobering and intimate look at how we handle loss, "Things We Lost in the Fire" is owned by the performance of Benicio del Toro.
Things We Lost in the Fire is certainly not a comedy, but it is definitely mordant with its two Big Themes: Loss and Addiction, both treated in a singularly heavy-handed manner, for which I blame primarily Mr. Loeb's screenplay.
Benicio is the heroine addict with a heart of gold!
There is much that is right about this film; it is a shame that it tries a bit too hard and falls a bit short.
The first time you stare into Halle Berry's iris, it's interesting; by the fifth and sixth time it's exasperating.
Story of death and redemption too much for kids.
'Things We Lost in the Fire' deserves praise for its top-notch performances and its humanistic treatment of such serious subject matter as grief and addiction.
Berry gives a riveting performance, but as a deeply decent man trapped in a hell of his own making, Del Toro gives the kind of career performance Berry gave in Monster's Ball.
Danish director Bier focuses on themes and relationships in what's otherwise a rather contrived melodrama.
A lovable heroin addict helps a widow and her children cope with loss... Obvious and unconvincing...
...raw and anguished performances...
Susanne Bier's first English-language film is a superbly written, powerfully emotional drama with terrific, Oscar-worthy performances from Halle Berry and Benicio Del Toro.
Del Toro's face can be a map of emotions, and he's allowed to unfold it freely.
[Del Toro is] both beast and beauty in a movie that mismanages the idea that life is not a fairy tale.
A shimmering example of just how good Benicio Del Toro has become, as well as how bad Halle Berry has pretty much always been.
The most remarkable thing about Things We Lost in the Fire is the fact that Susanne Bier came all the way from Denmark to make this movie.
Look for Benicio Del Toro's name next to my friend Hal Holbrook and (hopefully) Max Von Sydow when the Best Supporting Actor names are listed.
...plays like Iñárritu Lite, which means it's not terrible, but it does pretend to a substance it doesn't in fact deliver.
Excuse me, but wasn't this soap opera supposed to be about Halle's grieving character's loss of a husband, not about her worrying about losing her looks? It doesn't get any more shallow than this.
It's very strong.
...a muddled story that features an outstanding performance by Del Toro ...wrapped up in pretentious storytelling.
Things We Lost in the Fire could have easily turned into chest-thumping and wailing for two hours, but it's a lot more than that.
Things We Lost in the Fire is the best of the recent crop of films about coping with loss. It also boasts a quietly riveting performance by Benicio Del Toro.
Only the acting is remarkable in this agonizingly morose, tedious melodrama that unfolds at the pace of a death march.
This story never quite transcends the melodrama because the characters don't grow or change... they just stay mired in the muck of their soap opera existence.
The movie is an engrossing melodrama, and it has its heart in the right place.
Surprisingly, this insightful tearjerker is padded with expressive layers well beyond the average made-for-television sentiments because of the penetrating performances.
Jerry and Audrey are locked into reductive storylines, so their shadowed eyes and perspiring brows are only telling you what you already know.
[Benicio Del Toro's] managed to top even himself; this most recent performance is right up there with the best screen turns, not just of his generation but of all time.
Things We Lost in the Fire veers away from the real and hard and toward the fantastic.
Its deliberate pacing may put some viewers off, as will the bleakness of the subject matter, but it's worth seeing, mostly to soak up the complex shades of Del Toro's performance.
Bier, a veteran of the Danish Dogme95 collective that demanded raw authenticity over artificial gloss, brings an honest, distinctly European feel to the melodrama. Could this mean a new direction for popular American movies? Let's hope so.
If this were a Susanne Bier film made on her home turf we'd feel a lot more wrung out by the movie's end. Instead we're just worn out.
Should you go? Yes, mostly because Del Toro is electrifying.
A wistful and often lovely film.
[Director] Bier knows the difference between drama and melodrama.
It's a soaper about a doper and a classy widow. Keep that in mind, even if you give way to seduction.
Del Toro delivers another powerfully simple and effective performance. Berry is fine but her character just doesn't add up, perhaps inevitable in a movie that seems to have been lost somewhere in translation.
Watching Del Toro bring glimmers of intelligence and kindness to his character's messed-up surface makes the audience want to stick with him through the movie.
Merges the familiar genres of grief/recovery and addiction/recovery, but is honest and well-written enough to avoid genre pitfalls.
The result is a film that's more credible in its building blocks than in its whole. But, like all of Bier's work, it's never less than honest emotionally.
A movie about loss and mourning and bottomless sadness. But its very production is, on another level, a reason to celebrate.
This movie is the most irritating example yet of how both film and TV have taken to shooting even the phoniest, soapiest stories with that drunken, shaky, ultra- close-up camerawork that says, 'Hey, look at us! We're being all documentaryish!'
It is a testament to how well the movie is made that even the most hardened viewer might find himself tearing up at moments -- and you won't have to hate yourself in the morning.
Though it is erratic and can come off as manufactured, this film has the gift of gathering strength as it goes on. It harnesses the talents of stars Halle Berry and Benicio Del Toro in ways that ultimately make us sit up and take notice.
Fire draws all its heat from the performance of Benicio Del Toro, who shows how one great actor can elevate and even save a movie from itself.
[Director] Bier steers clear of Hollywood formula. Her low-key, natural style comes by its drama honestly, with little manipulation and lots of character development.
Simply put, do not go to this film if you are looking for a romantic comedy or a routine drama. Things We Lost in the Fire offers no such escapism. Instead, even in a fiction, it brings us face to face with the demons of life.
Apart from the mobile camera and a moderately challenging time-jumping script, this is weepy women's cable-television fare of the tears-and-cuddles variety.
Though it flirts with melodrama to the tipping point, the movie, like the characters played by Berry and her costar Benicio Del Toro, ultimately makes connections too honest, hopeful and human to induce guilt on the part of any open-hearted moviegoer.
A supple and angular story of grief.
Bring your tissues, ladies. Halle Berry and Benicio Del Toro act their hearts out in a modern weepie that manages to hit all the marks, without being too terribly predictable.
Del Toro...is both authentic and magnetic.
Bier is one of the cinema's most acute observers of intimate relations, her Scandinavian reserve muting the inherent melodrama of her material, and she draws piercing, modestly scaled performances.
Yields more satisfaction than complaints.
[Benicio Del Toro's] is the only character with human flaws, and in a movie perfect people tend to be boring.
Less an emotional whirligig than a long, slow monorail ride, it grows more conventional and single-minded as it goes along.
Del Toro is the heart and soul, as well as the haunted, rubbery visage, of a story of grief and loss that would be fairly lifeless without him.
Straddles the line between European-style art-house fare and pure American soap opera.
Del Toro pulls off a tight-wire dramatic performance that keeps the film afloat, but can't obscure the constant hiss of pop psychology that pierces nearly every scene.
Overwrought indies aren't typically my thing and this achingly angsty melodrama does little to alter my thinking.
An emotionally-draining yet uplifting film about grief and redemption that should put Danish filmmaker Susanne Bier on America's radar.
Though not always faithful in small things, Things We Lost is faithful in much. The individual moments are sometimes off, but the large emotional resonances are right.
As yet another example of a gifted foreign filmmaker...fudging up their reputation by traveling over to Tinsel Town for some Western promise, Things We Lost in the Fire is Lifetime lite cinema masquerading as actual A-list excellence.
A movie that, despite its fine acting, has the emotional impact of a general anesthetic.
Lacks the urgency of [director Bier's] Danish films.
Haunting cinema...an exquisite film of mammoth dramatic reach and sympathy, and it presents Susanne Bier as one of the most observant, patient filmmakers working today.
However, there is one element to "Things We Lost In the Fire" that does work spectacularly well and that is the central performance by Benicio Del Toro.
Benicio Del Toro is so natural and captivating you will be amazed, but Halle Berry gets the overwrought stuff.
With all the characters busily turning their lemons into lemonade, this film risks little and demands nothing from the viewer save tears of empathy.
Complicated and raw
The director never overdoes it, never pushes things into a maudlin state of saccharine melancholy, instead allowing for people and their actions to speak for themselves in a way that's doesn't preach or force a certain perspective.
Beautifully shot.
It is refreshing to see an American film that is not steeped in cliché. The twists and turns of this personal drama go in unexpected and satisfying directions.
Finds its substance in the personalities and relationships of the characters -- so much substance that a conventional 'story' isn't even needed.
[Bier's] American debut is a poignant, extremely well-told parable very much in the tradition of her Danish work.
Well-acted.
Bier's skill in rising above melodramatic convention appears to have abandoned her on the trip to America.
If the film tends toward didacticism at times, it's a welcome advertisement for compassion.
Just watching Del Toro's eyes provides an emotional fire Allan Loeb's script can't hope to match.
Brave enough to show a cruel and angry side of grief, the film also comes with the first Oscar worthy performance this year, courtesy of Del Toro as a humble, sensitive and self-effacing man struggling to kick his habit.
A deeply emotional film that gives us a deeper respect for those trying to recover from the loss of a loved one or enslavement to an addiction.
A good grief movie is supposed to leave you feeling like crap but, Things We Lost in the Fire ended up making me laugh.
Light on plot, which wouldn't be a problem if the mildly rote characters held more depth than they do.
A rare tragic drama that doesn't let its characters off easy, but doesn't unreasonably punish them either.
Maudlin, mawkish, unintentionally hilarious, and utterly devoid of human emotion. The word I'm searching for, I guess, is "alien."
In Danish director Susanne Bier's first American effort, the camera lingers so long and lusciously on its lead actress's perfect little pores that it quickly starts to resemble a Neutrogena commercial.
[Director] Bier is graceful, observant of small details, but her efforts to mine a greater meaning through the camera than Loeb has put on the page is a fruitless endeavor.
Evolves as a story of sadness from the outside looking in, rather than a vivid depiction of hearts finding ways to become unbroken.
Bier is skilled at exploring the inner lives of her characters, but the editing by Pernille Bech Christensen and Bruce Cannon is more precious than revealing.
Is there another face in the movies as endlessly fascinating as Benicio Del Toro's?
Things We Lost in the Fire deals frankly and openly with the wounds -- some obvious, some not so obvious -- that are left by the tragic, untimely loss of a loved one. At times, the film is unsparing.
Consistently well-acted and, for a studio picture, pretty sharp on the subject of addiction and recovery and relapse.
[Director] Bier's meditation on guilt, redemption, coping and addiction feels so much like old hat that it doesn't carry the weight to which it aspires.
Highlighted by a performance by Benicio Del Toro at his most magnetically bedraggled, this is a welcome rarity: a full-on heartstring yanker that doesn't leave the viewer feeling ill-used afterward.
Bier, in her American debut, mostly keeps things simple and intimate, though, by using hand-held cameras, extreme close-ups and flooding the proceedings with spare, natural light.
A safely false, glamorized weepie.
A welcome relief from all the war and violence we've been getting lately, it's a wonderful, heartfelt experience, executed with meticulous principles and penetrating artistry.
It's an old adage that the really great film actors put it across with expressions rather than words, and in Things there are about a hundred such moments for Del Toro.
There are certainly some problems, but there's enough honesty about the cycle of addiction and the struggle of recovery to smooth out the rough edges.
A live-wire performance by Benicio Del Toro sparks an otherwise morose study of loss, addiction and catharsis.
An unstable mix of a tearjerker, junkie-recovery story and odd-couple pairing.
Ultimately, the text keeps dragging the gifted actors down to its own borderline banal level.
In a case of cathartic mutual therapy, Berry once again knocks me out with the depth of her talent and the perfection of her beauty.






@highlight

Things We Lost in the Fire is a well-acted, beautifully filmed reflection on love, loss, addiction and recovery from life's obstacles.