The Homesman is a dark, complex story of gender issues and changing conventions on the frontier, and in an era that sees this genre fading, Jones has made a Western winner.
The film offers a landscape to match the emotional isolation; this land is as empty and lonely and unforgiving as it is lovely.
Hilary Swank gives a particularly good central performance -- but the end result is a real curate's egg: too much at times, underdeveloped at others and marred by a huge plot twist that stops the story almost in its tracks.
It's a film worth seeing before the crowd of Oscar contenders sweeps it out of the way for the holiday season.
Clear-eyed but never discompassionate, The Homesman collects uneasy truths that are all too often left by the wayside of our nation's road to success.
As a director, he's batted it out of the park. Twice. First with the eloquent and little-seen The Three Burials of Melquiades Estrada and now with the hardscrabble brilliance of The Homesman.
A fair portion of Tommy Lee's life has been dedicated to telling stories about schlepping variously incapacitated or dead people long distances through the Wild West.
If 'The Homesman' proves anything, it's that there's no movie that can't get a shot in the arm from a couple scenes of Tommy Lee Jones hollerin' and dancin'.
If Jones wants to become a great director of a dying genre, he cannot simply hope to mimic what the masters did. He must instead explore the meaning of each image he creates.
With his sophomore effort, The Homesman, Jones gives us a revisionist Western that defies expectations at every turn. It's a genuine art film in the vein of Aussie productions like The Proposition.
A stubbornly uncommercial and richly challenging inversion of Americana, this time with an eye towards the pioneer women pushed to the margins of our history books.
It reminds us repeatedly of how fragile civilization was in the Old West.
Actor Tommy Lee Jones again proves himself a fine director with this quietly remarkable revisionist western.
... this story presents the West as a hard place that creates hard people and destroys the rest.
The Homesman is a strange, challenging western that confounds expectations at every turn.
"The Homesman" is the kind of film that makes me yearn for the days of John Wayne and Sergio Leone. But, there's one big difference. This is a story that discards nostalgia for cruelty and hardship. It's a western with baggage.
There's never been a Western like this, but dang if every bizarre thing in it doesn't seem historically probable.
Fits securely into the "new wave" of ultra-realistic (read: surly and grubby) oaters.
The Homesman isn't dull. It's too peculiar for that. But neither does it make you want to saddle up and ride off with either of its two leading characters, either.
There isn't a white hat to be seen in this grimly realistic Western, and its most heroic character wears a bonnet not a Stetson.
Horses, wagons, occasional Indians and villainous white settlers don't stop "The Homesman" from transcending the western tag. In ways both simple and deep, it's a stark, tender, heartrending, universal tale.
Almost every moment of The Homesman deserves to be framed in a gallery, with shots of moonlight skylines and endless horizons that would make John Ford's ghost jealous.
The Homesman is a moving expose of the suffrage of isolation and piety disguising the horrors of pioneer life.
... offers a thoughtful and compelling examination of Old West gender roles that eventually finds its destination even if it doesn't take the easiest path to get there.
... for 90 minutes or so, The Homesman is a completely hypnotic, powerful experience.
It's not always a totally satisfying experience, but it's one of the most engaging and rewarding films of the year even so.
Jones isn't interested in making a movie about archetypes; he's making a movie about people. And people can surprise you. "The Homesman" certainly surprised me, and still haunts me.
The Homesman is an odd, unrelentingly grim look at a largely unexplored subject, but its last 15 minutes or so are a bit of a mess.
Jones and Swank are both in fine form in Jones' sobering and unsentimental -- but thoroughly engrossing -- anti-Western.
Tommy Lee Jones' face is a national treasure, is it not? Is there a face on the screen as wizened, as ruined, as made for playing men who've seen unspeakable things?
One of the richest, most personal, most beautiful, most disturbing and ultimately strangest films of the year.
Although I would have liked this film more if it didn't have the obligatory suicide, it is a pretty good movie with excellent performances, strong writing and nice scenery. This is the way Westerns are supposed to look.
A story about resilience, forgiveness and redemption, "The Homesman" is a well-cast, well-intentioned film that hopefully read better in its original novel form.
A thoughtful Western that suggests insanity may be as logical a form of refuge, rebellion and self-expression as any for desperate women -- now as well as then? -- condemned to emotional isolation, unpaid hard labor and sexual servitude by loutish men.
It's a bold, thrilling work of comedy and abstraction from an obstinate sixty-eight-year-old artist.
Parts of The Homesman are a slog to sit through, but the movie ends on a note of absurd comedy that also breaks your heart, suggesting that some people, no matter the circumstances, are incapable of change.
A rich slice of hardship and redemption from the unforgiving frontier.
If only things had started out on more solid ground and headed toward some sort of resolution. If only.
...increasingly resembles a vanity project.
It is Swank's performance that holds you. Her Cuddy is God-fearing, determined, courageous and outspoken; all of which covers desperation to be loved and accepted.
Hilary Swank delivers an excellent performance. She brings a soulfulness and longing to pragmatic prairie woman Mary Bee Cuddy.
Jones stars and directs in a powerful western with Oscar-worthy performances by himself and Swank.
Jones's direction consistently benefits the performances and he's fearless in tackling frontier life, while director of photography Rodrigo Prieto deserves Academy Award consideration for the hardships he faced
The film has more surprising turns than a honeycomb has bees. Absurdity and calamity collide without warning.
In the pile-up of melodramatics that clutters his movie, it's hard to tell for sure what Jones is trying to say.
Uses a familiar genre format to subtly subvert conventions, blending the old-fashioned and the progressive into a story that can be unexpectedly powerful.
Jones captures stark and disturbing moments with a matter-of-factness that's neither overstated nor flippantly casual. It's no revelation that this was a dangerous time and place, and he doesn't treat it as such.
Swank, an Oscar winner for "Boys Don't Cry" and "Million Dollar Baby," is outstanding, getting to the essence of Mary Bee's pride and pain. And in the showier role, Jones impressively peels away layers of rambunctiousness to reveal George's humanity.
Swank and Streep are big stars with famous faces, and yet disappear into their roles; these characters convey both quiet strength and gentle kindness.
Too silly to take seriously and too dark to find funny.
A spiritual pioneer drama about the mysteries of the heart and the paradoxes of the human adventure which cannot be explained easily.
As we've already seen to what lengths ordinary people can be driven by the frontier life, nothing should still surprise us. It's to the film's credit that it manages to do so regardless.
The Homesman literally reverses course to peek at the abandoned ruins of lives lost to the frontier, the human potential plowed over like last year's crop.
As the protagonists near their final destination, The Homesman offers a critique of civilization that's almost as pessimistic as its critique of frontier life, suggesting that in every corner of America there have always been more losers than winners.
For around two thirds of its running time The Homesman has affected to be a great revisionist Western...but the final third courts derision.
Infuriatingly conflicted fare, buoyed up by brilliant performances, weighed down by old-school cliche, leavened by the bleak plains over which it casts its lonely, misanthropic eye.
Tommy Lee Jones shows a deft hand at drama, but infuses the story with humor, too.
Marching decidedly to the beat of his own drummer, cowriter/star/director Tommy Lee Jones has made an endearing, feminist Western that defies expectations at every turn.
THE HOMESMAN is something close to a great modern-day Western.
Tommy Lee Jones deserves credit for taking a difficult story of pain, mental illness and loneliness and transforming it into a strong Western film that never shies away from its difficult subject material.
One of the best and best cast American films of the year. Swank is a revelation. A surprising spiritual journey, recalling the works of John Ford, John Bunyan and Terrence Malick.
Strong characters and a vivid sense of life in frontier America give this film a kick of authentic energy that makes it a gripping journey.
Not since John Wayne and Montgomery Clift set off on their epic cattle drive in Howard Hawks's Red River has there been a more unusual pairing than Tommy Lee Jones and Hilary Swank in Jones's magnificent new feature, The Homesman.
The film is a tonal nightmare, lurching uneasily from hang-'em and shoot-'em cowboy comedy to gruesome vignettes from the lives of frontier women.
Jones's direction is stylish and assured, and he generously gives Swank room to prove what a great actor she can be with the right material.
It's great to have Tommy Lee Jones back in the directorial saddle, and his latest is a beautifully strange feminist western.
A film that puts a fresh, female spin on the western.
It's as stubbornly and cantankerously eccentric as both its wagon drivers, not to mention driven to blaze its own trail through the narrative and mythological landscape of America's defining story form.
At a certain point, The Homesman will take you by surprise. By the end ... it will take your heart.
In its subdued way, The Homesman is a melancholy tale of lost souls who find temporary unity only to end up where they began...
Maybe no other film this year has so many mood swings, from the heartfelt to the horrific.
A twist that nobody could see coming transforms the narrative from a sort of African Queen on dry land to something altogether substantial and poignant.
The Homesman is a western hard and true, one that probably comes closer to depicting the hardships of frontier life than any number of more conventional oaters.
For a movie headlined by two Oscar-winning Hollywood stars - and directed and co-written by one of them - "The Homesman" is awfully close to outsider art.
Wanders along the lonesome trail, then heads off into the underbrush.
So The Homesman has women in it, but a 'feminist western'? No.
The Homesman is a story of faith versus the void, civilization versus the frontier, life versus death. It's dark matter, but Jones and Swank bring some sparkle to the dust with their perfectly balanced performances.
Some recent interviews with Jones paint him as a bit of a curmudgeon. But he's right to push back against being put into a box. "The Homesman" succeeds mainly because it and he don't neatly fit into one.
Few will regret having seen "The Homesman," and yet it's not exactly an enjoyable experience.
Has a better sense of scenery than story.
Jones adds a fierce political edge, unexpected comic moments and some astonishing, at times wilfully transgressive imagery.
Right or wrong, "The Homesman" belongs to Jones and Swank, and for Western aficionados it's worth seeing.
A film that looks at first glance like a conventional Western but goes to unusual places.
Another solid directorial effort from the occasional filmmaker.
While the film is bathed in a beautiful magic-hour glow courtesy of cinematographer Rodrigo Prieto, Jones' journey doesn't quite take off.
The melancholic balance isn't always quite right and the momentum wanes when it should be gaining.
The storytelling is warped by the same freakishness and hysteria that afflicts its characters. For all its surface polish, The Homesman is tainted at heart.
[VIDEO ESSAY] The allegories and subtexts that Jones explores here appear as ancient cultural artifacts that require the viewer to think deeper into the narrative substance and form being presented. Nothing is spoon-fed.
If this sounds like The African Queen meets Rooster Cogburn, be aware that flashes of sardonic humour and painful poignancy are to be gratefully received in a sombre, grim, frequently horrific depiction of the pioneer experience.
I was impressed with how Jones's uncomfortable mixing of tones in the first half of the film gave way to something more elegiac and evocative by the end.
It's like a tempered Evil Dead 2 with mentally ill housewives instead of body-inhabiting demons.
"The Homesman" is much more than a Western and to bring his austere vision to life, Jones surrounded himself with people of exceptional talent.
"Tommy Lee Jones' riveting Western is bleak and very nearly misanthropic, but it's also passionate, earthy, unpredictable, sensitive, and gloriously distinct."
The development probably works in Glendon Swarthout's novel of the same name, where Swank is nowhere in sight. But not in the theater. You're tempted to give up on the movie because it feels as if the movie has given up on her.
Director/Star Tommy Lee Jones confounds, making brilliant American cinema on the back of the blockbuster dime from Men in Black, the Fugitive -- and Ameriprise ads. Hilary Swank goes spare and true paired with Rodrigo Prieto's restrained camerawork.
A studied and thoughtful examination of the unfair pressures faced by women on the frontier that also reconsiders the ways they've been classically portrayed in the Western.
... a journey worth tagging along.
Though tonally inconsistent, "The Homesman" is one curious, ornery creature. The strangeness Tommy Lee Jones brought to "Three Burials" lingers here in the margins.
The film looks great and its heart is in the right place, but it ultimately falls into a rut of cynicism and brutality that feels unearned and unnecessary.
It's not an easy picture to digest, but its perspective is valuable and satisfying, and its filmmaking is outstanding.
A wrenching, relentless and anti-heroic western that stands among the year's most powerful American films. Not everyone will like "The Homesman," but if you see it you won't soon forget it.
"The Homesman" doesn't play things safe, and that's a welcome change.
A strange, and beautiful movie, full of odd touches - a knife fight in the middle of a desolate wasteland, a gravestone made from a bed's headboard, a piece of embroidery that stands in for a much-missed keyboard - that haunt after the film's done.
"The Homesman" may sound like a title conferred on a man, and George Briggs may be driving the wagon. But it is Mary Bee's persistence and prayers that carry the women, and the film, flawed as it sometimes is, home.
It was a stark life in the plains, and director/star Jones, Swank, and the rest of the cast, along with cinematographer Rodrigo Prieto, have done an admirable job of making a Western as realistic as any you will ever see.
"The Homesman" is both a captivating western and a meticulous, devastating feminist critique of the genre.
There's a thrilling undercurrent of rebellion in the way this straightforward, seemingly old-fashioned Western takes up the feminist cause.
The Homesman aims for a story that's poignant and told sparely, but comes across as mawkish, tedious and self-indulgent.
A powerful and painful tale of the Old West.
The Homesman joins a stark, stripped-down beauty to a languid pace and a spare soundtrack to create an ambience that reeks of loneliness and alienation.
Everyone has a favorite Tommy Lee Jones performance. Until now I didn't have my least favorite, but "The Homesman" provides it, and is ruined by it.
This fem-centric Western from actor-director/co-writer Tommy Lee Jones walks the tightrope between comic and tragic. Jones and Hilary Swank ignite combustibly.
The final half-hour rambles between ambiguous sentiments and savage ironies. With Jones's multiple talents, and a deeper, sharper adaptation, he could have made a great Midwestern.
The people in 'The Homesman' grow in stature and, in spite of their clichéd-ness, into viewers' friends.
Integrity and personality can go a long way, especially in a movie as unquestionably flawed as The Homesman.
Title and director notwithstanding, Tommy Lee Jones' "The Homesman'' is very much a feminist Western - one painting a vivid picture of how difficult it was for even a strong and determined woman to survive in frontier days.
A grand, shocking saga of a movie, The Homesman is the kind they don't make much anymore.
The Homesman, Tommy Lee Jones's grim yet witty feminist western, features a terrific star turn from Hilary Swank.
At times, this unconventional Western verges on becoming one of the angriest feminist statements in recent memory.
Thought-provoking and studied in its pace..Have patience, however, and you'll be rewarded by a moving, thoughtful experience.
Despite a disappointing ending, Tommy Lee Jones has created an unsettling vision of the Old West and the damaged souls who settled those lands.
Sturdy, bleak and understated - or, as one wag said, it's No Country for Crazy Womwn.
Glendon Swarthout's 1988 novel offered a rare approach to ... Old West stories by shifting the focus to the women and children who often bore its brunt the worst, and Jones has - for the most part - successfully captured this ...
The Homesman tries to cut a mordant, witty Coen Brothers line between tragedy and comedy and can't quite manage either.
Epic, intimate, allegorical and ornery.
An absorbing, melancholy look at the hard lot of women in the Old West.
The Homesman is a bleak, thoughtful glimpse into Western life that, thanks to Tommy Lee Jones' direction, finds ample intrigue without needing shoot-outs, dynamite, or any massive action pieces.
Certainly, there is a sturdiness to it, and a stubborn want of haste, that might have earned an approving growl from John Ford.
If there's any ambiguity to be found in the film's prolonged last gasps, which reach for tragedy, but only sow more epistemic confusion, it's of a mawkish and unpalatable variety.
Comes across as an authentic view of the Old West as opposed to the usual Cowboys-and-Indians melodramas.
It's a Western. It has very few gunshots, a single scene with Indians, and no grand showdown, but the longer it goes, the clearer it is that Jones has got hold of something sharp about the West.
A bizarre "deconstruction" about the grim reality for women in the Old West, or at least that's what the film appears to be about.
Not exactly a feminist western, but powerfully evoking the lives of these scarred and thwarted women - and men - afflicted with Prairie Fever madness. As Tommy Lee Jones remarkably illuminates that red state of mind with an astonishing poetic eloquence.
I needed more time to process it because it just might be brilliant. I'm not quite there yet, but it's so... weird it's worth a look just to see a movie that throws genre against the wall and rips it apart.
It might pass the Bechdel Test, but The Homesman's gender politics are little skewy.
We've seen this broken hero before. But no man is better equipped to invigorate the archetype than Tommy Lee Jones.
Jones continues to craft evocative, painterly images, and he takes real risks with tone, shifting from tragic to comic without the usual cues or transitions.
Jones has made a classic Western about a dangerous trek across country, updating it from the likes of True Grit only by making it a journey in reverse, not manly pioneers heading out West but defeated women settlers heading back East.
...it nods more to John Ford...than more contemporary takes on the genre, but the old-school classicism suits the material
It doesn't help that Swank never finds a way into this highly unappealing character, or that Jones (mostly phoning in the pitiable surliness) avoids delving very deeply into the story's proto-feminist undercurrents.
A fine homage to those who dared try to tame the wild and brutal west.
The Homesman paints a poignant picture of an era that crushed the spirit and chipped away at the souls of those who barely endured through the harshest conditions.
There are some broad emotional flourishes and ripe performances in The Homesman - maybe bordering on the over-ripe. But it is put over with such richness and verve.
Unlike other actor-directors, Jones never seems to indulge excess on the part of his cast. Though the characters are strong, the performances are understated.
If this is a revision to the revisionist westerns ushered in by "Unforgiven," I'll stay back East(wood.)
If what they have to say on the subject is as remotely superficial as The Homesman, maybe the less said, the better.
The mood flits between solemn and rascally, and the pacing is measured: this is storytelling at a mosey rather than a trot.

@highlight

A squarely traditional yet somewhat progressive Western, The Homesman adds another absorbing entry to Tommy Lee Jones' directorial résumé.