The movie is hardly top-notch stuff.
Classic Saturday morning cartoon material, very silly and very much aimed at 5 year-olds.
This 91-minute mash-up of Halloween creatures and non-stop silliness hits the ground running and virtually never slows down.
It's isn't awful. Just terribly pleasant, that's all.
Kids might be briefly entertained by the early onslaught of monsters, but the plot concerning the over-anxious father is soon tedious, especially as Sandler repeats the corny Dracula voice he's been doing since his Saturday Night Live days.
Has the definite stamp of Sandler and his crew, but in the end it's a fine and very sweet animated family film.
In the role of a concerned father and cartoon monster, Sandler manages to be something he has not been onscreen in a long time: likable.
Kids will enjoy Hotel Transylvania, and it won't bore the socks off adults too.
There's a good chance that children under 10 will find "Hotel Transylvania" entertaining, because it's as non-threatening as can be and the jokes are obvious. There's an equally good chance that everyone else will wander off . . .
From the spooked start, the comic-rhythm dial's set to bulldozer. Whizzes through the superficially amusing conceit without actually taking much time to craft cunning comedy. Like a sugar-rushed Count Chocula-meets-Fawlty-Towers idea.
This is a perfectly O.K. animated film. The animation is really quite good. The characters are interesting, but the predictable story isn't very compelling. It is a slightly above average animated feature.
Director Genndy Tartakovsky has fashioned something even the most sensitive little flowers in your family can enjoy.
Hotel Transylvania might be useful as a primer to introduce young film fans to some classic screen creatures, but it falls way behind the standard set by wittier animations from the likes of Pixar and Aardman.
The concept of monsters as the good guys and humans as the villains is nothing new in the realm of movies, but Tartakovsky keeps things moving along at a satisfying pace as the stellar voice cast have a field day with their iconic characters.
... another empty-calorie animated feature ...
Checking into this hotel will give you a thrill and get you in the mood for Halloween.
It's not good enough to actually like, nor is it bad enough to get worked up about.
With a script by that manages to dilute Adam Sandler's baser instincts with a real love for Universal monsters, Hotel Transylvania is no Grown Ups-style torture.
It's inventive, wittily drawn, macabre in a Charles Addams vein, and overlong. Children will find it as much fun as Halloween.
The characters and story, forged by six different directors and many more writers over a six-year-production stint, leave little room for Tartakovsky tricks and tics.
Eye-catching animation and non-stop jokes make this animated monster movie a lot more fun than we expect. It's packed with gross-out gags that will keep kids laughing, plus clever character-based humour for the grown-ups.
The ultimate message about ignorance being the scariest thing of all is a sincere one, but it gets lost in the nonstop, eager-to-please, uninspired zaniness.
There is not much originality here, particularly not a daughter wanting to escape an overprotective parent - Brave and Tangled did this much better - and the 3D hardly registers.
Sandler's second venture into animation is almost as unfunny as his horrendous Eight Crazy Nights, ten years ago.
Comedy gothic isn't exactly novel, and frankly there is a sense here of a movie coasting along on Halloween hype-marketing, without providing as many laughs and ideas as it really could have done.
No one does saccharine like Adam Sandler. The man can be sharp, angry and funny - but when he lays on the sweetness, it's like drowning in an avalanche of Tate & Lyle.
Castle horror versus theme-park tourism. No real winners.
The film gives gothic multiculturalism a good, or at least a giddily digimated, name.
Somehow dull and exhausting all at once, and the central concept (monsters who fear humans) was explored with far more wit and elegance in Pixar's timeless Monsters, Inc.
It's no classic but the animation is lively and inventive with some terrifically realised ghouls and the story moves fast.
It's disappointing that the vacuous teen love story is so predictable and that the quality of the gags isn't better. (Enough already with the fart and poop jokes.)
High-value animation gets wrapped around a slapdash story more suited to a Saturday morning cartoon in Adam Sandler's Hotel Transylvania, sunk by broad, lazy storytelling.
Monstrously entertaining, frequently hilarious comedy with lively, fast-paced animation, appealing characters, a witty script and terrific voice performances from a superb comic cast.
Adam Sandler is the perfect voice for Dracula and the warm and funny script makes this a solidly entertaining movie.
This foregoes an engagingly creepy plot with what amounts to a series of cleverly-staged but increasingly wearisome chases around an old castle.
Perfectly toothless.
Sandler overdoes the camp in his portrayal of Dracula, Gomez is a generically surly teen and Samberg just irritates as the unlikable Jonathan.
so frenzied and hyped in its desire to please and entertain that it starts to feel exhausting, rather than exhilarating-a monster mash that goes on a little too long and invited too many to the party
An animation that never drags itself out of mediocrity despite the best efforts of gifted animator Tartakovsky.
We only hear him, but this is the best thing Adam Sandler has done in years.
Initially, it seems as if viewers are in for the same sort of frat-boy nonsense that Sandler flings out with virtually all his live-action projects. Thankfully, the movie soon shies away from that position and instead manages to deliver genuine laughs.
There are some great sight gags and witty wordplay, but it's a shame that the script too often grows frantic and desperate for laughs. Gags about mummy flatulence can only take you so far.
Tells an insipid story with a script that manages to make that story seem even worse.
Hotel Transylvania doesn't raise the bar for animation or comedy but it's fun, and nice for once to have a different reason to say "boo" after an Adam Sandler flick.
It's all strictly one-note stuff. But it's a funny note, and the film has a grand old time giving us the same type of gag over and over again.
The 3-D adds a vertiginous thrill to a chase on flying tables and a touch of claustrophobia to a maze of underground corridors.
... feels more like a good Cartoon Network series pilot than a great feature film... no one thought to do a parody of The Eagle's 'Hotel California' for this?
Father-daughter comedy works as intro to monster movies.
The voices are colorful and vivid, but the tale is so conventional and outdated and the direction so pedestrian that it's truly a mishmash.
Charming, with a lot of laughs and even more heart, Hotel Transylvania is a fun time out at the movies the entire family can enjoy.
aimed squarely and unapologetically at tweens, . . .it's mostly a fluffy bit of Halloween candy
I was pleasantly surprised by how inventive and funny the first 20 minutes were. Unfortunately, the rest of the movie doesn't live up to those first 20 minutes.
Not since Abbott and Costello Meet Frankenstein have the great Universal monsters been subjected to such dismal treatment.
Fitfully funny, it's a stale, sloppy fright-fest that's destined to take a quick detour to the DVD shelf, where it will inevitably stake its claim.
Finally, a vampire movie - hint, hint Twilight - that is intentionally funny.
Even the animation is ugly.
About the only thing interesting about 'Hotel Transylvania' is its release date, September 28, World Rabies Day.
The voice casting is uninspired, as Sandler assembles his cadre of buddies ... for recording sessions that were probably more fun for them than they are for us.
An off-putting juxtaposition of heartfelt character moments and lowbrow poop jokes prevent Hotel Transylvania from ever being especially heartfelt or funny.
Hotel Transylvania is a chief offender when it comes to the issues plaguing mainstream animation today and in a number of ways is a significant step back for Sony Pictures Animation after their hit Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs.
The transition from creepy bloodsucker to doting dad hasn't done the venerable vampire any favors.
Dracula's hotel may be in the Carpathian Mountains, but it might as well be in the Borscht Belt of the Catskills: As in many Sandler projects, the emphasis on Jewish ethnicity and identity is not just a catalyst for jokes but a motivating theme.
'Scream cheese' is right. In addition to being notably unfunny, the 3-D version of the film is like a black hole sucking all the light out of the theater.
(T)his is another in a long line of lame family films which believes stunt voice work and passing pop culture references make for a memorable experience.
This is strictly a movie for children. Parents, you're just going to have to suck it up and endure.
The animation by Sony Pictures Animation is not particularly dazzling, even in 3-D, and with Adam Sandler heavily involved, you know there will be the requisite bathroom humor
It bursts with ideas and the characters are warmly drawn; it's just a shame the jokes come so thin and fast.
There's enough here for a fine half-hour TV special to air around Halloween, just after "It's the Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown." But not enough for a 90-minute feature.
The biggest laughs come from its edgier moments, but even with such rich material and a more-than-competent cast you can't help but feel that this movie could have been a lot better than just OK.
Hotel Transylvania may lack the emotional oomph of Pixar's best efforts, but it makes up for it with rapid-fire gags and an unflagging pace that makes this a rare all-ages treat.
Although it's a shame that Hotel Transylvania is so persistently crude, true disappointment emerges from the exceptional cartoon craftsmanship of the movie, which is wasted on ghastly writing.
The uninspired and slapsticky Hotel Transylvania is a textbook example of a movie built around a promising premise but cursed by poor execution.
A fast, funny and wildly inventive animated tale with enough laughs and heart to appeal to audiences of all ages.
...there's nothing terribly bad about Hotel Transylvania, it's just not very special.
The perfect example of a movie that is ehhh.
The film is good goofy fun, even as the plot uncorks a whole lotta nothing.
It won't fill your kids with magic and wonder, but you can be reasonably assured of diverting them for a few precious hours without permanently warping their minds.
"Hotel Transylvania" may offer a perfectly fine Halloween-themed getaway for young kids, but there aren't many amenities for Mom and Dad.
[Tartakovsky's] wit and attention to detail enliven a collection of well-known ghosts and ghouls.
It won't drive you crazy to watch it, but it isn't "The Lion King" either.
Feels like a string of jokes without a story.
This comedy starring and produced by Adam Sandler feels as slapped together one of the comedian's live-action buddy movies.
Say what you will about fart jokes. In a movie like Hotel Transylvania, they're all that keeps bored kids from running up and down the aisles screaming.
"Hotel Transylvania" tries to be slapstick monster movie, a protective daddy flick and a story of young romance between human and vampire - very timely with "True Blood," "The Vampire Diaries" and, I hate to say, the "Twilight" series.
Other than a third act that drags on a bit longer than you-know-who's oversized cape, this time around a bloodless teaming of Sandler & Samberg is actually a good thing.
Hotel Transylvania has plenty of good visual gags and a couple of side-splitting one-liners, but rarely have a story's idea and its execution been at such great odds.
The flick might entertain younger kids weaned on ADD style entertainment. For everyone else, this is something of a slog to sit through. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
Proof positive that the makers of "Hotel Transylvania" did not do their research: Frankenstein's monster is named Frankenstein.
From top to bottom, Hotel Transylvania feels like a rush job.
While it's an energetic romp, there is more slapstick humor than wit at work here, and a good deal of borrowing from the far more clever Monsters, Inc.
It's loud and boisterous, and features plenty of slapstick and bodily function humor. And, at shorter than 90 minutes, little ones shouldn't get antsy.
Ought to have been an agreeable place to spend an hour-and-a-half. Instead after ninety minutes you'll find yourself wishing you'd checked out early.
Every generation of trick-or-treaters deserves its monster mash.
The movie loses its originality as it rolls toward its predictable conclusion, but it's still lovely to look at.
There's much to enjoy here in a disposable way, particularly jokes about monsters having ordinary problems with kids and spouses.
"Hotel Transylvania" never becomes the great monster mash that seemed in the offing.
Sandler and Samberg are united for the second time in 2012, this time not as father and son but as father and potential son-in-law. They were funnier the first time around.
At its core, this movie is little more than Twilight told from the other side of the tracks, only with far more fart jokes.
There's enough here to entertain - and gross out - the kiddie crowd, and parental units, too.
No need to put a stake in it, it's deadly dull already.
There are a few laughs sprinkled throughout director Genndy Tartakovsky's film, but not nearly enough.
There's enough silly slapstick here that it flies by harmlessly.
The film starts off well [and] makes you think that several different zany things could happen, but sadly, the writers don't take advantage of it.
A familiar-but-entertaining animated comedy ...
A family movie that includes almost entirely lewd jokes for adults.
There's one volume in "Hotel": loud. And one mode of humor: crass.
The boingy action and gastrointestinal humor may district wee ones for awhile, but parents will find themselves wondering how soon they can check out.
It's not a satisfying whole, but parts are sheer delight.
Once again proves that animated films need to cut it with the musical numbers. I mean, who doesn't love rapping Dracula?
Welcome to the Hotel Transylvania, where you can check out any time you like, but you will never laugh. With apologies to The Eagles, "almost never."
A story about the difficult balance between protecting loved ones and controlling them is discarded so the cast can monomaniacally pursue a trite cliché summed up with a silly noise.
...a funny and delightful horror spoof. This may be the surprise of the season.
The cartoon has funny moment but most of its ingenuity has gone into the critter design.
Tartakovsky's zippy, boing-boing touch shines through in the purely physical antics of the monster mob; words aren't necessary as the freaks bounce around the place with nutso energy.
The main reason I'm giving this a more favorable rating than my actual opinion of the movie would seem to call for is because the screening I attended also had a lot of kids in the audience, and most of them were relatively delighted.
[VIDEO ESSAY] Partying with Dracula and his crew of monsters isn't as enjoyable as you might imagine in this animated misfire. A threadbare script sets an oversimplified plot adrift.
The clichés surrounding Tartakovsky's classic creature characters provide an endless well of comedic inspiration.
Plus, the movie openly mocks Twilight, which scores it enough points to get me to drop my torch and pitchfork.
Mostly bland and unmemorable babysitter for kids too young to go trick-or-treating.
Creative, cute and crammed with an array of fun, recognizable characters
Sandler makes cinema history with the fresh character of a sponge who glowers with pleasure as it soaks up urine
Although it doesn't worry itself with dialectic complexities, Hotel Transylvania succeeds on the level of entertainment.
Tweens might appreciate the sugar-rush ghoulishness; Famous Monsters of Filmland fans and discerning kids-flick viewers may find themselves reaching for torches.
A mildly diverting piece of Tim Burton-esque Gothic comedy, though it clearly suffers from being passed through too many hands.
Yet another instance of a decent, potentially thorny premise bogged down in a mess of treacly sentiment and tedious moralizing.
A tyke-friendly, Halloween adventure teaching a universal message of tolerance via the oft-repeated maxim that monsters are people, too!
With a nice message and an easy to follow storyline, Hotel Transylvania is one of the year's better animated releases.
I loved it, but beware: It is not a scary movie, it's a paranormal romance and it's essentially about a father/daughter relationship.
Dracula's hammy, exaggerated gesticulations seem to beg for laughs while the film's static story feels like it went into production with the first draft of a screenplay that needed a second act quite badly.
Not a complete failure for the young ones who think the idea of a farting Frankenstein is funny, but more discerning audiences will find this vampiric comedy fangless.
Bursting with great ideas, mild scares and plenty of laughs, Hotel Transylvania is A-class family entertainment.
It doesn't hit the heights of its lauded animated counterparts, but the visuals are vibrant, the laughs are steady, and the voice cast is ace.
Monsters are hip. Hotel Transylvania does its best to put a nail in that coffin.
Marginally better than most recent Sandler films, but that's not saying much.
It's us humans who are the monsters in this flipped world, which only goes to show - once more - how everything is relative. The comedic premise stands up well...
Hotel Transylvania is underwhelming, but a little more good than bad. It gets better as the film moves along, so at least it ends on a higher note than it begins.
'Hotel Transylvania' caters to the MTV generation's lack of attention, and blitzes through the gates without a breath.
The biggest issue facing "Hotel Transylvania" is that this story has been done before, over the past six decades, and in a far superior manner.
A stale overprotective-dad story set within a location that could easily house a more inspired mix of characters and events.
A scarily unfunny animated monster movie that goes awry right off the bat.
When I hear Adam Sandler as a bat go "bluh bluh bluh-bluh" something in my heart sings.


@highlight

Hotel Transylvania's buoyant, giddy tone may please children, but it might be a little too loud and thinly-scripted for older audiences.