It's magnificent filmmaking and Soderbergh's portrait of the man whose face adorns millions or T-shirts takes a neutral position... Like a jigsaw puzzle everything fits perfectly by the end.
Little by little the facts are reconstructed, with great care, in detail, like a well-choreographed waltz... [Full review in Spanish]
The myth somehow deserves better.
The quality of the film is more than a testament to Mr Del Toro's acting skills, it is a reminder that Hollywood can make great films without 'selling out'.
The director sees Guevara as a pure humanitarian. ... The films are excellent, but understanding this complex historical figure requires more than one source.
Soderbergh has no interest in sentimentality, or back story, or even really in Guevara's philosophy, except as a rigorously footnoted onscreen reflection. Practically rejecting outright the concept of poetic license, Che is radical as a biopic.
simultaneously a Hollywood throwback with its lengthy, four-and-a-half-hour roadshow grandiosity and a challenging experiment in genre reformulation
Che is a ground-level study in perseverance.
Those who have read something about this will get more out of the movies, but it's not compulsory. I saw both parts in one day and the experience was absorbing.
The Guevara portrayed here has humour but no irony: his commitment to the revolutionary ethos leaves little room for doubt, neurosis, or private loyalties of any kind.
Soderbergh has made two almost perfect war films, more like the Rings Trilogy than The Green Berets.
A major disappointment. Soderbergh has stripped the story of most of its drama and though Del Toro, who won Best Actor at Cannes last year, is very convincing as Che, this Spanish-language film almost seems like an anti-movie.
Overall, a worthwhile venture if you have always wanted to know more about Guevara's controversial legacy, but were unsure where to start.
It's not a Hollywood-style movie - it demands patience and proper attention - but it's a great movie, and rewards magnificently.
An extraordinary performance from Benicio Del Toro anchors this long but gripping film based on a powerful true story.
Ultimately, not only does this epic enlighten but one hopes it may help to rekindle some of the revolutionary spirit that seems to be sadly lacking in contemporary society.
Great showcase for Benicio del Toro, of course, a wonderful actor who gives it his all. But Che, the T shirt hero of three generations, is a myth that so many today THINK Che stood for.
It is interesting. It is ambitious. It is well-assembled, and it is beautifully shot. And it is long -- so long, in fact, that Soderbergh broke his project into two parts.
All the excitement of a wet weekend in Bognor.
Sem cometer o erro de usar a guerrilha nas montanhas como desculpa para conferir um caráter de "longa de ação" ao projeto, O Argentino é basicamente um filme de idéias políticas.
Del Toro and Soderbergh portray the man as something more than just an animated version of the image that festoons the T-shirts of thousands of armchair revolutionaries.
Del Toro's performance is fine and there are many strong moments (including some wonderful black and white footage of Che in New York) but the parts are better than the whole.
Guevara is too fascinating an individual to be confined to a story that can fit on a bumper sticker.
Leaving aside politics, it's quite an achievement in art.
...an episodic, sometimes frustrating military procedural occasionally lightened by flashes of Che's (or is it Del Toro's?) star power.
There is precious little in these movies to fill out our understanding of what it was that made Che a rebel, a leader of men, and the repository of the romantic dreams of several generations of armchair revolutionaries
The title and length suggest a biographical epic, but it's neither biographical nor epic. It's as if the director, Steven Soderbergh, wanted to take tissue samples of Ernesto 'Che' Guevara's political life.
Close, but no (Cuban) cigar.
Through it all, the title character is scarcely delineated. The guy who for many of us is a scowling face on a T-shirt worn by student radicals remains that way.
Hugely watchable, practically mesmerizing.
"Che" is a taut thriller, a fascinating character study, a pitiless black comedy, and one of the most singularly interesting biopics ever made.
It's a fight with your bladder and attention span worth waging.
A riveting invocation of history.
A potentially great title-role performance by Benicio Del Toro, which won him the best actor award at Cannes, is buried beneath Soderbergh's stylistic tics and a defiant lack of dramatic tension.
One thing's for certain: whether it's a meditation on guerrilla warfare, on Che or on moviemaking itself, you've seen nothing like it and are unlikely to ever again.
In releasing this reverent, meticulous, fascinating but flaccid history in two lengthy parts, Soderbergh committed perhaps the greatest sin of all. He made Che boring.
Che offers a long look at a man who gave up comfort and power in Cuba for a lot of suffering in the wilds of Bolivia.
[E]xists as a matter of Guevara's perspective. Soderbergh and Del Toro -- this truly is a tour de force performance -- puts us so totally into his head that it's impossible not to sympathize with him.
The director has approached his subject as the complicated human being he was in life, not the overblown symbol he has become since his death.
Una mirada digna y humanizada (si bien un poco idealista) al proceso revolucionario del Ché Guevara en Cuba. Lo mejor: la convincente labor protagónica de Benicio Del Toro.
I found this four-hours-plus movie sheer torture to watch during most of its long running time. 'Che' seems more like a guerilla handbook than a film.
As absorbing as it is frustrating.
Che, the story of a failed revolutionary, also fails as a film.
In the end Che isn't really about a hero or a man; it's about the mechanics of guerrilla warfare, the day-to-day workings of an insurgency.
... a revelation, an enlightening analysis of a man whose devotion to a political movement defined his life.
A revolutionary procedural.
It's hard to know which scene, where the men are tired, hungry and ill-equipped, is more or less important than the others.
I do respect Steven Soderberg for taking on this film and giving us a great part one and for Del Toro's performance alone.
You can smell the gun smoke and taste the cigars.
The film's last chapter is arid yet breathtaking cinema, marked by despairing visuals and a climax that withers, not winds, to a close.
If Soderbergh's ambition was to make us feel just how dull it would be to a woods-dwelling communist guerrilla, he succeeded.
In so many ways, Soderbergh's film does the right things, usually by omission. Why, then, does it feel slightly wrong?
Both a subtle commentary on failed political ideals and an amazingly detailed character piece, Che is like no movie you've seen in a long time. It's one of the best of 2008.
If Soderbergh's goal was to demystify Che Guevera and de-romanticize "revolution," he's succeeded. But unfortunately the result is a film that is just not very compelling.
The factors that energize Part One are notably missing in Part Two...the epic project seems destined to fade quickly, footnoted as another Soderberghian novelty.
Director Steven Soderbergh's two-part, four-hour Che is part folly and part fulfillment, a methodical if coolly romantic portrait of the most familiar 1960s T-shirt icon outside the peace symbol.
The flick is over four hours long and almost feels like you are watching trees grow. What makes it tolerable is Del Toro's dead on performance of an international icon.
It is possible to respect, even enjoy this film and still yearn heartily for it to end. Che is a test of endurance as rewarding as it is fatiguing.
This is a film that, much like its subject, is a flawed and fascinating work whose ultimate power is derived less from the ideas of the man at its center than by his intense charisma, supplied here by an amazing central performance from Benicio del Toro.
Soderbergh photographs the films himself (under the credit Peter Andrews) in widescreen and lush color, shooting in long, deliberate takes that soak in the textures of the experience and the sense of time passing.
A four-hour, two-part epic that brings out Soderbergh's weakness for stylistic doodling, which sometimes strangles his material.
With Benicio Del Toro delivering a fiercely indrawn and mesmerizing performance in the title role, Che is neither a hagiography nor a superficial character sketch.
A richly detailed but emotionally blank account of Guevara's life.
Benicio Del Toro, one of the film's producers, gives a heroic performance, not least because it's self-effacing.
Soderbergh uses the script, by Peter Buchman...and his own artistic camerawork to give the film an appropriate documentary feel, much like Traffic.
For all the movie's narrative momentum, Che retains the air of a study exercise -- of an interest brilliantly explored. How else to explain one's total flatness of feeling at the climax of each movie?
Tedious, overlong and self-indulgent.
...an uncomfortable mix of war procedural and unabashed hero worship; ingenious but flawed.
the curative to the Hollywood biopic formula
It is worth seeing for its attention to visual detail and ambitious filmmaking, but as a psychological portrait of a compelling historical figure, it is oddly bland and unrevealing.
While Soderbergh and screenwriter Peter Buchman are ill-equipped to explain the Marxist motivations that drove Che Guevara to martyrdom, their film is an honest attempt to come to grips with a revolutionary despised in the mainstream media.
This isn't a biography -- it's a nature show where Guevara is the lion.
While it certainly takes its time to arrive at a destination of fate, The Argentine is worth the energy invested.
He's made a film that embraces the romance of revolution only to shake it off, leaving very little in its place.
If there was any hint of a devil to Che Guevara, you won't find him in Soderbergh's intricately documented details.
Part One of Soderbergh's Che epic dismantles the clichés and myths to craft a dream-like if frustrating essay on the heroism and the claustrophobia of war, perfectly centred by a compelling star performance.
It's not a Hollywood-style movie - it demands patience and proper attention - but it's a great movie, and rewards magnificently.
Che: Part One is the first half of a long movie rather than a satisfying screen experience in its own right, and should clearly be approached as such.
While Soderbergh is not entirely in thrall to the legend of Che, this is not the most critical of portraits.
It is far from being a biopic, more a cinematic extrapolation of Che's iconic status, and by that token it may exasperate some. Others will be engrossed by this flawed, sprawling, intriguing movie.
Soderbergh directs like a tactician at the map-table, ever assessing the importance of the next ridge. This is of some interest, but he has overthought it, and muddled the importance of Che himself, who cuts an aloof and reproving figure.
There's no spark or fire or passion - just a series of episodic military operations unfolding with only the odd minor reverse to spoil the party and Che going through several changes of facial ware.
Committed and commanding, slow but stealthy, political and powerful: details are omitted, but Che still sees Soderbergh flexing fierce focus and control, while Del Toro leads with tact and muscle. The full four-hour flick grips; two hours'll fly by, easy.
A strong early candidate for the most agonisingly tedious film of 2009.
Soderbergh keeps the story straightforward and subdued, rather than layering in the action and the drama. At times it even gets a bit dull.
We get a jumbled mess where moments of glory are overrun by suicidal editing. The major territorial gains include Benicio Del Toro, who is magnificent as Che - a mixture of intellectual reserve and twinkling charm.
Che is a heroic guerrilla project in its way. It's just that these guerrillas get lost in a mist of opaque purpose and ill-defined movie mission.
For all the drama that surrounded them, Soderbergh never gets under the skin of either Che Guevara or Fidel Castro. We can only hope that the psychological dimensions will be illuminated in the next part.
If you discover a lot about the process and progress of the revolution, this is definitely not the cultural hero of myth, breathtakingly bathed in revolutionary light.
Superbly directed, intriguingly non-traditional biopic with a terrific central performance from Benicio Del Toro.
This film has a striking structure and powerful performances that bring the story to life and add provocative modern-day parallels.
Yet, much like Warren Beatty's Reds this is an epic that is more about the size and the scope of the prize the central figures are fighting for than it is the personal motivations that urged them on to try and do it.
The pity is [Soderbergh] was seduced by a sense of historical self-importance and forgot about his audience.
These are films that are certainly thought out clearly but not nearly felt enough.
Its piecemeal character, lack of shading and lugubrious pace leave it not just incomplete but, despite the length, surprisingly shallow.
Formally, it demonstrates the power of the aspect ratio in deciding our relationship to the story. Dramatically, the film is at once fascinating and completely annoying
Benicio del Toro looks the part, but Soderbergh does little to flesh out his other characters. Just following what is happening is hard work.
Less the story of a man than the story of the actions he performs... It's hard to imagine a fuller version of what creating the Cuban Revolution must have looked like.
The whole movie is a forced march.
The emphasis on the brotherhood of the ragtag rebels wouldn't be out of place in a 1940s war film
Che Guevara, it seems, shall ever be a symbol, and Che doesn't even seem interested in cracking that, thus leaving us no more enlightened than when we stepped in.
This biopic of Ernesto Che Guevara starring Benicio Del Toro may have pretensions to be Lawrence of Arabia but, at least in its second half, it's more like Che of the Bolivian Jungle.
Soderbergh's eye for detail builds over time, until the film becomes as layered as some richly leaf-carpeted jungle floor.
Meet Che Guevara. Just think of him as Jesus plus Abraham Lincoln with a touch of Moses and Dr. Doug Ross.
You couldn't ask for a more committed and demanding performance than this one. But there is a richer one that eluded Del Toro. And boy, does that lack of character dimension make this thing an endurance test.
Mr. Soderbergh once again offers a master class in filmmaking. As history, though, Che is finally not epic but romance. It takes great care to be true to the factual record, but it is, nonetheless, a fairy tale.
The first thing Steven Soderbergh's four-hour epic biopic does is to sidestep anything you might expect from a four-hour biopic.
Rather infuriatingly, he completely skips over the most controversial era in Guevara's life -- when he was in power.
In both halves, Soderbergh emphasizes observation over ideology with an eye toward the mundane details of life on the front lines of a revolution.
Movie Che is a towering idealist who just keeps on coming, but he lacks any sense of character. He is heartless, all computer chips and wires inside. He's the Revolutionator.
Out-perversing Gus Van Sant's Milk, Soderbergh makes a four-hour-plus biopic about a historical figure without providing a glimmer of charm or narrative coherence.
It never gets over being as dry as a Communist manifesto.
Enduring over four hours of Guevara wandering in the jungle will leave audiences more fatigued than enlightened.
Che is by no means a breezy sit, but no matter what your politics, it's a bracing tonic in a season of flaccid Oscar bait.
An epic life becomes an epic movie in Steven Soderbergh's brilliant four-hour-plus look at two chapters in the life of revolutionary Ernesto 'Che' Guevara.
It's not an elegant piece of filmmaking.
Soderbergh's most ambitious film to date.
A measure of the movie's strength and weakness is its reliance on Del Toro's charisma in the central role.
Bad biographical dramas try to tell you everything about a person's life; good biographical dramas leave you inspired to find out the things not on-screen. Che is, by that yardstick, a very good biographical drama.
A lengthy and complex portrait of Che as a revolutionary, a leader of a guerilla band, a doctor, a believer in obedience and loyalty, and a man willing to suffer for his beliefs.
'Che' fails to image a being of flesh who elicits empathy.
...undoubtedly possesses the feel of an overlong and distinctly self-indulgent piece of work...
A strikingly constructed, handsomely HD-filmed museum display piece.
Soderbergh's Che is a visually-striking ode to guerrilla warfare and revolutionary zeal but as a character study, his complicated protagonist still remains an enigma.
The film marches along at its own disinterested pace, rarely explaining which moments might be important than others or even the roles of some key characters.
As if watching a gaggle of mountaineers indifferently scale K2.
Che may be an extremely accurate portrait of Guevara's life, but truly epic works of cinema have more on the agenda than the literal translation of life. Can this be said of Che? No.
Too emotionally dry to embrace but too ingenious to dismiss, Che is a fascinating, problematic film.
It is art, in the very best way. And Soderbergh's achievement as an artist is undeniable.
A demanding work of cinematic structuralism that eschews most of the conventions of both the war film and the biopic.
All in all, it's a highly worthwhile, professionally accomplished project, but in its obsessive devotion to precise documentation, the film forgets to inspire.
This is very much a film of ideas.
Commendable in political details, the problem with Soderbergh's tale is not its epic length (260 minutes) but its uneven script and lack of discernible POV, but the film deserves credit for taking risks, for its ambition.
Unfortunately, Che doesn't feel epic -- just long.




@highlight

Though lengthy and at times plodding, Soderbergh's vision and Benicio Del Toro's understated performance ensure that Che always fascinates.