Its a cheek-clenchingly tense waiting game that Sampson plays perfectly ...
Those inhabiting the drama might be stereotypical stock characters, but they each have enough depth to prevent their actions from being forgettable.
A face-achingly hilarious and literally gut-wrenching indie debut.
This gritty, claustrophobic film will not be to everyone's taste -- and if I say that phrase also has a double meaning, you have a hint of just how gross Ray's week gets before it's over.
Angus Sampson co-directs and stars in the most unglamorous vanity project of recent memory... A slickly-produced black comedy.
What should not be overlooked is the consistent strength, cunning conviction and clever execution of the movie.
An excremental but hardly execrable Australian comedy-drama that plays like the klutzy, sheets-soiling stepbrother of "Maria Full of Grace."
The film is surprisingly tender, much less a rude comedy than a loving evocation of the Aussie character in the early 80s.
Some of it is extremely disgusting and they seemed to revel in that aspect of it.
Savvy, funny, and at times vicious.
Filled with promise from the opening minutes, with each succeeding sixty seconds, "The Mule" deflates, emptying what little there was inside and lets it circle the bowl.
To make a feature where evidence of diarrhea is a critical part of the plot? That's a real creative accomplishment.
The Mule is not perfect, and it sure isn't pretty, but it has a wildly original premise for a thriller, and that's enough to make it kind of a gas.
Well-made and smarter than it first seems, The Mule deserves to find its audience at the home box office. But they won't want dinner afterwards.
Fresh, original movies like The Mule come from the least likely places (if you've seen the film's trailer).
After a slowish start, The Mule kicks into gear. It's a fiendishly smart and entertaining comedy entirely predicated on the idea of somebody not wanting to go to the loo.
Credit the filmmakers for making this unusual inaction movie as lively as it can possibly be, given a protagonist who's determined to do nothing.
It doesn't integrate the humour and violence as seamlessly as Angus Sampson's other recent work like 100 Bloody Acres.
The Mule may make you throw up; in a good way.
The Mule proves a tough sit, but by the end you might be satisfied you gritted through it.
There's something deliciously twisted about watching cops, crims, judges and lawyers all awaiting the outcome of a single, stubborn s***.
While the film suffers from its own occasional sluggishness, it picks up as the lawmen watching our hero grow as strained as he is.
A darkly amusing Australian comedy that deftly dwells on some of the more unpleasant physical side effects of being a drug smuggler.
There's a very tricky tone that the entire movie navigates carefully, sometimes funny, sometimes filthy, sometimes genuinely scary.
A strong undercurrent of Aussie black humour helps make this revolting story just about palatable, although the solid cast struggles to make the idiotic characters very likeable.
The performances are the Crown Jewels in this otherwise lackluster film, notably the veterans Hugo Weaving as a world weary detective who bends the rules and Noni Hazlehurst as Ray's doting mum
Dark, dangerous and a somewhat daft drug smuggling dramedy with a deeply disgusting digestive tract element
Sharply written with some great dialogue and a magnificent and captivating performance from lead Angus Sampson.
A violently funny comedy and shockingly effective - and at times, gleefully nauseating - thriller.

@highlight

Smarter than its scatological premise might suggest, The Mule offers solidly explosive laughs for fans of dark comedy.