At its core, Girl in Progress is an endearing mother-daughter portrait reminiscent of Cristina and Flor in Spanglish that is a little bit Gilmore Girls, mixed with a dash of Mermaids.
Teen comedy-drama Girl in Progress is too self-consciously quirky for its own good, but Cierra Ramirez brims with sparky charm.
Girl In Progress does have potential but unfortunately it gives into the stereotypes of many female Spanish characters.
a pleasant surprise
... as amateurish as a second-rate, high-school drama club.
As rites of passage go, Girl in Progress is a step backward for the genre.
Contrived and cliche-filled, culminating in a predictable conclusion.
Less a misfire than a missed opportunity, Girl In Progress squanders its time in high school, neglecting the mother-daughter story that forms its more interesting core.
Any attempt to provide insight into various real-life issues, such as teenage rebellion or the perils of single motherhood, is compromised by the film's predicable reliance on feel-good sentimentality.
It wants audiences to know it's in on the joke though it's not always apparent that there even is a joke in the first place.
Progress acknowledges clichés but has little interest in actually subverting them, instead growing more predictable and sentimental as it goes along.
Coming-of-age story cautions against forcing adulthood.
Coming-of-age tale has a lot of appealing elements which help counteract its weaknesses.
It never gives us a character we truly care about, or a consistent reason for watching.
While Girl In Progress isn't a bad film, it just isn't good enough to really say anything all that meaningful about the task of becoming an adult in a challenging world.
What is this movie? Is it meant to be heartwarming? Funny? Satirical? Moving?
Girl in Progress is an old story about a young girl told in a smart way, and that's something you don't see every day, no matter how many times you think you've seen it before.
Girl in Progress seems like a work in progress.
The direction ... doesn't do justice to the fairly novel concept of a young woman consciously constructing her own coming-of-age scenario.
A comedy-drama that veers between silly and serious but can't reconcile the opposing tones.
Smart girls do stupid things, there's no doubt about it. But Ansiedad's bad behavior is supposed to be both faux and earnest, a premise that doesn't jell.
Even in all its movie-cuteness, Girl in Progress keeps its feet on the ground just enough to keep you watching.
Earnest but forced, [it] has its heart in the right place, but is conspicuously short on brain power.
Does it pull out all the melodramatic stops toward the end? Does it resolve its many climactic crises too neatly and too sweetly? Yes on both counts. But, then again, what did you expect?
A well-done, conscientious and funny little film that recalls "Clueless," only with more heart.
It plays with the idea that all rebellion is in some sense performed and makes a caricature out of the immature, attention-hungry mother, but it never liberates its characters from their molds.
This family melodrama is not effective as a star vehicle for the beautiful Eva Mendes, or as a coming of age in the particular context of Hispanic culture.
The mystery of Eva Mendes' slow-simmering career continues.
Well-intentioned discussion points for Mother's Day.
Can a single tone-deaf, wince-inducing joke, even one that's repeated, kill a movie? No. Not a good film. But a marginal one that has trouble finding its tone? Let's just say wisecracks about spouse abuse don't help this one.
The lack of connective tissue and more explicitly drawn parallels between the storylines drags the pic down to the level of a basic TV series.
Attention, women! You should never sleep with a man whose only attribute is that you want to sleep with him. I should write a book of my own.
This inauthentic teen tale, with its cosmetically softened edges, serves neither the young people nor the Mendes fans for whom it might be intended.
This is being marketed as an ideal film for moms and daughters to see together on Mother's Day weekend. A long, awkward brunch sounds more fun -- and more truthful.
A corny, overwritten movie made by a director with nothing to say.
... when Girl in Progress works, it's a thoughtful trip -- no matter how broad some of its missteps are...
Unconvincing, flawed matriarch Mendes and junior showboat Ramirez appear to be acting in entirely different movies.
There's little to complain about here, but there's also little to cheer about. Benignly enjoyable during viewing, the production ultimately takes too few risks.
Riggen's lethargic direction, which favors a monotonous procession of static, centrally framed compositions, doesn't help matters in the slightest.
A plot with a far too self-conscious main character functioning more as tour guide than dramatically spontaneous protagonist. And a narrative running on a perpetually pouting young teen's social calendar checklist, dragging its way to the finish line.
Mendes is appealing as the childlike Grace and Ramirez shows real promise as the serious-minded Ansiedad.
The movie goes soft. But it has the unpretentious energy and charm of a good YA girls' novel.
A deconstructionist take on the teenaged coming-of-age story, director Patricia Riggen's fair adaptation of Hiram Martinez's screenplay makes bold commentary on immigrant culture and values in America.
Girl in Progress operates like a training-wheels melodrama for genre-uneducated tweens.

@highlight

Despite a well-intentioned and novel premise, Girl in Progress is plagued by jarring tonal shifts and does little to break its characters out of cliché.