A ridiculous biopic of the great Spanish artist.
Intense historical epic is for adults only.
Cumbersome and often stilted, Goya's Ghosts remains a worthy drama
Goya, aqui, é o coadjuvante de luxo de uma história que não faz jus nem mesmo aos seus protagonistas.
A storyline that turns so silly, you half-expect Mel Brooks to show up reprising his "Inquisition" musical number from History of the World Part I.
Goya gets lost as the filmmakers turn Spanish history into a chronicle of easy contemporary targets. They don't just hit the social-political bull's-eye -- they obliterate it with a cannon and inadvertently scorch the dramatic landscape all around it.
Captures the essence of the period -- an intriguing, backward era in Spain -- but without the emotional impact that such a film requires.
Reminds us of the wisdom behind the title of Goya's most famous etching: 'The Sleep of Reason Produces Monsters.'
A disjointed oddity.
Think of it as an Amadeus that doesn't work.
Goya's Ghosts is less about the eponymous painter than it is a gripping two-part story of politics and faith during and after the Spanish Inquisition.
Goya's Ghosts is a smart, darkly funny and deeply pessimistic film. It looks good and features wonderful performances.
Forman ought to have put his film to The Question a little longer before letting it loose on the world.
Goya's Ghosts has ambitious goals that it never fully attains. It proves intermittently fascinating but ultimately disappointing.
What Forman doesn't give us is drama of sure coherence or credibility, but the trappings entrance.
Goya's Ghosts uses the lives of artists and historical figures to show us the best and the worst of our human impulses.
It's a richly seen and felt movie, but not one with a feel-good message.
A modern sensibility afflicts much of the screenplay, with characters expressing thoughts and opinions for our ears rather than acting as people of that era.
More than two decades ago, Forman gave us Amadeus, a portrait of the historical artist that both captured a time and made its people seem real and recognizable. On that second point, the new film falls far short.
A punishing misfire.
Misery, misery, misery.
While there are probably computer-generated backgrounds and armies on screen, the movie still has the feel of an old-fashioned epic.
The film's greatest moments of artistry are in the credits, which feature a breathtaking gallery of the painter's work.
Feels like an unsatisfying outline for a bigger, better fil
he acting is rather good, but only Ms. Portman and Mr. Quaid really shine.
...an involving soap opera with a terrific performance by Natalie Portman.
[Milos] Forman has long wanted to make a movie about the Spanish Inquisition that reflected his own dire experience under Nazi and Communist regimes. This is it. But in realizing his dream, he seems to have lost track of the film's central subject.
Anytime you emerge from the theater praising the scenery more than the scenes, there's a serious problem with the picture.
Wrong, wrong, wrong, every step of the way.
But in the end Goya's Ghosts is a far riskier and more provocative film than others released this summer, less because it targets relevant issues than the fact it refuses to take a stance on them on one side or the other.
Despite some unintentional laughs and the difficulties some actors have with the English language, 'Goya's Ghosts' is worth seeing for the color, the costumes, and an education into the perils of irrationality.
If Forman is trying to communicate that art isn't an effective way to change American society, he's proved his point neatly with this muddled, wandering dud.
The film's seriousness of intent is unimpeachable but the execution borders on farce.
It has grand scale and grand ambitions, and in the midst of our annual silly season at the movies I would like to suggest that, flawed as it is, the film does reward our serious attention.
Ultimately Goya's Ghosts left me wanting to watch Amadeus again, for the pleasure of a story well told.
Rich in color and period detail, the film attempts an epic sprawl it never quite achieves, but the movie is always enjoyable and interesting.
The biggest problem with the movie isn't the actors or even the half-baked script; it is that it never successfully draws one into its world. Watching Goya's Ghosts, one begins to daydream about Michael Palin.
An across-the-board disaster from one of my favorite directors, Milos Forman.
Fascinating ideas do hover, like mournful specters, around the edges of this meticulously detailed movie. But then they disappear, leaving us vaguely sad and unsettled, with nothing solid to grasp.
One of [Forman's] more fanciful [biopics], spinning a historical melodrama around the great Spanish painter Francisco Goya.
An extraordinarily beautiful film that plays almost like an excuse to generate its images.
An overstuffed turkey that's entertaining for all the wrong reasons. It may in fact be the comedy of the summer, a melodramatic folly whose ambitions consistently curdle into camp.
Goya's Ghosts, the new feature from the director Milos Forman, is an unwieldy mix of political satire and lavish period soap opera.
[Forman] merely gives it a high polish, with lots of beautiful costumes, makeup and set designs, hoping that the Academy will remember him once more.
...only captivates when Forman and his production designers echo some of the painter's more famous tableaus.
However, something must have gone terribly wrong on its journey from the page to the screen because the resulting film is perhaps the biggest and most mystifying waste of talent and subject matter since that misbegotten remake of "All The King's Men."
It's a rare misfire for Forman, and it's a doozy of one.
Instead of inflaming passion and inspiration, the film snuffs it out with the sin of being dull.
Goya's Ghosts is Milos Forman's first film since 1999, but you sincerely wish it wasn't. A logy, rambling period piece, it feels about as far away from the spirit of Amadeus as it's possible to get with wigs and britches.
Portman is saddled with the worst role. Ines spends much of her screen time acting blighted and deranged, a condition not improved by Portman's penchant for stage theatrics.
There's an unfortunate tendency in this movie for the forces of history to overtake scenes.
Not a perfect film, but its implications have profound resonance.
Handsome but stilted.
Given the bad buzz that has attended this latest collaboration between director Milos Forman and producer Saul Zaentz -- it's a pleasant surprise to find that Goya's Ghosts is both far from an embarrassment and a generally fine piece of work.
The Spanish Inquisition for people who are more interested in seeing side angles of Natalie Portman naked than a fully-formed document of the past.
Goya's Ghosts...has no clear purpose, no clear message and no clear central character. Like most costume dramas these days, it dwells on the gore, filth and violence of the past -- but toward what end is never apparent.
The problem with Goya's Ghosts lies in its conception of Goya himself, who is depicted as being both a blithe suck-up and embittered moralist.
A prosaic period piece, high-minded and attractively mounted but muddled and turgid.
Nobody expects a Spanish Inquisition!
Goya's Ghosts is such a botch, it left me yearning for a little digital bombast.
Ultimately fails to match the competence of its director.
A lavish what-if but a highly engaging one that should ensnare art-house audiences not too fussy about facts and trashy narrative detours.
The movie is uneven in the extreme, to the extent that it feels like two imperfectly wed pictures. The first, while not extraordinary, at least contains some interesting ideas. The second borders on embarrassing.
Distinctly Goya in its emphasis on the grotesque, it shows none of the Spaniard's artistic economy.
Portman is disappeared, stripped, chained and tortured, raped repeatedly in the Church dungeon and impregnated by the creepy cleric as he forces her to pray nude. Did I mention that the shackled hottie falls in love with him? Move over, Black Snake Moan.
A beautiful disaster of a period picture.
Starts out as a revealing drama about the Inquisition in Spain in 1792 but spins out of control trying to convey the big picture of turmoil in the country 15 years later.
The most disappointing film Milos Forman has made in his rich career, this misguided saga fails to illuminate the famous Spanish painter or the infamous Inquisition; among other flaws, it features the first bad performance from the gifted Natalie Portman
Impressively made, watchable costume drama with strong performances from its three leads, despite the unusual casting.
The whole thing creaks along like an anaemic snail.
It's as dull as the proverbial ditchwater.
Any film that sets its vision of Spain in the era of Inquisition and Napoleon against Goya's needs to have something pretty special to offer; this one doesn't.
Classy cinematography and powerful performances by all.
Close to a disaster.
The idea and presence of Goya himself is somehow off-centre and off-balance throughout this directionless movie.
It's never entirely clear who or what the film is about.
Sumptuously filmed, but so lacking in a central narrative focal point that for all its pretences, Goya's Ghosts succeeds in saying nothing at all.
Despite noteworthy attention to period detail in production and costume design, these are not enough to carry the film's confused plot.
This is a set of footnotes rather than a fully achieved film - but it's so packed with tidbits of interest it can't fail to be intermittently diverting.
click for full review
The cast is rather too eclectic for its own good. These are superior actors, but thrown together like this they all stick out like sore thumbs.
With its riffs on art, its split-in-half story and Goya-esque production design, you can see it reaching for grand ideas about actions and their reverberations, but it merely rumbles on, illuminating neither the artist nor his tumultuous times.
Ambitious script is stranded between entertainment and intellectualism, leaving us with a magnificent folly, thoroughly watchable for its visuals but ultimately hollow.





@highlight

Ornate costumes and a talented cast can't make up for Ghosts ' glacial pace and confused plot.