The film is poetic, quiet, introverted, personal.
Godard abandoned the conventions of narrative cinema and adopted a loose picaresque format around which he could arrange subversive generic tropes, poetic digressions, political ideas and comic-book escapades.
There's cool and then there's Jean-Paul Belmondo. No one ever made being bored look so exciting, and the effortlessly graceful and impossibly hip actor gave the mid-'60s nouvelle vague a needed macho punch.
Few would deny that Pierrot Le Fou is [Godard's] most innovative, iconoclast, and subversive film to date.
The melodramatic sluice-of-life interludes are what ultimately swamp the film's modest blend of whimsy and melancholy.
Of the Godardian '60s, this effervescent, self-mocking, effortlessly iconic masterpiece may be the filmmaker's quintessential work.
As with many other Godard films, I didn't like Pierrot le Fou the first time I saw it, but it stuck with me, and months later, I couldn't wait to see it again. Now I believe it's a masterpiece.
Pierrot is a self conscious mash up of every movie genre that Godard loves, of every movie he has made, of all the artistic references (music, painting, literature) that have influenced or affected him
An idiosyncratic work by a filmmaker trotting out his obsessions of the moment and committing them to film without much regard for actual meaning.
And then theres the color. As much as anything, "Pierrot" is a film about red and blue, as well as a little bit of yellow and green.
Theirs is, in their own words, 'A story,' 'All mixed up,' and their self-construction mimics that of their true Creator, the ever-experimental auteur Jean-Luc Godard. [Blu-ray]
At its worst, in some of its improvised rambles, it demonstrates the value of a well-thought-out screenplay. At its exhilarating and poignant best, it proves that a film can play all sorts of postmodern games yet still touch its viewers' emotions.
This sparkling, anarchic 1965 thriller is vintage Godard.
A wild-eyed, everything-in-the-pot cross-processing of artistic, cinematic, political and personal concerns, where the story stutters, splinters and infuriates its way to an explosive finale.
An eye-poppingly vivid exercise in genre-busting filmmaking. Here is one of the most persistently intriguing directors of the 1960s at his most watchable and entertaining.
Godard opens up his box of tricks and tips it all over the screen in a flurry of improvised, postmodernism that takes scattergun shots at consumerism, cultural imperialism and the Vietnam and Algerian wars.
Engaging and beguiling - perhaps in spite of itself - and a vital part of film history.
Godard and his great cinematographer, Raoul Coutard, translate the ideas into some of the most visually exuberant French cinema of the Sixties.
Beautifully photographed, the film is something of a curiosity. It may be a little hard to fathom from time to time, but it never ceases to fascinate.
At times infuriatingly indulgent but is also an intoxicating, wildly inventive picaresque fantasy.
Pierrot is a mess, no matter how many times you see it, but it's a brilliant mess. Death of love, (re)birth of cinema.
Pierrot Le Fou was [Godard's] way of wrapping up the past before stepping forward into his next phase of overtly political filmmaking -- a magnificent mash-up before the manifestos to come
... plays like Godard's formal farewell to his past films, a last play with his old toys before putting them into storage and moving on to more serious concerns
It's one of Pierrot's unique charms that Godard doesn't regard Ferdinand and Marianne's situation with emphatic mockery or inordinate reverence.
Pierrot le Fou is a movie in love with movies, but mostly it's a movie in love with itself.
... endlessly charming and entertaining ...
Provencal scenery is pretty, the movie-star chemistry is potent and Karina (then Mrs. Godard) has never looked more stunning.
So challenging and prolific has been Godard's 53-year career that virtually all of his films are as deserving of revival as Pierrot le Fou.
Made in 1965, this film, with its ravishing colors and beautiful 'Scope camerawork by Raoul Coutard, still looks as iconoclastic and fresh as it did when it belatedly opened in the U.S.
More surprising is how lushly romantic the film seems now -- even the frostiest qualities of the director's volatile aesthetic are warmed by the Riviera sunlight and the presence of Karina at her most beguiling.
The result is repetitive and precious rather than inventive and fresh.
...ultimately nothing more than an infuriatingly vague and utterly pointless piece of work...
Arguably one of the few Godard pictures to have the desired balance of romance, adventure, violence, and humor on one side, and philosophy, literary and cinematic allusion, and Brechtian distancing on the other.
I once wrote of it as "Godard's most virtuoso display of his mastery of Hollywood genres," I now see it more as the story of silly characters who have seen too many Hollywood movies.
Brilliant but disturbing essay on love and a myriad of other things.
Totally bizarre and ultimately without much point -- Godard's message about commercialism is drowned in a sea of oddity.





@highlight

Colorful, subversive, and overall beguiling, Pierrot le Fou is arguably Jean-Luc Godard's quintessential work.