Free Birds, an animated buddy comedy that evokes the daffiness of classic Chuck Jones cartoons, is no turkey.
Free Birds is a funny film.
Free Birds is quite forgettable and generic for your liking. If your kid still insists, let him or her watch it. Meanwhile, you can dream of a scrumptious meal, while taking a short nap in the theatre.
In the end, this freeform history lesson is a flightless foul.
Much of the better comedy is wasted on the younger viewers, with complex historical and cultural references kids just won't get.
Any given scene from Free Birds seems more like a YouTube parody of stupid children's films than a piece of something that real human beings put together with honest artistic intent.
These birds are good to look at, and you can easily get caught up in the characters. But the situation is a bit too much to swallow . . . even for Thanksgiving.
This family-friendly animation gets off to an amusing start but soon flies off into la-la land.
The muddled story and lacklustre animation makes this a film that's strictly for the birds.
Anyone who's seen Chicken Run will wonder why they're not enjoying a well-constructed Aardman animation rather than attempting to make sense of this incoherent transatlantic trifle.
More of a Turkey Twizzler than a sizzler, Free Birds isn't funny enough to leave adults rolling in the aisles, nor does it have a sustained sense of peril to leave children on the edge of their seats.
Ultimately embarrassing and even offensive but has an offbeat premise, some neat characters and plenty of guffaw-worthy gags.
I can't bring myself to say that this film is a you-know-what. Let's just say that there should be no pardon. It deserves to die a death.
The animation is good but the plotting is too slow and unclear.
Surely Owen Wilson can do a lot better than a slipshod animation about time travelling turkeys?
This undercooked cartoon caper about a rogue turkey heading back in time to get his compadres off the menu for the Thanksgiving Day dinner fails to ruffle anything like a feather.
Free Birds lacks the humour, pathos or narrative skill of a proper children's film.
The film does boast an appealing buddy pairing in Wilson and Harrelson, a dash of conceptual originality, and some genuinely funny jokes.
It's weirdly confusing and structurally unsound, though no more so than any film about time travel, including Looper and Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me. It is, however, enjoyable, with some funny lines.
The script is furiously unfunny - in the 17th century part of the story we get a 'my wife's cooking' joke, which certainly feels like it belongs there ...
Disappointing, poorly thought out animated comedy that fails to deliver any decent laughs and is further let down by a slapdash script, some blatant product placement and a miscast Woody Harrelson.
After a brief lesson in American history, British kids will probably have a fine time. And there's just enough double-edged comedy to keep grown-ups from squawking too.
Ultimately, Free Birds is a formulaic piece of cinema, and despite the relatively original idea, it doesn't go anywhere you don't expect it to, with so little risk taken along the way.
Not bootiful.
Even tykes will tell it to get stuffed.
Strange references to the 1970s and a bizarre plot line about time travel stuff 'Free Birds' with a lot of material that's too weird for either little kids or parents to get
Everything wrong with contemporary family filmmaking and mainstream American animation bottled up in 91 minutes of pure market-driven soulless plasticine trash.
Free Birds is not (sorry) a turkey of a film. But it doesn't really soar terribly high either.
A veritable holiday fun fest - for people whose idea of a good time is listening to Owen Wilson scream.
Fancifully festive yet flavorless, it provides perfunctory amusement for very young viewers.
This one is a real turkey.
Just this week's kiddie-flick cash grab. How you'll explain to your tykes why you've stuffed and roasted Reggie in a few weeks is your concern.
Better luck next time, message-poultry and talking space eggs (please, whatever deity controls turkey representation in pop culture, let there not be a next time).
It's not dazzling like the best animated movies these days are. It contains a few laughs, but it's not hilarious. And though the characters are likable enough, it's unlikely you'll want to remember them and buy their toys at Christmastime.
The goal seems to be keeping the pace as fast as possible and filling every frame with slapstick action and quick-hitting jokes so the target audience doesn't become distracted.
It takes real dumb clucks to breed poultry this paltry. In fact, I'm not even sure if it's real meat. It's more like soggy, leftover tofu. But whatever it is, it's certainly not well done.
Had Free Birds been made as a special movie to run on the Cartoon Network, it might have been more acceptable.
Free Birds has neither the heart nor the necessary spark of artistic madness, to make up for its perfunctory story design.
Clever idea turns bland in turkey-focused holiday fare.
A lot of agreeable kookiness compensates for the ramshackle script in this tale of turkeys traveling back in time to prevent becoming an essential part of Thanksgiving dinner.
Free Birds not only rediscovers the giddy joy of being truly silly, it's confident enough to make us laugh without resorting to regurgitated pop-culture references or grownup double-entendres.
Bad history is a meaningless criticism to lob at an animated film, but the film really has no other outstanding attributes. This one is just for the kids.
Kids were laughing every minute at these birds and adults will appreciate the select moments of grown up humor.
The movie's animal rights, vegetarian message should go down easily with politically correct parents - at least until they choke on the offensive depiction of 17th-century turkeys as face-painted, headband-wearing native Americans.
There are some good gags, the cast is incredibly likable and, most importantly, it held my kids' attention the entire time.
...an entertaining animated offering that is not only themed to Thanksgiving, but will especially appeal to vegans and vegetarians.
Everything about "Free Birds" feels perfunctory, from its generic title and holiday setting to its starry voice cast and undistinguished use of 3-D.
A stale turkey hash that heaves a lot of ingredients in the oven but never turns on the gas, a frantic attempt to come up with an animated film built around Thanksgiving Day traditions.
At no time in the movie was I on the side of the main bird characters. And at no time did I logically believe this movie. Yup, you guessed it, folks. This one's a turkey! (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
Perhaps the best that can be said of "Free Birds" is that it makes the turkey the hero of Thanksgiving once again. It's just too bad that the film is written as though viewers have only bird brains.
What a weird little movie this is.
Poppy and entertaining, this computer-animated jaunt is mighty irreverent, a tonal cousin to the "Shrek" series in the way it appeals to grown-ups privy to all the slyly acerbic jokes going over the younger audience members' heads.
A forgettable - and occasionally borderline offensive - animated tale of turkeys trying to take back Thanksgiving.
All sidekicks and sight gags, with little story cohesion or purpose.
The concept is inane, and the execution is manic and unoriginal.
While what may be the first-ever major Thanksgiving-themed animated feature is fun for kids and witty enough for some adult giggles, I was slightly underwhelmed.
Free Birds - the first feature-length effort from animation studio Reel FX - is as diverting as it is derivative, like a colourful newborn turkey hatched from better animated offerings.
one DOA duck... or turkey
I think this may be the worst idea for a movie intended for children I have heard since the one about the kid bank robber.
Like the ungainly avian creatures at the center of the herky-jerky adventure, this 'toon seldom gets off the ground.
The turducken of animated comedies.
Watching this film...is like getting a hearty dose of L-tryptophan.
Finally, there's a movie vegetarian parents can enjoy with their impressionable offspring.
It isn't cute. It isn't really funny. It just kind of is.
It's not that the filmmakers were just mailing it in...But you can't just force inspiration, or creativity, or a sense of humor. They're either there or they aren't. Too often in Free Birds, they aren't.
A welcome foray into underexploited territory, conceptually at least.
There's no way to cover up what this movie is: a turkey.
Utterly mediocre. It probably won't be long before it goes the way of the dodo.
A seasonally pegged 3D cartoon bore that sets the bar so low, it could give a slug a concussion.
Free Birds is unappealingly staged and paced with an uneven sluggishness. It begs the question: since things always seem to be happening, why is it all so crushingly dull?
A solid premiere effort that shows Reel FX's potential to produce quality full-length animation. But the story-line, with its hypothetical constituents, seems a little desperate at times, even for a kiddie film.
This cheerfully gonzo kid flick. It's no masterpiece, but if you're hoping for a family film that will keep everyone reasonably entertained, this will fly.
The film is absent of humor and thrills, and accented with designs and color schemes that are equally notable for their lack of risk.
The film puts a premium on loud, effects-driven action that mistakes nonstop intensity for cartoony entertainment. Without the anthropomorphic turkeys, there's no substantial tonal difference between Free Birds and another G.I. Joe sequel.
A film that was probably close to completion before anyone involved realized they were portraying a fight between turkeys and English settlers as the largest conflict in the European colonization of North America.
It's simply a sloppy, unlikable picture, missing its madcap, time-jumping intentions by a country mile.
Warning: Contains tryptophan.
Frozen, undercooked and sorely lacking much in the way of "all the trimmings," this turkey isn't ready to serve.
Free Birds should get stuffed.
Likable and amusing, if slight.
Often, you can point to a middling animated film's visuals as its saving grace. But this colonial world, which should feel like an expansive autumnal panorama, feels oddly inert and two-dimensional.
A more than worthy (and weird) holiday diversion for the whole family.
Like so many modern animated features, Free Birds packs too much in; the picture feels cramped and cluttered, and, despite its occasionally manic action, it moves as slowly as a fattened bird waddling toward its doom.
Even setting aside the film's disregard for time-travel paradoxes and genocide metaphors -- trust me, you don't want to wade into either of those -- Free Birds just isn't funny.
This seemingly innocuous toon fantasy becomes another noxious-but-sanitized exercise in family-friendly cultural insensitivity.

@highlight

Technically proficient yet creatively moribund, Free Birds begs unfortunate comparisons with the dim-witted fowl that inspired it.