Stuck is not only the most entertaining horror flick to hit North American theatres this year, it's arguably the top Canadian shocker of all time.
Darkly funny morality tale for mature gore lovers.
A compact, lurid tabloid item that blows the lid off mundane human insensitivity
You could see it all as a darkly bizarre tale that just might be true
It's a shaggy-dog story that spirals into garage Grand Guignol, with Suvari and Rea well-matched in uneasy roles.
Gordon has directed drama, such as Mamet's 'Edmond', but also visceral horror movies like 'Re-Animator'. Elements of both are evident in this taut psychological thriller.
Stuck is disturbing in all the right ways, turning an incredible real-life story of human callousness and suffering into a tawdry entertainment that makes guffawing, sociopathic rubbernecks of us all.
Stuart Gordon's low-budget thriller is so compellingly perverse that it transcends its humble premise.
With a little more ingenuity, a few more evilly funny lines and a more interestingly written role for its female lead, this could have been a minor cult classic.
While it'll certainly make you wince, Gordon's slapsticky execution and misguided injections of humour serve only to bleed the situation of suspense. What emerges is not so much horror as a grisly farce.
Uninspired by a true story, the first 20 minutes before the collision are entertaining but, after metal hits flesh, you can almost hear the premise creaking as it's stretched to feature length, resulting in some of the dullest moments I can remember.
Bizarre film that remains watchable thanks to strong performances and a decent script, though the tone veers wildly from black comedy to violent thriller via thinly-disguised social commentary and the film never quite comes together as a result.
disturbing in all the right ways, turning an incredible real-life story of human callousness and suffering into a tawdry entertainment that makes guffawing, sociopathic rubbernecks of us all.
As the title of this splatter comedy by writer-director Stuart Gordon indicates, he's like a bug stuck to her windshield, and that's about the level of humanity and insight one can expect here.
Gordon hits the proverbial ball not only directly out of the park, but also through the windshield of a ... well, maybe I should just start from the beginning.
It's a grueling little noirish thriller with slasher-worthy gore.
A simultaneously grisly and magnificent thriller about Tom Bardo (Stephen Rea), a homeless man who gets stuck in a car windshield after a hit-and-run accident.
A fresh and rewarding take on cinematic terror.
Stuck gives a boost to the dramatic elements of the story, while preserving the stern lesson about a society crumbling under the weight of self-interest and moral decay.
It makes for a taut little horror story, in which the 'monster' is not identifiable by horns or fangs.
You might hope for fiction to bring insight to senseless cruelty, rather than augment the ignominy of the original crime.
Director Stuart Gordon has insightfully shown the humorous side to a very un-humorous--even heinous--story of our fellow citizens behaving at their absolute worst.
Stuck lost me the moment it started going for cheap laughs. Are we really meant to snicker at his suffering and at this awful, awful woman?
"Stuck" does what any good B movie should, working its way under your skin with a mix of gory jolts and outrageous humor, while cutting uncomfortably close to the bone in its look at how people really behave under pressure.
Gordon's fantastic finale is immensely satisfying, more than compensating for the prior weaknesses.
There's no shortage of scenes that you'll watch through your fingers, groaning -- but you'll watch all the same.
A black-hearted ripped-from-the-headlines number that looks and feels like it could have walked out a '70s grind house just yesterday.
A splatter flick that stays a splatter flick. In spite of some glimpses of genius, this film never strays far enough from the genre into potentially promising moral territory.
...will attract the Stuart Gordon fans and those familiar with the real events that made national news back in 2001.
Screenwriter John Strysik could have written the script for Stuck on Post-Its. It slaps endless reminders of social significance over the fictionalized case of a female driver who hit a pedestrian and left him snagged and disabled in her windshield.
Stuart ("Re-Animator") Gordon's murky misuse of Mena Suvari and Stephen Rea makes John Carpenter movies look like Art.
Gordon is a masterful storyteller when he's clicking on all cylinders. It's his best film in years.
Director Stuart Gordon ripped the 2001 story of Chante Mallard from the headlines and has fashioned a startling morality play while serving his fan base with blackly humorous, squirm inducing gore.
The movie's tone shifts all over the place until it's such a blur you're not sure which parts are working and which aren't.
Even though it may seem a long haul at just 85 minutes, it pays off by the time things finally start spiraling into hell.
Unlike the worthless torture porn that is destroying the genre, Stuck is a horror movie with a reason for being.
Stuck is a shot at making a cult film that doesn't quite come off, which is too bad because Gordon is an intriguing filmmaker whose work is worth a look.
Unfortunately, the film loses its merciless rage toward the end, devolving into a stock and broadly comic thriller about unpleasant people you never quite get to know.
Deliciously twisted and divinely ill, Stuck does everything a good horror movie should: It contrasts the insane and the mundane, it reflects the social condition, and it offers jolt after jolt of gory surprise.
Remarkably, Gordon has fashioned a moody, minor masterpiece that eloquently speaks to both the bloody body politic and the creeping, creepy American mindset that whispers, 'If we ignore it, maybe it will go away'.
This is one of those movies were you laugh nervously, twitching wildly in your seat in uncomfortable queasiness yet still unable to take your eyes off of the things appallingly playing themselves out up on the screen.
Veteran director Stuart Gordon guts us with dark satire and twists the knife...[this] horror fable is enough to make weary gorehounds sit up at attention.
A bitterly funny and genuinely angry portrait of a contemporary culture that has become so debased and selfish that it has become easier to refuse to aid a dying person for fear that it might inconvenience your own life in some way.
Gordon gets the balance of gratuitous gore, suspense and humor just right.
It ain't pretty. It does, however, manage to achieve a kind of grisly pull that goes beyond mere exploitation.
A quick and nasty social satire that comes with the 'inspired by a true story' avowal, Stuck melds horror and humor as it offers a literally lacerating portrait of humankind at its worst.
Stuck finds [director Stuart Gordon] reaching new heights (or depths) of offense, with some very graphic gore and other particularly exploitative material.
The question is why the time, talent and treasure of such energetic and even gifted artists have been marshaled in such a disgusting and trivial genre exercise and what viewers are supposed to get out of it. Isn't life hard enough?
Not reporting a man stuck in your windshield because you realize you were wasted: logical. Not believing it was your fault: priceless.
Whether it's worth the price of a ticket is a matter of individual taste and whether there's sufficient interest in the premise to excuse the hit-and-miss execution.
Gordon's inventions — vivid, gruesome and occasionally quite funny — offer a just-deserts ending and make both characters surprisingly active participants in their fates.
The year is half over, so it's not too soon to pick 2008's worst film and Stuck is a definite contender.
Quite happily politically incorrect, Stuck pins everyone, including viewers.
The first few scenes of Stuck are rigorous, assured, and full of promise, which makes the film's subsequent devolvement into empty-headed slasher terrain all the more distressing.
Grandiose claims have been made in some quarters for this nasty, economical little film, but it does what it sets out to do pretty well.
Stuart Gordon, the mostly under-the-radar director of Re-Animator, pops back into view with this amusing trifle -- a piece of scuzzy tabloid noir.
To describe this as 'bleak' and 'brutal' is an understatement.
It's well-acted, suspenseful and has funny sex and drugs stuff, too. Gordon, who co-wrote with fellow Chicagoan John Strysik, based Stuck on a true incident, which makes it even more enjoyable in a sick kind of way.
A taut drama that manages to be thoughtful without forgetting it's a creep-out.
Stuart Gordon's gorily amusing Stuck is essentially a B-movie with a single joke, albeit a pretty good -- if admittedly sick -- one.
Odd as it may sound given the subject matter, it's also surprisingly funny.
The over-the-top tale becomes a tense and unsettling duel. This is not enjoyable entertainment, but it is brutally watchable. Writer/director Stuart Gordon seeks to expose our uncaring, self-absorbed society and also the unflagging will to live.
Stuart Gordon (Re-Animator) turns this grim item from the stranger-than-fiction file into a provocative thriller in which horror and suspense collide with biting social commentary.
Stuck, while not strictly a horror film, is steeped in gore and carries a seam of mocking gallows humor as relentless as that of Sweeney Todd.
Gordon's black comedy has a gratifyingly grindhouse finish.
Although I had to cover my eyes at least a half-dozen times, the movie is altogether gripping, possibly Gordon's best since the '80s.
It's an energetic B-movie with pulpy magnetism. Think of it as slapstick social realism.
Gordon's best film since his ineffable Re-Animator
A ridiculous effort that fails to raise the blood pressure, and the poor quality of the film makes it a late night Cinemax guilty pleasure at best.
A pointless exercise in cynicism.
It's a righteously nasty piece of work, and a rare example of a movie that traffics in B-movie grime without a trace of Grindhouse-style self-consciousness.
Stuck is genuinely suspenseful and grotesque. It may make you wonder why anyone thought it had to be made, but it is absorbingly macabre.
A nasty little thriller, but an effective--and sometimes gruesomely funny--one.
That Stuck is mostly based an actual event is frightening, but ultimately irrelevant thanks to Suvari's and Rea's nuanced performances.
A sickening, grisly tale you don't want to watch on an empty stomach.
Stuck is both darkly comic and disgusting; the name alone reduces the crime to a sick joke.
From Bush on down and not just the usual few bad attitude apples, Gordon's revealing lens exposes a ruthless society losing its way as a caring culture. A blame game terror spree of a tale that drives its point home in more ways than one.
Gordon shoots his material's descent into grotesqueness (of both a physical and ethical sort) with jagged briskness that amplifies his scenario's mordant humor.
The primordial image of [a woman] driving around with half of a man on her hood invokes titters of discomfort ... But director Stuart Gordon ... hasn't a clue what to do with this story.
A seamless mixture of horror and low comedy.
I wasn't expecting much, so I wasn't overly disappointed... but I do expect better from the man behind RE-ANIMATOR and FROM BEYOND.
...a brutal, thoroughly engaging horror effort...
Assumes the stance of a transfixed but inarticulate bystander to its own premise, rather than using that premise as an aperture into revelation of character, accumulation of suspense, or persuasive ethical reflection.
Ingeniously nasty and often shockingly funny.
Clever and far more than competent.
The director approaches the fact-based story with equal amounts of disdain, fascination and bemusement.





@highlight

Steeped in gallows humor, Stuck is a taut, tense examination of a tragic accident.