One of the central exchanges of the film could easily go down as the defining theme of the Oct. 22 foreign policy debate.
What ultimately hobbles Skyfall is its dramatic imbalance at both macro and micro levels.
This is a gorgeous film to look at, and a highly entertaining one to watch.
In attempting to pilot the franchise backward and forward simultaneously, the filmmakers have delivered the most unusual Bond film since the truly great (and truly bonkers) On Her Majesty's Secret Service in 1969.
A stirring addition to the James Bond franchise.
Skyfall has fun playing with Bond's image, but the producers are wary of being too revisionistic. In fact, the film is good because it's such a stirring affirmation of the things 007 films have always done well.
Britain is quite diverse right now, feel free to reflect that anytime, Mr. Bond.
James Bond has been relegated to cinematic stupidity before, but demoting the character to this degree of slightness is even more deflating.
Skyfall gets off to a fast start. I can't recall when I've enjoyed a pre-title sequence more.
It achieves an effective balance between the ever-escalating action sequences that each successive Bond picture apparently demands, fresh use of charismatic talent, and nods to the legacy
Skyfall elevates the Bond genre to a new level of A-list refinement. But it's a game-changing movie in more ways than one.
Mendes's breezily, imaginatively directed film shows faith in the thrill of the real -- not the weightless dazzle of CGI but the feeling of actual objects (bikes, cars, Tube trains) crashing and colliding in a solid world.
Mendes and Deakins have] created the most beautifully deep focus context for Bond yet, pushing and pulling him into landscapes... that each promise the physically compromised spy nothing less than the most cinematically gorgeous sort of doom.
With wry geriatric jokes, a plot that strikes 007 right where he lives and even some throwback gadgets, Skyfall gives James Bond a delightfully retro reboot.
Urbane yet never too serious, and beautifully shot by Roger Deakins, this all seems a good fit for director Sam Mendes, who's made his career imposing a sort of British pretense on American movies.
A Bond film should feature a menacing villain who's also just a touch daffy; Javier Bardem has more fun than anybody else onscreen as a rogue agent with a mommy complex and a come-hither leer.
Everything is heavy and dark, but Bond plus terrorists is damn entertaining.
It stands up with the finest work that Deakins has ever done, which pretty much means that it's as gorgeous as film gets.
Skyfall does what no other 007 film has done before; humanize the secret agent by giving him a discernible past, a home turf, a family heritage and ambivalent feelings about his job and life.
Skyfall acts as though every new James Bond adventure needs to earn our belief that he still matters, and that a secret agent with a soul can be just as compelling as an exploding pen.
It seems engineered to please fans old and new, and tells a clever -- but not too clever -- story with wry humor, well-conceived action sequences and depth and meaning for the character.
It's certainly smarter than the last few Bonds that have zipped in and out of the viewer's mind. The impact of this espionage adventure lasts after it has ended.
If Casino Royale changed the dynamics of Bond, Skyfall's cemented them.
Locationwise, there is stunning photography of Shanghai and the wilds of Scotland by veteran Roger Deakins.
This is the true reboot of the franchise, the film in which, three movies into his tenure, Daniel Craig becomes the best James Bond there ever was.
Expertly shot by the unlikely genius Roger Deakins -- who does spectacular work in the film's Shanghai chapter -- Skyfall is one of those movie movies that manages to impress you with its heft.
Most Bond films have flaws but few Bond films end up as enjoyable as this.
Make no mistake about it, Bond is back on top form, and won't be hanging up his tuxedo yet.
Skyfall is the kind of film that makes it easy to love Bond the way you probably did as a kid.
It's never dull, occasionally surprising and unafraid to delve into Bond's life more than any film since On Her Majesty's Secret Service. Unfortunately, all of that comes at the price of gaping plot holes and staggering lapses in logic.
It's not really what I want from a 007 film. It has its moments, some of the action scenes are well-shot, and it's not as bad as the last entry, Quantum Of Solace. But it's no Casino Royale.
Skyfall is not simply one of the very best Bond films, it's one of the year's best movies, period.
From the very first shot of Skyfall, it's clear that this isn't just another James Bond movie.
Skyfall is the smartest Bond film for many years, and though aficionados will enjoy the many nods to past films, this is a film that sets out a future path for Bond.
A memorable, deliciously twisted villain (Javier Bardem), a damaged yet still cool James Bond (Daniel Craig), and a centre-stage plot for the spy chief M (Judi Dench), all add up to the best Bond movie of recent years.
You leave the theatre thinking less of the spectacular action and instead ponder the complex heart and soul that make James Bond such an indelible and truly iconic figure.
This spectacularly entertaining epic takes several risks and yet, nevertheless, pays off splendidly.
Skyfall is indeed the best Bond film ever. And maybe even better than that.
This is a terrific James Bond movie, thoughtfully written, shrewdly cast and taking stock of everything that the 50-year-old franchise has come to mean. But even if it wasn't a Bond film, it would still be darn good.
As the James Bond film franchise continues to get a vigorous shaking, consider this critic sufficiently stirred.
At times Skyfall is simply sensational.
During it all, Bond and M indulge in enough soul-searching conversations to create a real personal drama, and that alone might make this a different and, in some ways, better Bond film.
Skyfall easily moves into the top 5 of Bond movies ever, maybe even the top 3 with From Russia With Love and Casino Royale.
If a Bond movie is essentially a string of sequences, Skyfall's contributions delight.
This latest installment, which firmly cements Daniel Craig as one of the best Bonds ever, feels more serious, less gimmicky, more geared towards mature adults.
All we can reasonably be sure of what they've been telling us since From Russia With Love: James Bond will return. He's welcome back any time.
Skyfall is highly aware of the earlier stuff, and even pays direct homage to the work of previous Bonds via props and plot, ensuring any true 007 fan will feel a tickle from every Aston Martin reference.
This is your father's James Bond. And director Sam Mendes (American Beauty) makes it thrilling, fun, and fresh.
Some Bond films show their age. Not Skyfall. It's super sky-high entertainment and brimming with excitement.
Craig has relaxed into Bond without losing any steeliness.
As an attempt to fill in Bond as a character, rather than just make the same film over, Mendes has succeeded, I think.
One of the year's most crackling adventure films, one of Bond's most satisfying outings, and proof that you can indeed teach an old horndog new tricks.
In a late-year picture that ordinary moviegoers really cared about, with good reason, Judi Dench's M rivaled Daniel Craig's James Bond in screen time and easily outdid him in complexity of motive.
This year marks the Bond series' 50th anniversary, and for an agent who has been in the field for half a century, he looks pretty spry.
In Sam Mendes's first Bond movie, dazzlingly photographed by Roger Deakins, the sequences shot in wintry London and Scotland stand out.
The franchise's signature elaborate action sequences are fewer and shorter, making for a more intimate, personal story.
Director Sam Mendes can't decide if he's shooting a chilly noir or a Roger Moore camp classic.
Visual elements draw from a theatrical vocabulary, such as a besorrowed M overlooking gray London at a window slashed with billions of cold tears, match-cut to wounded Bond cascading over a waterfall like a spent package.
It's not just a terrific Bond movie; it's a terrific movie, period.
It is not the breath of fresh air that was 2006's "Casino Royale," but it is nearly as satisfying.
Mendes has embraced the general super-ness of Bond and taken his inspiration from the best superhero flick of recent years: The Dark Knight.
For 50 years, we've placed our stock in Bonds, but never have our investments yielded the sort of windfall 'Skyfall' delivers over two-and-a-half hours of pulsating entertainment that will leave you shaken - and stirred.
One of the better bonds, but it isn't as good as Daniel Craig's first outing.
Solicits swoons like the best Bonds ever did, even if Bond's dangerously close to decommission.
A very British Bond, and also a very personal one.
Sam Mendes revitalizes the James Bond franchise with a slick and action-packed entry. Daniel Craig proves yet again why he's the best Bond yet.
Bond traditions haven't just been updated -- they've been intelligently modified and rethought, giving us the franchise's inherent pleasures in a new package.
Skyfall proves that a long-standing series can deliver the expected fundamentals while keeping the new films fresh and unpredictable.
One of the ten best films of 2012.
The film serves as a trip back to the beginning of the 50-year-old cinematic legend and the promise of a golden future with Craig in the role of 007.
It's been a long time since I enjoyed a Bond movie so much.
It's a pity Fleming never lived to see Craig's hyper-masculine yet vulnerable Bond: he's well on his way to being the best of them all.
Skyfall epitomizes what a Bond movie should be, and its director, for once, justifiably deserves much of the credit.
Skyfall isn't quite a throwback to the absurd thrills of the 007 films of old, but it does inject some fun back into the franchise.
As the saying goes, you've got to shake 22 Bond films, before the 23rd is stirred to perfection. Without a doubt, this is the best James Bond movie.
James Bond looks broken and weary, an embodiment of a traditional model of international spydom, the one premised on national borders, white-Western-wealthy entitlements, and excessive consumptions of alcohol, cars, and women.
I have no compulsion whatsoever in declaring Skyfall, in terms of cinematography, the best looking Bond film ever ... Action movies simply don't look like this - but ... this is no ordinary action movie.
Sentimental touches underscore the fun and frivolity of Bond's past while relishing the brutal landscape of the modern day super-spy.
This makes the list of truly great 007 films alongside the list of Goldfinger, Thunderball, Live And Let Die, Licence To Kill, Goldeneye and Casino Royale.
Worlds collide in this near-brilliant, meticulously refined 21st-century redefinition of James Bond.
Sam Mendes has done a magnificent job, creating both a relevant and timeless entry into the Bond canon, while deftly adding homages to the series' past.
...tough and grim but still spry ... feels like something of a rearguard action in the case of the British Empire.
Sometimes the old ways are the best. This is a theme and repeated line running throughout the new James Bond film Skyfall and never has it been more true.
Skyfall does what all of the best franchise entries do: it makes you want to see the next one immediately. Consider me (physically) shaken and (emotionally) stirred.
Not the best Bond movie ever but a very good one; a little darker but still unsettled as to what type overall it wants to be.
Too often this martini is sloppy, not smooth.
This is one of the 50-year-old series' most exciting and commandingly compelling entries. Yes, James Bond is back to being James Bond.
Seen against the ineffectual backdrop of 2008's Quantum of Solace, this is a return to form but it doesn't exceed Craig's impressive debut as Bond in 2006's Casino Royale.
Skyfall is not, of course, ''darker'' or more serious than previous Bond films, but it's more knowing about its own conventions.
Fabulous entertainment.
Breathes fresh life into the genre.
A lot of critics are claiming this to be the best Bond film ever made; they may well be right-to some degree. It's certainly the most poignant-which, in what is ostensibly an action film, is a feather in Mendes' cap to be sure.
James Bond's 23rd official feature film gives the iconic secret agent something to stew over: an existential crisis.
Suffers from unconvincing plotting, and a third act so bad it brings the roof of the whole endeavour caving in
Even die-hard Sean Connery fans will have to admit there's another actor who can portray James Bond when they see 'Skyfall.'
Mendes does a superb job maintaining tension - and releasing it from time to time so we can take a breath, have a laugh, sit back from the edge of our seat - as he shows how seriously the James Bond character can be taken, without breaking it
Establishing a sense of urgency from the outset, the 23rd Bond film hits its tall target with a bonus back-story, character establishment and strong storyline to balance the action. As a consequence, we are offered a film that is uniquely Bond
Skyfall is inconsistent, displaying Bond at its blandest and Bond at its best.
Best...Bond...ever.
A smashing new Bond adventure for the superspy's 50th anniversary year.
Sweeping action, solid characters, spectacular scenery, a bountiful sense of cleverness, and a pitch-perfect tone of self-reference to the long line of Bond pop-culture mythology.
Mendes and Co. has an astutely cunning way to keep our blood pumping every minute of the latest and, arguably, best time we've had with the enduring Bond in years.
Better than the average Bond, but not the greatest.
a crackerjack Bond film that cannily mixes the harder, more severe edges of the previous Craig films with a sly sense of humor
The latest James Bond adventure proves, at least in my opinion, that Craig has grasped the role better than any of his predecessors, including Sean Connery.
Skyfall succeeds in providing epic escapism with just the right balance of action, art-house aesthetics and melodrama.
I had more fun with it than I didn't, which is more than I can say about a lot of these big budget event movies.
'Quantum of Solace,' was a dour, dire letdown. This picture's a substantial bounce back, and easily the best Craig Bond picture. Emotional depth and all.
Bardem's Silva and the spectacular image-making breathe new life into the old firm. Bond-age has rarely been so much fun.
This is a strong, fast, and sexy action story that gives us something different from the Bond films we have seen before.
Indeed one of the very best in the series' 50-year history. Director Sam Mendes gathered a superb cast and technical team for this 007 outing and their collective proficiency shows.
While [the film] gets more emotional and resonant as it goes on, it also gets much slower and narrower in scope.
Traveling the world, solving a mystery, hunting people down, killing some of those people...everything that you want James Bond to do. Then it takes an interesting turn.
Skyfall might stand as the lone example of a satisfying, standalone narrative blending with all those tried-and-true Bond tropes. Adele tune aside, Mendes makes nary a misstep.
... a bang-up job of interweaving arty visuals. dour backstory, in-jokes, and, for the series faithful, heartfelt comings and goings ... Bardem is the best (read most twisted) franchise baddie since Heath Ledger's Joker.
...just as Marc Forster went off the rails in Quantum of Solace during that silly horse-race juxtaposition, so too does Mendes go overboard with the deconstruction/dysfunction.
If our 21st-century spies must be dark instead of Pop, let them be presented with as much conviction and professionalism as in 'Skyfall,' the best movie yet with Daniel Craig as a particularly vulnerable bruiser of a Bond for a cynical post-Cold War era.
Nothing Like A Good Villian
The villain isn't intent on destroying the world, and the gadgets consist of items you might find at The Sharper Image. The 23rd Bond outing delivers thrills all the same.
Skyfall's 143-minute running time doesn't seem a bit extended. Rather, one sits there taking in this 23rd Bond adventure, wishing to be shaken and stirred indefinitely.
I wanted to like Skyfall more than I did, which is funny because after the opening sequence, I felt sure I would love it.
'Wait a minute, did I just walk in on The Man with the Golden Groin?' asks Bond. 'I was going for Thunderballs,' says Bardem, 'but let's settle on yours!'
In more ways than one, Bond is back.
This is one of the better Bond films in the franchise.
By this point, rejecting the Bond formula has become a cliché itself. It's been three movies, you can't still play the 'This is the NEW Bond' card.
A key aspect of any movie is how quickly it can reel you in. In the case of Skyfall, this box is ticked in the opening few minutes.
never a better villain than Bardem, blonde and mincing with a scathingly brilliant intellect at the service of a twisted, raging mother complex, and there has not been a better mother complex in film since Psycho
Skyfall returns Bond to Solid Ground
It's an old-fashioned Bond movie--or at least promises the next one will be--and that's good news for many.
A bloated, tedious, uninspired, sluggish and vapid bore that can only be enjoyed by very shallow, unctuous philistines.
Who pays the price for Skyfall? Bond fans do, of course. But so does Daniel Craig. He's not going to be around forever - not in this shape, anyway.
... the best-looking Bond movie ever made. Roger Deakins' cinematography is full of striking silhouettes, some stark and simple as woodcuts, others multi-layered and illusory.
Tough and taciturn, Craig has re-energized the franchise after the shaky Brosnan years, definitely demonstrating that the series has once again earned its license to thrill.
"My name is Bond, Emo Bond." Is there a 12-step program for whiny, moping, bland Spies? Daniel Craig may fit the part of Bond but after 3 movies its clear he doesn't want to be there.
Skyfall may not be another Casino Royale, but it ranks higher than almost anything else the franchise has had to offer for over a decade.
What Mendes delivers is a mixed blessing: a Bond film so self-serious it condescends to the frivolities it pretends to honor.
The cool accomplishment of Skyfall, 23rd in the Broccoli franchise, is that it seems a necessary, rather than mandatory, addition to the year's popular culture.
Polished, tightly-paced, and extraordinarily entertaining, Skyfall is a total blast. It gets every major thing you could want from a 007 movie exactly right.
Skyfall is a great movie. It's a welcome sight to see it bring the franchise into modern filmmaking.
An espionage thriller mixed with a revenge story wrapped in a character study about the world's favorite secret agent.
Old and new, Skyfall follows the well-worn patterns of its predecessors
Does Bond still have it?
Skyfall doesn't reach the emotional depths of 2006's Casino Royale, but it features jaw-dropping cinematography and set design, and some of the most exciting action scenes of the entire series.
The franchise has refashioned itself by never once forgetting its glorious history, including a certain 'Goldfinger' car.
Among the most ambitious imaginings of Bond to date: dark, supple, and punctuated with moments of unanticipated visual brilliance.
...a combination of the old and the new, the predictable and the completely unexpected.
Now with Skyfall the sweet spot is back; the movie unspools as a thrilling action flick packed with witty little touches that Bond fans will recognize as big, fat valentines to the franchise's past.
Is Skyfall the best Bond film yet? No. Is it a smart and engaging Bond film? Absolutely.
SKYFALL returns to basics. The plot and economical but riveting action sequences are secondary to the film's cinematography, direction, acting and writing.
Mendes' approach to action is classical and elegant - no manic editing and blurry unintelligible images here - but what makes the movie special is the attention he pays his actors.
Bond returns for more racy, action-packed thrills.
The opening sequence is very Bond-esque, but the film itself is way too long, and actually tedious halfway through.
While it is a typically ambitious James Bond venture, the movie is far too long. Ninety-five minutes would have been fine. But for my money, there isn't anything else Bond can do to thrill movie audiences. It is time to retire.
A sly, deconstructionist approach to Bond combined with a climactic sequence that is hands-down the best, most gorgeously shot, and most breathtakingly thrilling in the franchise's history make this one of the most satisfying and well-made entries.
When the credits declare, as they traditionally do, that "James Bond will return," you'll be eager for that return to come as soon as possible.
Let's lay the baccarat cards on the table: Skyfall is the greatest James Bond adventure since Goldfinger. If that seems impossible after 50 years, 23 movies and six actors playing the secret agent, think of how thrilling it is to watch it happen.
Skyfall is visually impressive from beginning to end, offers what feels like the closing of one exciting Bond chapter and the opening of another, and features some of the most blood pumping action sequences of the Daniel Craig Bond films.
"Skyfall" is thrilling, it's funny, it's moving and it's the one thing that James Bond movies never, ever used to be - surprising.
Released on the 50th anniversary of the James Bond films, Skyfall is simultaneously one of the series' most rousing entries and one of its most vexing.
Not to take anything away from the crazy action sequences of Skyfall, but the 1-1 between Silva (Javier Bardem) and Bond (Daniel Craig) is a thing of pure beauty.
So Skyfall may not be the film you are expecting from the franchise but it's a film that will prove more satisfying with each viewing.
Daring to broach the subject of how dated the characters and the series are, Daniel Craig, Judi Dench and director Sam Mendes make one of the best Bond's of all.
If this proves to be a transitional film, let it be as an introduction to an agent who comes back with his sense of humor intact.
This sensitive new Bond world is really not enough.
Quibble here and there over a sequence or a subplot that occasionally drifts off course from Skyfall's narrowly focused story, but this is a film that roars with enthusiasm, guts, and a sense of freedom from genre conventions.
The whole franchise has been given a new shot of vitality and vigor.
"Skyfall" is as much a joyful trip down memory lane as it is a 21st-century Bond adventure.
A movie that renews our faith in the pertinence and durability of this 50-year-old franchise.
It has expertly crafted action, a supensefully compelling storyline, exciting homages to previous films, the best Bond villain in decades, and an ending that will make 007 junkies stand up applauding. Sam Mendes has made a perfect Bond film.
Its canny blend of ingredients is sure to entertain any audience but I think Bond enthusiasts will relish it most, as it draws on our familiarity with the series' many touchstones.
One of the best Bond movie ever, this thriller offers up great action sequences and a smart dialogue.
'Skyfall' isn't the best James Bond film, but it's easily the most gorgeous entry of 007's world yet.
This is a movie that raises the question of Bond's origins in a way we've never seen.
Yes, Skyfall really is as great as you've been hearing.
The last scenes reshuffle the deck with a tipped cap to tradition and a clear eye on the future. They suggest Bond has learned all he must to persevere. Perhaps he can go forth defined less by those he's lost and have a little fun in doing so.
In the span of three films Craig has made the character his own
It's a fine action film. I just wish I could say it was more fun.
Mendes honors Bond movies past (the monitor lizard is the new alligator), and refers to other fixtures of British cinema (Alfred Hitchcock and Carol Reed), nodding to the past while also setting it, quite literally, on fire.
"Skyfall" is a different kind of Bond movie, one that works just fine on its own terms, but a steady diet of this might kill the franchise. One "Skyfall" is enough.
Great heroes are often enhanced by the villains they face, and such is the situation here. To really work, Bond needs great bad guys. Silva is bad at its best.
...because of all the mindless action, it's OK as an entertainment even though it's much darker and devoid of the bon mots that highlighted most Bond films.
Skyfall leaves you wondering whether this incarnation of the character has anywhere left to go. It's the portrait of a spy at the end of his rope by an actor who seems close to his.
The movie's smartest suit is emotional intelligence: Skyfall keeps us caring, intensely, for a hero who, by any rational measure, is a vestige of a vanished era.
This is the movie in which the newest Bond finally eases into the part of the bon vivant for-Queen-and-Country horndog who likes his martinis shaken and not stirred.
The director, Sam Mendes, has taken a pop concept and solemnized it with Freud, which is not, perhaps, the best way of turning Bond into grownup entertainment.
Craig has settled into a well-suited, grim-reaper role. Even when James flirts and trysts, his creased face suggests an unmovable weight.
This is it -- this is James Bond in all of his glory -- in what easily ranks up there with the best Bond films of them all.
Daniel Craig, in his third outing as 007, has taken over the role in a way that makes it his as distinctively as it was Sean Connery's all those years ago.
What a difference 50 years makes. It might sound blasphemous, but in Skyfall Daniel Craig has it all over previous 007s.
There's a gritty, real-world feel to Skyfall that makes good use of Craig's down-to-earthiness.
One of the best Bond pictures ever...a satisfying blend of the old and the new.
Skyfall is a rollicking good Bond and Daniel Craig's best.
Craig's working-class, grim Bond is compelling, and "Skyfall" tries to give, in its third act, some insight into how he got that way.
After all the hopes that I had for this film being the return to greatness for the franchise, I am sad to report that Bond has once again misfired.
This is a smashing entertainment, but also one that feels over-engineered and constrained by its origins.
It's a film worthy of the 007 name, as the series marks its 50th anniversary.
A mix of old and new thrills, 'Skyfall' delves into the mind of James Bond while delivering all the action you want from a 007 adventure.
While "Skyfall" obviously has a great fondness for the past, it's not trapped there. It also anticipates Bond's future. In this immensely satisfying movie, so do we.
A disappointing James Bond thriller.
Despite a lack of complexity, "Skyfall" is a respectable chapter in the Bond saga.
Skyfall is certainly the most cultured Bond film to come along in some time. It's also the first of the three Craig endeavors to seriously (and wittily) acknowledge its pedigree.
"Skyfall" may be the most intimate Bond film yet.
The new Bond thrills but falls short of greatness.
What propels this grisly chapter is the characters' keen sense of agency.
The James Bond franchise turns 50 with a stellar entry that fires on all cylinders as an action picture but also casts a modest glance backward to its illustrious past.
Though there are a few hiccups Skyfall is a beautiful and mature 007 film.
Noted killjoy Sam Mendes might seem like a counterintuitive addition to the series, but it turns out he's aces with action staging and set-pieces soaked in local flavor.
The filmmakers expertly balance historical homages and modern action.
Craig's most effective Bond movie yet.
Fueled as much by Daniel Craig's vulnerable portrayal of Bond as its crisp action sequences, Mendes offers a rock-solid entry in the long-running franchise.
This is Bond like you've never seen him and a dynamite Daniel Craig, never better in the role, nails Bond's ferocity and feeling. Skyfall is smashing, just smashing.
Skyfall is as satisfying as a great martini.
Bond. James Bond is back.
Daniel Craig's greatest Bond adventure yet... A shining example of what can be achieved when you combine blockbuster filmmaking with prestige talent.
The best Bond film since the '60s. Period.
With spectacular action sequences, a rock-solid star and a ration of cheese that's good English cheddar, "Skyfall" is a gift from above.
It's a modern twist on a classic series and just when you might be wondering about yet another iconic Bond element - bingo, the filmmakers deliver with an ending that leaves you wanting more.
Sam Mendes adds freshness in this smart, character-driven film, as middle-aged Bond thrives in today's terror-ridden world. Still loaded with action, the best Bond in years.
Skyfall has earned the franchise the right to yet another sequel, if not another 50 years.
I greatly enjoyed this film, its style and its various bits of homage to Bond entries from the past. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
An obsession with age, and an underwhelming plot, has this 50th anniversary Bond installment showing its years.
James Bond goes home in every sense in this ravishingly entertaining entry in the series. Five decades later, it all of a sudden feels fresh, fun, and utterly engaging.
As much as Casino Royale felt like a game-changer six years ago, Skyfall moves the ball further down the field. It is both grander and grimmer.
A clear and unequivocal improvement over the reprehensible Quantum of Solace...
Gets Bond back to the basics: bullets, babes, big-time bad guys and bawdy humor.
From the first smoky notes of a theme song sung by Adele, it's clear that "Skyfall" will be both classic and of-the-moment.
It's a terrific movie that will work just as well for Bond fans and Bond newbies.
Skyfall doesn't forget it has to be an exciting spy film above all, but from its first scene, it ratchets up the drama in ways that have little to do with action.
This is a full-blooded, joyous, intelligent celebration of a beloved cultural icon, with Daniel Craig taking full possession of a role he previously played unconvincingly.
Playful...the most conspicuously repeated word is 'game,' the most dangerous of which Bond typically is, pursues, or plays.
Skyfall is an awesome James Bond movie until it gets tired of all that, goes a little crazy and turns into a not-so-awesome Home Alone movie.
This is perhaps the most visually stunning Bond movie ever made.
Too self-serious for its own good and attempts at giving it a lighter edge fall flat, but there is the suggestion at the end that this new, remodeled Bond is still only getting started.
"Skyfall" will take its place among the best of the movies in the 50-year Bond franchise. It is a transitional film, introducing new characters while bidding a sad farewell to some veterans.
The movie makes a claim that can't be matched by many Bond films: It's actually about something.
Skyfall isn't just one of the best-ever James Bond movies. It's also one of the most rock 'em sock 'em, intelligent, witty, dazzling and best-acted movies of 2012.
Skyfall's fatal misstep is its slavish hewing to event-movie trends.
In "Skyfall," Mendes has given us a thrilling new chapter in a franchise that by all rights should have been gasping for air - which really makes him the hero of this saga.
[Mendes] and screenwriters Neal Purvis, Robert Wade and John Logan have managed what feels like the best possible thing that could have happened to Bond: They've made him fun again.
Some may have cried "the sky is falling" after witnessing "Quantum of Solace"; fear not, dear moviegoers: "Skyfall" places the Bond franchise squarely back at the top of the action film stratosphere!
We get the gadgets, the nods to previous Bond films, the martinis and all but "Skyfall" succeeds by not resting on its veritable history but by adding more depth to the celebrated franchise.
Skyfall is easily one of the best films in the series -- a cracking thriller molded to a shrewd study of Bond and his domain.
The best of Craig's adventures; a superbly mounted, clear-headed adventure with enough delicious oddity and exhilaration to help forget there ever was a Quantum of Solace.
Mendes distills the Bond ethos in a single sequence: it's sex and death as irresistible surface and sheen.
If, on paper, this sounds like business as usual for 007, Skyfall feels like anything but.
Skyfall stands out by bringing Bond into a real world milieu. For many reasons, things aren't so comfortable and secure anymore.
Whether Mr. Mendes is deploying an explosion or a delectable detail, he retains a crucially human scale and intimacy, largely by foregrounding the performers.
More than anything, Skyfall is about the Bond girls. They've come a long way, baby. Fully-formed, strong-thinking, and smart, pivotal characters, Skyfall focuses firmly on M, and rookie Eve.
Some of it is terrific. And some of it is spectacular.
Take the plunge.
"Skyfall" is the best of the Daniel Craig Bond films and surpasses just about every Bond film made in the past 43 years. Not only is this a great Bond movie, it's a great film.
Bond is back, and so is high-octane entertainment.
I'm happy to report that Bond is back, and he's bad. And that's good.
The stripped-down, slightly grittier feel of the movie carries us along - and, perhaps, even announces a direction for the series that's both new to young fans and as old as "From Russia With Love."
The 23rd official Bond seems as fresh as the first, incorporating tradition with innovation in gratifying ways.
With stunning cinematography from Roger Deakins, a stirring music score by Thomas Newman and another charismatic villain from Bardem, SKYFALL ranks as one of the best Bonds yet.
At 50 years old, James Bond has matured in the best sense of the word.
Outlandishly ambitious, this sure-footed re-boot isn't just among the best of the Bond series, but among the best movies of the year.
The best Bond movie in decades.
Bardem's Silva is a throwback to a more traditional Bond villain, with equal parts creepy sensuality, intelligence, and psychopathy, and a touch of physical deformity for good measure.
This is a brilliant reboot of the canon, mixing a sense of melancholy, the shock of changing times and the darkness of loss with thrillingly staged chase and fight scenes and clever references to all that has come before.
Skyfall has the feel of both a ceremonial commemoration and a franchise-rebooting celebration ...
Skyfall can take its place alongside From Russia with Love, Goldfinger, and On Her Majesty's Secret Service as the best Bond can offer.
Mendes and Deakins are so busy trying to be visionary that they don't notice that characters are wandering too far from their roots, and half the time you can't see what's going on.
These are truly tedious stakes for an action movie. The franchise isn't worried about world safety. It's fretting over whether to start wearing Depends.
This is Bond as interpreted by the British director Sam Mendes and shot by the renowned cinematographer Roger Deakins, and one of the first things that strike you is how sumptuous it looks.
Casino Royale remains the best of the recent Bonds, with Skyfall just a notch below it.
A super-suave but softer Bond, with Craig barely wrinkling his gorgeous suits. Bardem, as a dandyish villain, works up a good, greasy sweat.
"Skyfall" is so good you almost forget it is a James Bond movie.
With the onset of the sublime Skyfall, Daniel Craig officially wrests the title of "Best Bond Ever" from Connery, the British bulldog delivers a brilliant, bulldozing performance in a cinematic spectacular more streamlined than one of his Tom Ford suits.
A series that gloried in wit, irony and sex has been reduced to a generic spy thriller.
Simultaneously thrilling and meaty, this is easily one of the best entries ever in the 50-year, 23-film series, led once again by an actor who's the best Bond yet in Daniel Craig.
The most fun Bond flick since about 1977...
Longtime fan or newcomer, 'Skyfall' has something for you, blowing expectations out of the water, giving the 007 expert and rookie a reason to keep loving Bond.
The emphasis here is on the human factor...this is a movie that's as much about what happens between the action as the action itself.
Has Bond still learning the ropes and leaning on 50 years of nostalgic gimmicks for appeal, but it could be the final step in a prolonged road to the first great Craig Bond flick
Skyfall represents the new standard in one of cinema's longest running franchises. It is a deeply personal, exquisitely shot film that had me mesmerized from the opening scene.
Parental figures and familial legacy are central to the importance and impact of Sam Mendes' story and Ian Fleming's stylish protagonist becomes a more real but no less exciting figure because of it.
Aptly demonstrates you can have a blockbuster of thematic depth and emotional significance that is still loads of fun.
Better brace yourself for the best Bond episode in ages, thanks to Daniel Craig's coming of age to make the role his own.
SKYFALL has everything you love about Bond from yesteryear; and infuses the modern elements that resuscitated the character.
A new Bond film, we are assured in the closing credits, is on its way -- Skyfall provides reasons to look forward to more.
Thrilling, sexy, and beautifully photographed.
[VIDEO ESSAY] "Skyfall" stands as one more shrewd blast of cinema ecstasy in a long history of compelling 007 spy movies.
Conveys the melancholy of loss, mortality, and future-shock anxiety, while at the same time leaving us plenty of space to enjoy one of the most complexly unhinged villains in Bond history.
Not only one of the best James Bond movies in the five-decade history of the beloved character but it's one of the best action movies of the last decade.
The best Bond film since I don't know what ... never less than gripping.
Skyfall keeps mocking 007 as old and out-of-touch. He goes unshaven and fails his physical! The ice-cold erotic charge of an immaculately groomed Bond is dead. Fleming's 'blunt instrument' has bad knees. He's one of us now.
Few things get better with age. Among the things that do: a good Scotch and, in his latest incarnation, Bond... James Bond.
Suffice to say, Skyfall is one of the best Bonds in the 50-year history of moviedom's most successful franchise.
You couldn't have asked for a better way to celebrate the 50th Anniversary of James Bond, proving once again that nobody does it better, indeed.
With his film Mendes not only resurrects 007, but makes the character's defining trademarks make more sense in a modern world
Craig manages to get out of the shadow of Connery.
Skyfall abounds with bum notes and unfortunate compromises. But Mendes has found many fresh things to do with this dusty old machine.
Skyfall doesn't have the layers it needs to strut so casually for so long.
Bond's latest is a remarkable high watermark for the series: at once solemn and deeply funny, sexy and sad, self-conscious without all the rib-bruising elbowing.
Thrilling and terrific, one of the best Bonds ever!
Where have you gone, 007? Skyfall has transformed you from the human, vulnerable, skillful spy into a Superhero Bond. In Skyfall, Bond is part Aquaman and part Road Runner, with some familial angst pilfered from Bruce Wayne. He's become an action toy.
A bold, exciting new direction for the franchise. One of the best Bond's ever! 10/10!
Things get very personal for 007 in this high-quality thriller, which keeps us gripped even if it never gets our pulses racing.
Bond really is back.
Skyfall is the best James Bond film of all time, offering a thoroughly entertaining and thought-provoking examination of why 007 endures, both as an on-screen legend and as a harrowing secret agent.
So what do contemporary cinema audiences really want from 007? Is it The Bond Identity or The Dark Bond Rises?
Mendes wants to combine a Bourne-like lack of quips and frippery with Christopher Nolan-ish solemnity and gigantism ...
There's an astonishing cool elegance to Skyfall, as if director Sam Mendes had stumbled over the idea of The Action Movie itself, and so was compelled to lay it all out for us with an air of wondrous discovery: Look what the movies can do!
From the opening in Istanbul to the final siege shootout in the Scottish Highlands, this film is a supremely enjoyable and even sentimental spectacle, giving us an attractively human (though never humane) Bond.
Skyfall is a brilliant Bond.
Mendes and his team have done an extremely canny job of combining old-school Bond with new innovations, showing respect for the series' heritage while also delivering some audacious surprises.
... director Sam Mendes manages to pay sophisticated, sincere homage to the conventions that define the Bond series while remembering that one of the things that makes the series such an enduring presence is fun.
It's exhilarating, in a violent sort of way. It's witty. And it's completely engaging.
This is a fitting and worthy adventure for Bond's 50th anniversary that both embraces the past and looks forward to the future ...
That "Skyfall" looks strikingly beautiful may explain why it has already generated waves of positive buzz. At two hours and 25 minutes, the movie runs far too long, but has been artfully rendered to obscure its fundamental simplicity.
Though a notch below "Royale," "Skyfall" follows that reboot's lead, making a now 50-year-old icon as cool as when he began.
One hell of an action movie. But yes, its goals are high enough, and perhaps even misguided enough, that meeting them may create some potential problems for the franchise.
Squint at Skyfall and you'll swear you're watching Bruce Wayne
Every time a Bond fan extols the virtues of the Bond films I wish I could see what they saw. I finally have, and I saw it in SKYFALL.
Overall, Skyfall is an accomplished action movie which allows Bond a little more psychological complexity and stronger emotional beats.
The Bond cocktail is given another good hard shake, and the result is not just a cracking entry in the franchise but also a fitting tribute to 007 in his fiftieth cinematic year. Cheers!
While Skyfall might explore the past, its real success is in looking to the future; the movie promises that James Bond will return, and, as a result, the whole franchise feels re-energized, relevant and ready for action.
Enthralling, explosive and often very funny, Skyfall doesn't just exceed expectations but shatters them.
As a blockbuster film, Skyfall is a skilfully executed film that rightfully takes its place amongst the Avengers and Dark Knights of 2012 - and is arguably even better than those two cinematic behemoths.
Nothing can beat a landmark, classic James Bond picture. They don't come around all that often.
The real question is not if, but when, you should see this film, and the answer would be as soon as physically possible - before somebody spoils the twist...
It won't diminish Sam Mendes' extraordinary achievement to say that those wanting a Bond film by way of Christopher Nolan shan't be disappointed. The pleasure is all ours, James.
This is probably the coolest 007 movie yet.
After the misstep of Quantum of Solace, first time Bond director Sam Mendes' Skyfall includes moments that match the finest points of the spy's chequered 50-year career.
The Daniel Craig era comes of age with a ballsy Bond that takes brave chances and bold risks. Guess what? Turns out you can teach an old dog new tricks.
For all the pre-release chatter of Skyfall being 'Bond with a capital B', steeped in 'a magical Goldfinger feel', it's a film that fights surprisingly shy of the franchise's time-honoured rites.
By keeping the plot relatively simple, Mendes has given himself room to expand the characters, lend them a certain depth and just have a bit of fun.
A Bond movie that boldly struts forward while looking back over its shoulder to the past.
Mendes's film certainly stands out, and there's a sense that things may be slightly different from now on. This is no reboot, more a recalibration of the format, or perhaps even, as Bond himself deftly puts it, "a resurrection".
In Skyfall 007 fans have a film that respects Bond's lengthy screen history while pushing its hero into new territory.
Pretty much all you could want from a 21st Century Bond: cool but not camp, respectful of tradition but up to the moment, serious in its thrills and relatively complex in its characters but with the sense of fun that hasn't always been evident lately.
It's Premium Bond.
If not a full blown triumph, this is certainly one of the best Bonds in recent memory.
The new outlook, fresh cast and leaner chassis suggest that the franchise can really kick on from here, but it's hard not to feel that Skyfall itself is something of a missed opportunity. Better luck next time, James. Again.
It's outlandish fun, dramatic and exciting, too - pure entertainment with a capital E.
From references to past 007 movies to unexpected twists and top-grade action, Mendes' movie feels like a well-wrapped birthday gift for Bond fans.
Pointedly eschews the spy gadgetry of earlier Bond films to focus on human circuitry.
Skyfall is the perfect way to commemorate 50 years of Bond on the big screen. It's the best in the series.
Skyfall could be the most enjoyable Bond yet. One thing's for certain; Bond has never scrubbed up better. Tom Ford now exists to make Daniel Craig suits.
The Bond movie every James Bond fan, new or old, will want to see.
Skyfall is still a vast improvement on Quantum Of Solace, but it's no Casino Royale.
Skyfall isn't just a great Bond film, it's the character's resurrection.
Putting the "intelligence" in MI6, Skyfall reps a smart, savvy and incredibly satisfying addition to the 007 oeuvre.
Skyfall is one of several Bond films (about five or so) with one-word title and its appeal can be summed up in one word: Terrific. Sam Mendes' entry is extremely satisfying in every respect: narrative, characterization, performance, action and location.
Feels more seriously connected to real-world concerns than any previous entry, despite the usual outlandish action scenes, glittering settings and larger-than-life characters.
Thrilling opening sequence with implausible feats of derringdo? Check. Scenery chewing psychopathic villain? Check.
Works terrifically well up to a point.
Skyfall shakes together familiar elements of the Ian Fleming canon - the cars, the guns, the exotic locales with the dames to match - into a blistering comic book escapade that the old Bond, and one suspects Fleming too, would find altogether alien.
This Bond film is an anti-Bond film. Bond continues to be a hard, brooding guy. But this time the villain in the piece, Bardem, brings him to life. (non-spoiler review)
The rapport between Bond and M is so rich, you feel as if there is 50 years of history between them right up on screen.
Skyfall is a resurrection, and will go down as one of 007's best.
Undoubtedly Daniel Craig's best outing; this is a new kind of Bond film.

@highlight

Sam Mendes brings Bond surging back with a smart, sexy, riveting action thriller that qualifies as one of the best 007 films to date.