A weird one.
The film isn't polished, perhaps on purpose, but it's endearing, special even.
I think the less you know going into this movie the better, so if you're a die-hard fan of Rinko Kikuchi or a film buff with a vested interest in how pop culture influences modern folklore, put yourself on Kumiko media blackout and just go see it already.
Kikuchi interacts beautifully with the camera to set the pace; the wide shots and angles make it seem as if the camera waits for her to finish a silent sentence, punctuated by her facial expression.
With sparse dialogue, the film hinges on an incredible performance from Rinko Kikuchi as office-girl outsider Kumiko, who can hurt your heart with just a little flick of her eye.
An assured and ambitious arthouse odyssey from the Zelners, with the wonderful, wistful Rinko Kikuchi at its core.
As the film uncomfortably unfolds to an inevitable conclusion, nihilistic overtones encapsulate any emotional connection to her struggle.
Unfortunately, Treasure opened too early in the year for short attention span Academy members, because Rinko Kikuchi seriously merits consideration for her second Oscar nom.
Fortunately, the Zellners have better plans for their heroine in Kumiko's delirious, wonderfully improbable, and probably surrealistic, ending.
A wonderfully accessible indie dark comic tale about movie obsessions.
It all boils down to Kikuchi's mesmerizing performance as the wounded, desperate Kumiko. Deep down, she may know the treasure is not real, but she can't face a world in which it isn't. And that's life, pretty much.
American Dream drama revolving around a Japanese girl's Fargo-inspired search around rural North Dakota for the proverbial pot of gold.
The entrancing fifth feature of the Zellner brothers, Kumiko the Treasure Hunter, is like found art in the beguiling, haunting manner it combines the seemingly ridiculous and desperate with an ineffable and quiet sadness.
An affecting character study about depression, delusion and the allure of cinema.
The main reason to catch this, the Zellners' most above-ground effort, is Kikuchi.
If there's one thing Kumiko the Treasure Hunter proves beyond the shadow of a doubt, it's that Rinko Kikuchi is a movie star in the making.
Thanks to Kikuchi's stubborn, sympathetic performance and Zellner's flair for desolate-yet-captivating composition... the movie rises above its silly premise and puts the audience in a fortress of solitude along with its protagonist.
It's a very composed and controlled picture, with a heroine who believes she's on the cusp of something transformative, even cosmic.
The portrait of a loopy outsider mostly serves to remind us that it might be time to watch Fargo again, just to get a glimpse of the true story.
At 105 minutes, that deliberate pace ultimately undermines Kumiko's impact, and an ambiguous ending may leave a lot of audiences wondering what message they were supposed to take from the experience.
... a rigorous if miniature work of art, a movie that betrays tremendous discipline in every aspect, from its traditional, almost formal, visual approach to the eerie score ...
Like the money from 'Fargo' that inspires Kumiko's quest, this movie something of a buried treasure itself.
For all its formal beauty and dry comedy, there is a certain heartlessness in inventing a bleak, artsy fantasia on the grave of a real dead woman.
Kumiko is gorgeously shot and scored, with a dreamlike ambience and slow-burning narrative that vacillates between beautiful and unsettling.
Nihilistic but wonderful
If sheer visual and aural ravishment is your bag and enough to get you through a feature film - then this one's for you ... If story is your thing, the film will be less successful, and if character motivation is your jam, it could be deeply frustrating.
A good -- but not entirely likable -- film that might have been great but isn't quite, owing to a central character who becomes increasingly unsympathetic.
A haunting, funny, beautifully austere film about obsession, delusion and fantasy, all held together by the remarkable, and the remarkably still, performance by Rinko Kikuchi.
You can read this droll film as a fable, and that's probably better than as a picture of mental illness.
By the time that you get to an ending as frustratingly ambiguous as the beginning, it becomes clear that this road movie is more calling card than fully realised film.
Basically an interesting failure.
The flavor is odd and completely irresistible.
The interesting thing for me is the film's intermittent excursion from drama into bleak comedy
It's wonderful
The film's chief delight -- and it is, for the most part, quite delightful and quirky -- lies in these marginal characters.
A great film for people who are tired of associating the color black with sadness and despair: now, both of those things are available in snowy white!
Darkly humorous at times and deeply somber at others, Kumiko, The Treasure Hunter is an ambitious film that feels no need to over tell their chosen story.
This is a tale of delusion, illusion and confusion given life through a powerful performance by Rinko Kikuchi.
A fine and original movie that touches on a damaged lead character with grace. And, duh, Fargo fans should be especially intrigued.
I'm thankful real life is not governed by Coen Bros.' omniscience.
A melancholy ode to impossible dreams from the Austin, Texas-based filmmaking Zellner brothers.
File this one under "odd and interesting but ... "
The movie is lovely to look at. Its compositions make clever use of color and space, and Kumiko, in a crimson shawl on the snowy plains, is a striking figure.
If Kumiko, the Treasure Hunter takes its time, it's time worth taking.
In the title role, Kikuchi is impressive, easily handling Kumiko's comic and more somber sides and never allowing us to settle into a single or simple interpretation of the character.
If you're in the mood for something different, you're in luck: "Kumiko, the Treasure Hunter" takes elements of the traditional quest story into completely new places.
A haunting, fantasy adventure for the ages in one of this century's most breathtaking independent films.
Kumiko, the Treasure Hunter pretty much succeeds as a work of magical realism.
Little is explained, and even less is revealed about what makes Kumiko tick. But for the patient and inquisitive, the ride can be maddeningly absorbing, unearthing its own kind of treasure.
The Zellner Brothers' Kumiko, the Treasure Hunter is as strange, surreal, and darkly funny as it is ultimately tragic.
Fans of obscure cinema will fall in love with this beautiful, cryptic, and outstanding treasure hunting pilgrimage. The more you think about Kumiko, the Treasure Hunter the more treasure you find buried within the film.
It's a strange movie, and perhaps not all that easy to love, but if the filmmakers had gone straight for "lovable," then they might have ruined the unique spell they have cast.
Surprising, mystical film about lonely woman on a mission.
An intriguing indie and certainly one-of-a-kind. The Coen Bros. likely would approve.
The simplicity of the setup works, so perhaps all of this layering -- of truth and legend and flights of fancy -- is an unnecessary burden here.
Kumiko, the Treasure Hunter, a cool and ambitious slice of weird from Austin's own Zellner brothers, works best as pure fairy tale, a quest to find a fortune that the audiences knows doesn't actually exist.
As portraits of mental illness go, "Kumiko" is slender but even-handed, neither romanticizing its heroine's mania nor tipping into melodrama or horror.
"Kumiko, the Treasure Hunter" is a supple combination of Little Red Riding Hood adventure, ironic road film and cross-cultural confusion.
...a beautiful, chilly odyssey.
A truly mystifying human puzzle.
An engaging, even surprising feature.
It's a beautiful and provocative film that will stick with you long after it's over.
The film's steady accumulation of little quirks - such as the fact that Kumiko has embroidered her treasure map on a piece of fabric, using a freeze-frame from "Fargo" as a template - soon grow tedious.
Despite its stasis, the feature is an original vision, best suited for those with high tolerance for art-house adventuring and an appreciation for the mischief the Coen Brothers conjured in their seminal 1996 hit, "Fargo."
With the gorgeously shot, sweetly paced Kumiko, The Treasure Hunter, David and Nathan Zellner make a strange, funny, sometimes alarmingly deadpan leap forward from their likable earlier features.
What should be a tragic story has so many upbeat turns that it charming and effective.
At her best, Kikuchi evokes the little match girl, bathing her bleak existence with too-brief warmth.
Though Kumiko, the Treasure Hunter is a sad story, it keeps that sadness at bay with touches of whimsy as Kumiko sets out into the snowy wilderness to find the treasure she needs to be there.
An endearing unlikely heroine in an utterly charming escapade.
The filmmaking team of David and Nathan Zellner... have channeled Kumiko's visionary madness into a memorable, haunting and highly original American movie.
I can't say that this austere, beautiful movie satisfied my impatient desire for answers. (It seems, in fact, to be a rebuttal to that desire.) But I'll be thinking about Kumiko's journey for a long time.
Another vaporous Sundance hit...
The specifics of this movie are engaging, but the big picture stays buried.
Is the story, and its heroine's fate, a fairy tale or a delusion? If the former, the movie is as sweet as a Disney-inspired anime. If the latter, Kumiko is deeply sad.
Kumiko, the Treasure Hunter is a moody comic allegory about desperation, disconnection and dreams that uses Fargo, the Coen brothers classic, as a touchstone to examine modern life.
Kikuchi brought humanity to the robots-vs.-monsters action of Pacific Rim in a small supporting role, and she ups that much more with the meek title character of Kumiko ...
Strange as it sounds - and is - Kumiko comprises a lingering display of empathy for its heroine, marching stridently on through her own peculiar headspace.
What I saw was a case of filmmakers blissed out on their own hermetic concept.
She's a loner with a singleminded, completely absurd mission... And the film goes along with her, right to the curious end.
Kumiko feels like a collection of amusing and/or depressing riffs stitched together within a context that barely matters.
Lyrical, memorable and beautifully conceived film about a woman charging after an elusive dream misfires in its final moments.
The title of the movie seems to promise adventure, and the movie does deliver that, though not in the conventional manner.
The beauty of Kumiko, The Treasure Hunter comes from the Zellners treating a silly, whimsical premise with utmost seriousness.
A delicate, haunting study of a woman who has in several senses lost her way.
...grounded by a moving performance by producer Rinko Kikuchi who is surrounded by a memorable cast of supporting players. This melancholy comedy will haunt you.
Beautifully acted, smartly written, skillfully directed, and gorgeously photographed
Kumiko only comes into its own when [she] arrives in Minnesota and must deal with locals as she heads up to Fargo despite knowing very little English.
A deranged pseudo-feminist fable, Kumiko, the Treasure Hunter takes its tedious time getting to its unrewarding destination.
Stark, dark, bleak and funny. Just like "Fargo."
The Zellners may have their missteps as storytellers, but without question they're consummate image- and mood-makers.
The script posits sadness but can be uplifting and gives rise to various interpretations, ending in dream or warm fuzzy fulfillment of a vision.
It settles firmly into the perspective of a lost soul who finds solace in the swaddling security of fantasy.
The film, especially in its second half, after Kumiko lands at the Minneapolis-Saint Paul International Airport, is resolutely more invested in, and sympathetic toward, its heroine than her fetish objects.
A monumental bore from start to finish.
Is Kumiko simply naive, or is she mentally ill? The film's perfect ending doesn't try to solve that riddle, but it will make you feel as if you've just seen something hypnotically original.
Living up to the expansiveness that its Sega Genesis-like title suggests, Kumiko, The Treasure Hunter's action possesses that rare ability to take on a radically different meaning as its narrative unfolds
With an airiness that recalls both Jarmusch and at-times the aforementioned Coens, Zellner tightrope-walks between whimsical and gravid.
It's hard to think of a film that ties itself so closely to another cinematic text while still retaining such an original tone.
This quietly magnificent piece should put the Zellners on the map: one day, the Coens will make movies inspired by them.
An unlikely mix of true-life tragedy and urban myth inspired this sweet, melancholy comedy ...
Weirdly funny and weirdly sad, one woman's slo-mo nervous breakdown becomes an exercise in pathos that is unforgettably poignant.
This is a quirky and deadpan comedy with an undertow of sadness that not even the occasional scene-stealing close-ups of Kumiko's pet rabbit eating noodles can alleviate.
There can hardly be a bigger waste of time than this piece of twee nonsense.
A road movie which transcends its ultra-quirky log-line.
This smart riff on the Coen brothers' 1996 classic Fargo is is a blend of wonderfully offbeat black comedy and much darker themes involving a central character who...
Too shallow and incurious to succeed as a character study, the film drifts aimlessly in a manner that frustrates and finally alienates.
It's a unique, funny and ultimately crushing descent into the deep well of loneliness, that cannily blurs the lines between fantasy and reality.
A fascinating - at times illuminating - tightrope act, but rarely an enjoyable one.
Rinko Kikuchi's superb core performance and some striking photography stand out in the latest feature from the Zellner Brothers.
There's little doubt that Kikuchi has put a lot of herself into the role of Kumiko, but the film doesn't probe very deep. The film upholds the annoying tradition of festival cinema of being an extended anecdote rather than a sustained story.
A little long and convoluted, but it has a good heart and an absurdist wit
Odd, mystical, strikingly original ...
A peculiar oddity that should appeal to those whose tastes favor the offbeat.
Kumiko the Treasure Hunter is a real find... an oddly funny and often heartbreaking portrait of mental illness as well as exploration of both the freeing power and danger of cinephilia.
Kumiko, the Treasure Hunter continues to create dissent in my mind; and that certainly makes it worthwhile.
Kumiko, the Treasure Hunter is a wonderful little film that dares to dream, and dares you to dream with it.
There's a spooky poetry to the climactic sequences of Kumiko, as a one-of-a-kind individual disappears into the snow, in search of a memorable movie prop that also disappeared into the snow.
Its ambiguity should dazzle and delight; even in its darkest reading, Kumiko goes into the night softly, like a bunny rabbit retreating from the severity of the world.
It's the rare case of a story that's inspirational and devastating at once.
The film's great strength is in its eerie expressive visuals.
A delightfully mannered and eccentric delight.
Completely original, technically proficient, and simply mesmerizing.
Rinko Kikuchi is amazing as Kumiko.
Kumiko's unique vision makes for humour and pathos in David Zellner's film.
David Zellner co-wrote the screenplay with his brother Nathan, as two brothers pay homage to two other brothers who know how to make damn good movies - and yet this holds its own, in what is a more than worthy effort.
This movie could easily be cruelly humorous or embarrassingly overwrought, but walks the tonal tightrope over both.
One of the best films to ever premiere at Sundance.
A beguiling fable of buried treasure and movie-fed obsession.
A work of rigorously disciplined eccentricity, Kumiko, the Treasure Hunter is at once entirely accessible and yet appealing only to a rarified crowd ready to key into its narrow-bandwidth sense of humor.

@highlight

Powerfully acted and lovely to look at, Kumiko, the Treasure Hunter offers a treat for cinephiles with a taste for the pleasantly peculiar.