You're never watching one side of the X-Men cast and thinking "Oh man I really want to go back to the other side." Both sides worked equally well and having Wolverine as that center piece works really well.
An appalling, bloated film. This franchise is vast and twee -- and over.
The action setpieces here are spectacular, packed with ingenious displays of mutant teamwork and never overstay their welcome.
Overall, X-Men: Days of Future Past is slick fun, in the tradition of slick, fun summer movies. Just don't start thinking about the plot, because it won't hold together.
This is a movie with one of those diamond casts, full of award winners and nominees, and not one of them tries to overdo their role or gobble up screen time.
The race against time is the only genuine threat.
Director Bryan Singer infuses some actual humour up in this piece, and even though the whole thing is a sprawling, stupid mess (JFK?), it's entertaining, which is the best you can hope for in a series on track to outpace Nightmare on Elm Street.
It is especially impressive that Days of Future Past is a success; a film this gooey and complex, with such business-minded scope, should not feel like a real movie at all.
X-Men: Days of Future Past is, on its own, a fine film, funny in all the right places, impressively acted, and rousing in its action.
Their position in the league has slipped since Iron Man and co. But this one shows the X-Men still play a good mental game, one more suited for grown-ups who like their superpowered characters rubbing up against history and the real world.
Yes, it's a Marvel cartoon, but don't underestimate this very entertaining summer blockbuster's ability to shift our collective consciousness. It can tinker with your dogma.
X-Men: Days of Future Past is genuinely exciting and a complex addition to the franchise.
It's an absolutely lavish bouquet to series fans, who get to see the entire X-saga summarized and effectively reconceived through Wolverine's desperate and time-addled perceptions.
Fast-paced, darkly foreboding and plays loose and fast with the comic book and film canon.
X-Men: Days of Future Past is a smart, inspiring piece of filmmaking that will satisfy even the most discriminating comic book snob.
Well, if you're going to see only one comic-book superhero movie this summer, X-Men: Days of Future Past looks like your best bet.
[Bryan Singer] returns to give the franchise a needed energy boost, and while the dialogue's heavy on exposition, the action sequences feature enough crazy mutant superpowers to keep things reliably entertaining.
This is a bloated splurge of special effects and gamey acting -- to say it's no worse than last month's Spider-Man film is to point up the lacklustre year it's been so far for blockbusters.
There's a goofy boldness to the way they take the current awkward trend of rebooting a popular series and make it the literal goal of the mutants themselves.
It doesn't so much revive the franchise as it confirms that it's still breathing. Barely.
The teenaged Quicksilver, played by Evan Peters... grants this sometimes unwieldy lot of exposition a brilliantly entertaining set-piece, as he speeds around a prison chamber to the tune of Jim Croce's "Time in a Bottle."
It doesn't deliver as many "wow" moments as one might hope for, but as far as the X-Men franchise is concerned, it's one of the better installments.
It's an ingenuous screenplay that's marvelously executed by Singer, whose return to the series is more than welcome.
The best part of this film and the best thing to happen to the franchise as a whole is the casting of Michael Fassbender as Eric Lehnsherr/Magneto and James McAvoy as Professor Charles Xavier.
X-Men: Days of Future Past builds upon the outstanding First Class by offering up an immensely fascinating and spectacularly entertaining storyline that just goes to show how far this franchise has come in recent years.
It's a thoroughly impressive piece of work and works on all narrative levels.
A film loaded with snappy dialogue, winking in-jokes, and a fistful of terrific performances that add a layer of emotional resonance and moral complexity, grounding the material even as it threatens to fly away in a blizzard of flying shrapnel.
Singer eventually succumbs to the usual building destroying mayhem, but before he does, he stages two brilliant sequences early on that rank among the best set-pieces in any of these types of films.
I like that X-Men eschews the hipster cynicism of other superhero movies, and that Singer encourages the cast to give their performances Shakespearian vigour.
Solid acting, a storyline that creates tension even if you can anticipate the outcome, and killer action set pieces more than make up for the slightly overstuffed feel.
In an age when more and more movies just feel like stepping-stones toward the next, bigger things, is it so much to ask that it be a good movie all on its own?
X-Men: Days of Future Past is convoluted and some of it doesn't make sense but it's a complete blast from start to finish thanks to a fine cast, good sense of humour and Fassbender spouting James Brown lyrics at random.
Bryan Singer returns with a bang, firmly reestablishing his footprint on the series from the opening credits and putting his heroes through hell in the process.
X-Men: Days of Future Past is not only an enjoyable comic book film, it serves as an apologia for the messes of X-Men: The Last Stand and X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
Bryan Singer juggles more than a dozen mutants and whole heaps of story for a satisfying comic-book action spectacle and allegory.
This isn't a bad diversion, and it'll drive all the thoughts out of your head for two hours, but ultimately all you can feel is the pressure as it tries to break your heart.
You have the enviable cast, the powerful premise and yet the end result isn't as spectacular as it should've been.
For a complex plot with so many characters, the movie is surprisingly easy to follow because of the cogent and clever distinctions made between front-line and secondary plots and characters.
While Stewart and McKellen don't have much to do this time, their younger selves McAvoy and Fassbender deliver commendable performances.
I am a sucker for a good old-fashioned warp in the time-space continuum, and Days of Future Past gives us a spirited one.
This X-Men is fun, like Bryan Singer's previous effort, the 2003 X2: X-Men United -- light on its feet, light on story.
Maybe I'm getting cantankerous in my old age, but a barrage of cool special FX does not make a movie, at least not in my book, and the ongoing glut of seamless, more-real digital renderings only exacerbates the problem.
At no point does this dual-timeline setup ever feel like one unified project -- the aesthetics of mid-70's era America and the Vague Future Apocalypse are so wildly disparate as to feel like totally different movies.
I guess I am a sucker for these sort of time travel films, travelling back in time to change the course of history.
The surprise isn't spectacular set pieces, first-rate CGI or quality performances from an all-star cast. It's the brains behind the brawn: Days of Future Past is a tirelessly creative chunk of blockbuster bravado.
Although it might lack in the flare of some of its big screen comic book competitors, Days of Future Past does have plenty of "cool stuff" in its arsenal.
Now that's how you make a summer blockbuster!
Really, though, this is an excuse to let the all-star casts of the original trilogy and 2011's swinging 60s prequel share the same screen space while the effects crew comes up with nifty new gags and suitably spectacular set pieces.
X-Men: Days of Future Past has finally found the sense of humour that has been missing from the recent instalments in the series.
It trots along at a fair old pace, the cast doing a sterling job of keeping straight faces while spouting quasi-scientific gobbledegook.
The only auteurs guiding the creation of Days of Future Past are the talent agencies that put together the deal.
Singer and screenwriter Simon Kinberg deftly move between future and past, presenting the parallel storylines coherently and gracefully.
The action and effects are handled expertly and as with previous X-Men films and comics, there is speechifying, unlikely alliances, sudden betrayals and the dénouement will have fans of the original movies swooning.
Singer's direction is capable, with generally fulfilling use of 3-D technology and a thankfully dry sense of humour.
Here's the thing about comic book heroes. Despite all the noble talk about metaphors, idealism, truth and justice, they're basically just bully-boy fantasies of limitless male aggression... The X-Men, however, have always aspired to something different.
If you include two stand-alone Wolverine films, this is the seventh X-Men-related movie, and any series' movie No. 7 isn't supposed to be as good as this genre film that is full of both grandeur and fun.
X-Men: Days of Future Past not just a great comic book movie. It's the film X-Men fans have been waiting for. It's good to have the band back together.
It is complicated, granted, all this time travel, two sets of actors and overlapping grievances, but Days of Future Past streamlines the action so smoothly, you won't get lost.
The strength of the entire X-Men series is the actors, and James McAvoy's performance here as a pseudo drug-addicted, self-pitying young Charles Xavier is worthy of its own indie film.
It seems like all the summ er blockbusters this year are coming in spring, but Days of Future Past will surely hold up as one of the year's best.
Alternately thought-provoking, philosophical, and politically conscious. It's also seriously cool.
( ... ) one of the stars showboat nor are they overshadowed by the mind-blowing special effects.
A sublime adventure that deftly juggles character and plot.
The period details and zeitgeist echoes--along with one bravura sequence--make this another entertaining entry, though this rebooted, revised and repopulated franchise is starting to see diminishing returns.
Despite all of its flaws, X-Men: Days of Future Past is incredibly fun ... This movie doesn't take itself too seriously, and neither should its audience.
X-Men: Days of Future Past is a remarkable achievement.
This is the seventh X-Men film, the fifth team movie, and we're still dealing with the same "Eric says kill the humans before they kill us" vs. "Charles says give peace a chance" plot.
As with much of Singer's filmography, the intrigue of the idea ultimately overshadows the execution.
Shows Singer exercising some much-needed control over the franchise he built 14 years ago and wrangling a lot of loose ends -- a welcome return, and although the material itself is a little unwieldy, it successfully brings together characterizations.
A well-polished action vehicle that fits nicely into this franchise's canon of films, but it is by no means groundbreaking.
The picture has the energy of a classic cliffhanger serial and really zips along, skipping from one plot point to the next.
If you just think of each franchise X-Men film installment as a stand-alone alternative history, it will go easier for your brain.
... A rollicking good time that's satisfying in its own right and opens up many new sequel possibilities.
Ambitious and epic in scale and intimate in execution, X-Men: Days of Future Past seal[s] the deal on the slow-burn comeback started by clever prequel X-Men: First Class and pulpy spin-off The Wolverine.
I cannot recommend the film to anyone not firmly grounded in X-MEN lore
With references to Vietnam and with President Nixon as a key supporting character, the film continues the X-Men tradition of being politically and sociologically conscious...
The effects are as incredible as you might expect, and the cast delivers that mix of superhero and tongue in cheek that works so well for a modern audience.
In a film universe in which it's sometimes challenging to find at least one character to cheer for, this ensemble is loaded with them.
It lives. It breathes. It has a sense of humor. It is very probably the best comic book movie since Singer gave us X2: X-Men United back in 2003.
Previous X-Men films have gone overboard with the number of characters but X-Men: Days Of Future Past has found the right balance.
The cast is the best imaginable for this sort of thing.
the story's stakes are, despite the familiarly bleak post-apocalyptic setting, inherently more personal and intimate, which makes the film as a whole more emotionally gripping
A perfectly fine reboot for a series in dire need of one, as well as a very good and exciting X-Men film all around.
"X-Men: Days Of Future Past" is vibrant and entertaining.
The most astoundingly okay movie so far this year - which is apparently all it takes to earn high praise these days.
It's more like a Roger Moore James Bond movie, maybe even Moonraker but I say that as a Bond fan who appreciates the blatant outrageousness of Moonraker. If Moonraker sounds like an insult, then Days of Future Past is at least Octopussy.
Those with wistful memories of the 1970s will find plenty to like in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
That Singer fellow sure can make an X-Men movie.
Much of this takes place in the early 1970s, which gives the filmmakers an excuse to haul out lots of vintage kitsch and make some rather tasteless references to the Vietnam war.
Wonder of wonders, it has what too many blockbusters lack: villains with motivations beyond "world domination."
Continuing to be the most original and resonant of the Marvel superhero franchises, the X-men return in the capable hands of director Bryan Singer, who again stirs plenty of meaty subtext beneath the thrilling action.
...an erratic yet rewarding entry within this ongoing series.
Dark, enthralling and undeniably exhilarating, this is the X-Men movie for X-Men aficionados.
There is never a dull moment here as we watch on, uninterrupted, with constant interest in an ambitious display of paradoxes and riddles.
The results are both dazzling and intimate, clever and - during one tour-de-force sequence - spectacularly funny.
Does a fine job of portraying the broad-strokes emotional storytelling that popcorn movies are best at... very fun and very operatic, large and imposing and dazzling.
...funny, sharp, and breathlessly paced, and is one of the few films this year that are worth the exuberant price of a current 3D ticket. Bring on X-men: Apocalypse.
It's significantly better than most of the previous "X-Men" outings.
At least we can have moments like "Days of Future Past" where the crew that started it all can pop in and remind us of how it is supposed to be done.
X-ceptional movie fun.
On the whole, this film is well-acted and there is plenty of action. The plot could have been better, but most of the plot problems are not large ones. The special effects are very good, and the film looks good in 3D.
X-Men, a fabled franchise that, like a fine wine, just keeps improving with age.
Wolverine gets lots of camera time, visual effects look stunning, the time-travel theme is intriguing -- though sometimes confusing - and HOPE emerges as the film's appealing message.
While entertaining and bolstered by excellent pan-X-Universe performances, Days of Future Past is a grimmer, less exhilarating chapter in the saga.
Hits that sweet spot of being really exciting and just substantive enough to earn our engagement. In the comic book-movie realm, it sits comfortably in the upper echelon.
X-Men: Days of Future Past is full of sound and fury signifying box office.
A rollicking, if sometimes convoluted, good time, featuring a high-toned cast and a seriousness of purpose that sets it apart from the candy-colored Marvel-produced films and Sony's underwhelming Amazing Spider-Man series.
More of the same, only bigger, louder and messier as the pretty-good sequel to the very-good 2011 prequel pushes the "franchise extender" mentality currently consuming Hollywood to new extremes.
There's quite a bit to like about Days of Future Past, but it feels more like a step backward than the creative leap forward that Matthew Vaughn's prequel pointed towards.
Singer's reprise is too busy to make sense...two and a half cheers.
Blockbuster films so often blow so much of their budget on special effects but think of the plot as an afterthought. This one dares to reverse that mistake by investing heavily in its writing and allowing CGI to perfectly complement it.
It's that kind of movie: knowledgeable, emotional, and packed with incident and excitement.
In the glut of superhero films flooding theaters these days, the X-Men series stands above the rest.
It's more enjoyable than the other blockbuster action super-hero films that have been released so far this summer.
Captures the true essence of what has made and will make the X-Men's uncanny popularity survive and thrive in days of future and past.
This is Mystique's movie. The filmmakers are obviously making the most of Jennifer Lawrence's current star power by putting her right out front for this one.
A jumble of mutant melodrama that's pleasing but never wholly poignant.
one of the best X-Men movies ever made
Amazing what substance in performance can do to distract from the incredible and incredibly silly.
How do you screw up a movie starring James McAvoy, Hugh Jackman, Michael Fassbender, Nicholas Hoult and Peter Dinklage, to name a few? I'll give you a hint --- the script!
I would be remiss not to note that tucked away amid all the existential melodrama is perhaps the most hilarious set piece ever to grace a superhero film.
The novelty has worn off...but I think its greatest appeal will certainly be to devotees of the genre.
There's no zip, no driving force, no personality to these movies, other than what the overqualified actors manage to squeeze out of their individual scenes.
Sentinels, good, bad, future, past, who cares? This movie needs more Quicksilver!
X-Men earns another shot at being a seminal comic-book franchise.
X-Men: Days of Future Past succeeds at being a thrilling and fun superhero movie, balanced by well-earned dramatic weight.
Quicksilver ... is the coolest of this picture's new guys, zipping around so fast ... that he can taste soup, rearrange guards' limbs, and nudge bullets off their trajectories all in the time it takes to blink.
Singer not only elevates the action to delight the fans and newcomers but he delivers a fast-paced emotional storyline that blends in all of the previous films without confusing anyone. Certainly a first rate entertainment among the Marvel films to date.
Just solid fan service. Good action, decent actors, and a chance to see them all in action doesn't pardon the convoluted glut of messy time-travel exposition.
A pleasingly coherent, plot-driven action movie, positively streamlined by the standards of today's superhero blockbusters.
While the complex relationships between the large cast are emotive and genuinely compelling, there's plenty of humour on show.
Amongst the flying robots and the claws coming out and the ceaseless wisecracks, there isn't really much of a human story to grab on to.
Singer's clever uses of period style and sound... [provides] an extra dimension, beyond 3D visuals, capable of delivering a larger, deeper, emotional experience because it offers context to the endless, chaotic action.
[It's] filled to near bursting as its enormous cast scrambles through the vagaries of its time travel paradox-rich design. But Singer threads the needle with such apparent effortlessness in stitching it all together, the seams are practically invisible.
It's a solid installment. But it would've been a killer curtain call.
Simply put, Days of Future Past is the best X-Men yet, a superhero highlight reel that rivals The Avengers' energy and popcorn fun and matches The Dark Knight's brooding tone and memorable arch nemesis.
The plot is about a fearful society whose expansion of its security apparatus has unintended consequences, but Singer doesn't even touch the story's topical resonances... There's also no real moral quandary to be grappled with.
The complex movie begins juggling and balancing its storyline with astounding skill, as if its various pieces were made of metal and Magneto himself were in charge.
With Singer back at the helm and a marvelous cast to boot, "X-Men: Days of Future Past" is the best in the franchise and possibly the best superhero film yet this year.
"X-Men: Days of Future Past" uses fantastic storytelling and mesmerizing action to become the greatest film any mutants - teenage or otherwise - have ever been a part of.
Quite simply, "X-Men: Days of Future Past" ensures the legacy of the "X-Men" movies being among the best franchises the comic books have to offer.
Can I go back in time and not see the last WOLVERINE movie?
X-Men: Days of Future Past is a thrilling, hey-what-if comic-book movie that hits just about every mark you'd reasonably want it to hit. It's not easy to surprise in a blockbuster these days. It's a rare treat to find one that even tries.
Time-traveling superhero sequel has lots of action violence.
Perhaps more than any other superhero franchise, X-Men captures the overlapping fantasies of being unique yet not alone, and of being a hero but also being saved.
You'll love it if Marvel comic book movies are your thing. If not, it's a yawner.
Painfully, charmingly earnest, and intensely entertaining even when it's not making much sense. Does that one incredible action sequence make up for a creaky plot and Booboo Stewart? It's up for debate.
An overplotted conglomeration of events that I found diverting, yet meaningless and emotionally uninvolving.
Singer's gift for blending slamtastic action and monumental CGI setpieces with deep feeling and droll humor fully honors the classic Marvel comics.
If we have to have comic-book movies, they should all be this fun
With some careful retcon work and a rich understanding of mutant appeal, Singer has returned excitement and sophistication to the series, reemerging with a defined plan of attack in this sweeping sequel.
Even with its massive cast and its constant transitions between the past and the present, X-Men: Days of Future Past is able to deliver a cohesively brilliant film that is sure to be entertaining for both comic book and movie fans.
Even with its various stumbles and shortcomings, Days of Future Past provides consistently earnest and entertaining comic book movie spectacle
The latest in the series in no way lets down the six that came before, and sets a pretty high bar for the many doubtless yet to come.
Everything you want in a time-traveling, mutant-filled, disco-styled, over-the-top, effects-filled extravaganza.
After being burned out on the X-Men for a while, I'd be up for another outing. Maybe in the next film they can head back to the '80s ("Mr. Magneto, tear down this wall!")
To ensure long-term survival, this franchise needs to evolve. In terms of the competition, however, it's still light years ahead.
As action-packed as it is, the quiet moments work best and, like 2011's First Class, the superhero universe of the X-Men is a cut above its comparatively cheesier brethren.
Having already directed the first two (and superior) X-Men films, Singer shows a level of comfort with both the material and the cast ...
X-Men: Days of Future Past is the smartest and most complicated superhero movie in years.
You really should see X-Men: Days of Future Past on the big screen. The heart-pumping effects are worth it alone. And the cleverness and wit are outstanding.
The jailbreak is the film's most giddily entertaining episode... Witty, cheeky and utterly disarming, like mischievous prankster Quicksilver himself, the scene is a delight.
The Marvel machine cranks out another fine-tuned blockbuster with X-Men: Days of Future Past, a vigorous entry in the long-running franchise.
[Singer is] reborn - deft, elegant, spring-heeled - in X-Men: Days of Future Past. The special effects don't bog him down: They lift the movie to a surreal and more emotional dimension.
At its heart the X-Men story is a parable about difference, subjugation and redemption, an alternate history of humanity where justice evolves as the oppressed model the decency and responsible use of power they've been denied.
The Winter Soldier still rules the Marvel roost this year, but the Merry Mutants over at Fox refused to concede the crown without a fight.
Strap yourself in kids, because this is why you go to summer movies. Director Bryan Singer has absolutely nailed Days of Future Past.
This film still has enough substance (and a cast to drool over) to play far better than the likes of the over-hyped 'Avengers.' (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
Amazing
The fireworks, the super-power circus, lots of surprise cameos and Big Moments - "X-Men: Days of Future Past" has them all. Logic? Who cares?
Ambitious, even audacious, the movie's mix of action and for-devotees-only intrigue can overwhelm, but there are moments of sheer virtuosity, too ...
Could have been so much more if not for the relentless focus on Wolverine and Magneto. While their performances were good, just sucked the life out of the film. Felt like a retread of the far superior X-Men: First Class.
Delivers intelligent action, consistent humor, and a compelling narrative.
It's fun...but is it too much to ask for a more complicated plot that would merit this all-star line-up coming together for an allegedly epic event?
An audacious, thrilling adventure that's the most epic adventure yet featuring everyone's favorite mutants.
Bryan Singer has undoubtedly made the best X-Men film since X2, with a great premise that is not only complex and rooted in sci-fi, but one that also manages to correct just about every crappy decision made in X-Men: The Last Stand.
Even in the Marvel universe, the question of whether we can control our own fate arises. 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' is a star-studded, beautifully written film with both smarts and brawn.
What elevates this film above most of its predecessors is the dynamic action filmmaking and, above all, its wit.
Sequels can offer more of the same stories and characters that made their predecessors so successful or they can dare to be more. This movie dares to be more.
This is a satisfying entry, to be sure, and perhaps even the most ambitious, but the premise and its hulking ensemble are underused.
For those who felt The Last Stand was a poor exit for many of these characters, X-Men: Days of Future Past should at least salve the wound in part.
It is successful because the spectacle never outweighs the story, or more importantly, its characters.
The powerhouse knock-you-socks-off what-did-I-just-see moments come from Quicksilver (Evan Peters) in the most dull and domestic of settings, a kitchen.
X-Files, Xbox and X-Men - this brave new world suffers from a surfeit of X's. For those of you who think that X indicates buried treasure this latest instalment is probably best avoided.
It all builds to a climax that intercuts between past and present, but again, it's not the action ... that keeps us involved.
The characters - and the performers playing them - step unto the breach to provide just enough wit and feeling to make "Days of Future Past" something other than a waste of a reasonable person's time.
...Days of Future Past manages to never buckle under the weight of its unbelievable foundations to make for the summer's most satisfying blockbuster so far
In the capable hands of director Bryan Singer, who helmed the first two X-Men films, it's a nearly seamless adventure ride despite a plot that at times strains credulity.
If you are an "X" maniac, Singer's given you the movie you've been hoping for.
Time travel, Peter Dinklage and 1970s kitsch top a very long list of what makes "X-Men: Days of Future Past" such a blast.
The super-slow-motion scenes shot at 3,000 frames a second are the wittiest, and thrilling both for comic invention and simple physical beauty in their tumbling eyefuls. (It's the Rube Goldberg version of the end of Antonioni's "Zabriskie Point.")
The movie earns its keep with inspired one-off moments that showcase a mischievous sense of humor.
This deftly scripted and unusually affecting installment of the long-running series is marked by the notable return of director Bryan Singer, who succeeds in delivering a film that ranks among the very best of the franchise.
Once it reaches takeoff velocity, "Days of Future Past" becomes one of the best installments in the "X-Men" series.
For all its sociopolitical smarts and coded subtexts, the "X-Men" franchise, based on the Marvel comics, is primarily about entertainment, and this seventh installment is no different.
Veers between interesting and insipid for much of its running time.
A summer blockbuster that surges with creative action sequences and memorable characters.
With characters like the impish Quicksilver, the movie recaptures something of the spirit of the comic's early days.
There are many superhuman feats on display in the latest installment in the X-Men saga, Days of Future Past. Time travel. Saving the world from big, angry robots. A beautifully restored 1973 Buick Riviera.
Now *this* is how you make a summer tentpole movie..This mingling of X-Men past and present, young and old, is the best outing of the series to date, its themes front and center...its life and death mission cut with character driven comedy.
Step up, cynics, and see the summer 2014 blockbuster that gets damn near everything right.
The most exciting big-studio release so far this year is X-Men: Days of Future Past. It tops even Captain America: The Winter Soldier, another bold Marvel superhero film, for ambition, emotion and thrills.
Suspenseful and satisfying sequel/prequel.
"X-Men: Days of Future Past" is more than just a gathering of super-heroes. It's a symphony of superbly coordinated action scenes that, as a whole, will appeal to the mainstream, not just the comic book crowd.
X-Men: Days of Future Past does have its merits. Keeping its mouth shut is not one of them.
"X-Men: Days of Future Past" upholds the acceptably high batting average of Marvel's second-tier movie franchise.
Everything is of a piece, and it's dazzling.
I basically really enjoyed this movie, even while lamenting that I was enjoying it under mendacious premises and that there was something fundamentally cynical about its elegiac, retrospective tone.
The novelty has somewhat worn off after we've been bombarded by six previous "X-Men"/"Wolverine" efforts and umpteen other Marvel flicks. But the talent has never been better than in this rousing adventure.
Singer keeps tight narrative control over a complicated plot, showcasing his directorial gifts in a magnificent climax that shuttles between two timelines with artistry.
It's maximalist Hollywood filmmaking at its best, the kind of extravagant production that, like a Wagner opera, can sweep you up in a sense of mythic grandeur even as you struggle to follow what's going on.
It only conveys the awesome strangeness of its characters and their universe when director Brian Singer breaks away from the perpetual build-up of the film's unwieldy plot.
After a chunky, [derivative] opening, Bryan Singer's return to the world of 'Mutants are people too, only better' settles into a '70s-style actor's showcase.
Some sequels have such a complicated back story they should come with printed footnotes. The latest sequel in the "X-Men" series requires an encyclopedia that can be read in a fun-house mirror.
If more comic-book movies were like this, there'd be less complaining about how many of them there are.
Most important, there is an emotional undercurrent in this installment that the earlier films only aspired to.
It's what this series should have always been, a story about a small family of misfits who argue and disagree and sometimes betray each other, but who still can't help loving one another.
The problem is that these moments don't add up to much because the movie has very little in the way of actual stakes or tension.
A mind-bending thrill ride with great special effects.
Make no mistake: This one is for serious X-Men movie geeks. It does smart stuff with B-listers, papers over a few continuity burps and delivers a multivalent climax and denouement that pretty much defines "fan service."
"Days of Future Past" is, in itself, as intoxicating as a shot of adrenaline. It's what summer movies are meant to be.
It's a brilliant gameplan for a studio: Manipulate time and space to make the X-Men movies infinitely re-bootable, infinitely re-castable and assuredly profitable, until it sounds like, and is, a kind of prayer: Forever and ever, X-Men.
A giddy rush of superhero thrills, spills and epic set-pieces.
This is a fantastic movie. It looks great, has very good performances from a whole bunch of actors who I like a lot, and stages action sequences that are both coherent and impressive. The screenplay might be the best part of all
Singer does a nice job of connecting the bleakness of the '70s with the optimistic spirit that inspired the X-Men in the first place.
There's just enough right in "Days of Future Past" to off-set what's wrong.
It's like discovering your box of Milk Duds is really chocolate-covered vitamins.
The film X-Men fans have been waiting for. It lives up to their expectations and then some. A truly epic installment.
This is the best, most entertaining and mature comic-book Hollywood franchise currently in existence.
Drab in look and overly talky, X-Men: Days of Future Past lacks the life force and lilt of its 2011 predecessor, X-Men: First Class.
A dizzying but enjoyable ride.
In a film at one with its own absurdity, near-camp delirium is the strongest suit.
Singer, who directed the first X-Men movie 14 years ago, brings back a joyful comic book feel to the series.
Days of Future Past capitalizes on the audience's familiarity with the many players and their complex backstories, but never advances the ball down the field, tenders no new thought or wrinkle to the franchise.
Bold and entertaining, this is not as sleek or clever as X-Men:First Class, but makes up for those lapses with McAvoy's fiercely emotional performance and dazzling set pieces.
A double whammy for those suffering both superhero and time-travel fatigue.
Not only the best film in the 'X-Men' series, but one that rivals the best super-hero movies of the past. Inventive and slick in the best sense, it continues the franchise's rejuvenation and whets the appetite for more.
At its best, Days Of Future Past feels not just like an X-Men comic book, but like an X-Men comic-book crossover
The worry with a movie this crammed full of characters and incident will feel rushed and/or incoherent, but that's not really a problem here.
... the return of the franchise's prodigal son, Bryan Singer, and Oscar winning screenwriter Simon Kinberg adapting one of the defining X-Men comic arcs; the stars have aligned for the X-Men's answer to The Avengers.
An OK comic-book movie which, like so many of these efforts, has a reach that far exceeds its grasp. It's not bad but it could have been lots better.
Something old, something new, some Bolivar, something blue...
For better or worse, X-Men: Days Of Future Past is the first Marvel movie to truly embrace comics-style storytelling.
The movie finds a lot of success, largely due to solid work from a lot of extraordinary actors. They maneuver around a jam-packed plot that, in lesser hands, could have left you looking at your watch.
Both a satisfying capstone for the series so far and a solid starting point for future installments.
A perfect blend of all-audience sci-fi actioner and fans-only nerd-out.
What makes [it] more than just a thrilling science-fiction actioner is the past-present poignancy allowed by time travel and astral projection, indulging everyone's fantasy of telling a younger self what he or she needs to hear.
The real super-power in this fast charging chapter? It's James McAvoy, who manages to give a real, ferocious performance amidst the mutant splash we've come to expect.
This could have easily been one of those blockbusters that seemed tantalizing in the crowded hallways of Comic-Con yet resulted in a convoluted disaster. What we have here is an electrifying ride that grips until its last frame.
The most ambitious and ingenious of the long-running series, X-Men: Days of Future Past keeps the key crew of mutants busier than ever.
Unfortunately, after initially running hot with breathtaking 3D effects and a fascinating premise, Days Of Future Past gradually cools into an unnecessarily convoluted, compromised product.
Days of Future Past toys with history, but stays true to its outsider roots, expressing them with conviction and a sense of narrative sure-footedness. Even better, it's timeless fun, a summer movie that engages and entertains us in equal measures.
Once every couple of years, a movie comes along to remind us how satisfyingly complex the [superhero] genre can be.
"X-Men: Days of Future Past" does just about everything you'd hope an all-star, time-traveling summer blockbuster should.
[It's got] a lot of plot. And yet, despite resulting in a film that brings together the cast of the original X-Men films and the upstarts of the clever 2011 reboot X-Men: First Class, Singer keeps what matters clear and snappy enough.
... does have fits of ponderousness, taking itself too seriously, especially when the two Charleses meet and morals of everyone's stories are poetically expressed. Being the smartest superheroes on the block being busted occasionally has a downside.
The film is visually exciting, aping the look of period camerawork effectively in several 1970s scenes. The actors aren't overwhelmed by effects for the most part.
X-cellent, X-citing, X-hilarating!
Thrilling, heady and not just a little funny, it's easily as good as Singer's other X-films, and rivals the best of the Marvel-based movies to date.
Singer's return in the pretzel-logic pop fantasia X-Men: Days of Future Past is so triumphant because of how effortless he makes connecting the dots seem. It's an epic that couldn't be more Byzantine on paper but scans with ease on screen.
It all trots along at a brisk pace with genuinely impressive special effects and decent gags. Bryan Singer really cares about his mutant outcasts, weaving just enough drama into the superhero shenanigans.
The return of Wolverine and many other original X-Men gives a welcome jolt of familiarity to this complex, funny and often spectacular adventure.
The most enjoyable and unexpected element of the film is Evan Peters as the super-speedy yet laid-back mutant teen Quicksilver.
"X-Men: Days of Future Past'' blows a breath of fresh air through the musty Marvel universe, which increasingly is all about pandering to hard-core fans rather than trying to make good movies for everybody.
The first "fun" summer blockbuster and maybe the best X-Men movie yet.
It isn't the best of the series but it lets fans enjoy younger and older versions of some of the characters and play in this corner of the Marvel Universe.
Traz alguns dos melhores momentos de toda a franquia.
Bold and ambitious, X-Men: Days Of Future Past is an admirably controlled thrill-ride tempered with perfectly shaded moments of arcing darkness.
Perhaps the most astonishing thing is that this movie is as elegant as it is.
X-Men movies: always promising, never fulfilling... "Ooh, look at how well the production was scheduled," we'll whisper to one another, feeling nothing else at all.
The film is unfailing in its attention to detail, brutally unforgiving in its fan-service, and riddled with genuine moments of exultant joy.
It's state-of-the-art thrill ride stuff of the kind we hope for in superhero movies but seldom get. Bravo.
Dancing between the fun and the all-out ridiculous with surprisingly nimble feet, X-Men: Days of Future Past is an absolute blast.
A bold, dark and important chapter in a superhero franchise that continues to evoke the past atrocities of man, in order to portray a fantastic fable of hope amidst hopeless times.
It's all such rollicking fun it's hard to care about the occasional baffling moment.
With director Bryan Singer comfortably back in the saddle, there's a wondrous sense of scale about this ambitious Marvel adventure as the element of time travel to the 70's offers a springboard for unbridled creativity and imagination.
It's a character-driven comics movie that mostly forgets about the characters as characters.
In the end, it's the cast that makes the movie so compelling and prevents it from being another noisy action-fest.
What we do get here is largely fantastic, not only re-energising old-favourite characters but introducing intriguing new ones.
The problem here is an absurdly convoluted screenplay that leaps back and forth in time in a manner that is both confusing and increasingly irritating.
With the principal players all on top form, some arresting set pieces and a nice mix of humour and drama, Days of Future Past does more than enough to overcome its imperfections and keep fans satisfied.
Largely derivative but without feeling lazy, this is an X-outing that takes the best elements of the previous films, particularly the plot of X2, and rehashes it all through a hue of darkness.
With style, heart and thrills, Singer has nailed the most ambitious X-flick yet. Popcorn pizzazz combines with X2's emotional sweep and something extra: a platform for the X-Men's screen survival.
The epic and exciting X-Men: Days of Future Past is the biggest & best entry in the franchise since X2.
That it all makes sense and is up there with the best X-movies is actually quite uncanny.
Even if Singer never makes one of these again, he can leave knowing that he delivered something that showed real growth, something that makes me think this series has plenty of stories left to tell.
A perfectly fine follow-up to X-Men: First Class and a nice way to offer some closure for Bryan Singer's earlier X-men movies.
For all its ambitious plotting, this X-Men is really an effective merger of the franchise's two separate incarnations ...
It's a film that serves as a prequel, a sequel and a bridge between the two. And, most of all, it serves as a giant "f ... you" to X-Men: The Last Stand.
Striking in its ambition, assured in its execution, and compelling throughout.
One of the best films in this admittedly slapdash series.
The best, most complete and most entertaining X-Men movie we've ever seen.
Not since 2003's "X2: X-Men United" has this filmmaker tapped so effortlessly into his talent for comicbook gravitas, his ability to mine emotional resonance, pop poetry and (crucially) sly humor ...
While it's more dramatically diffuse than the reboot and lacks a definitive villain, the new film is shot through with a stirring reverence for the Marvel Comics characters and their universe.
This overstuffed, action-packed sequel has grandeur and elegance. But it's also sufficiently funny and emotional, capably interweaving big themes into the mix as well.
Bryan Singer keeps things moving along briskly enough that you can just go along with the ride of Superhero Stuff without getting bogged down in the labyrinthine plotting if you don't want to.
A curate's egg, thoroughly scrambled.
A powerful cocktail of nostalgia and new frontier - quite simply it's the grandest, most ambitious X-Men movie yet.

@highlight

X-Men: Days of Future Past combines the best elements of the series to produce a satisfyingly fast-paced outing that ranks among the franchise's finest installments.