The dialogue may be unspeakable, but the film remains unsinkable.
Cameron's aim was to set the most intimate love story possible against one of the century's biggest tragedies, and he very nearly pulls it off. DiCaprio has a captivating presence in a role that might have been written for a young Clark Gable.
What I can tell you, risking puns, is that it swept me off my feet almost from the get-go, a grand epic romance-disaster that reminded me, in the middle of my overstuffed-with-movies life, of what we mean when we talk about the power of cinema.
Sure, 'Titanic' may be corny, clumsy, and obvious-but the sincerity of its emotions and the power of its spectacle endure.
Cameron has devised a tender love story between Kate Winslet and Leonardo DiCaprio that serves as the main focus of Titanic's storyline, and it works beautifully.
If computer-generated special effects have overpowered human-generated drama, Cameron seizes that dangerously cold technology and recasts it as dream and delirium, profoundly human in its sources and longings.
The execution is state-of-the-art and breathtaking. Titanic offers the full compass of courage and cowardice, and it stands as an achievement that truly is a night to remember at the movies.
Titanic provides an absorbing blend of historical fact and old-fashioned Hollywood tearjerking.
Titanic is indeed a ship of dreams. Climb aboard and bon voyage.
DiCaprio and Winslet both deliver star-making performances.
Take one of history's most compelling tragedies, tell it through the lives of two engaging young lovers and show it with some of the best-ever special effects and you have a dazzling, exciting movie that is also poignant and personal.
It's a technically magnificent and emotionally wrenching experience.
Titanic is an awesome achievement, a traditional Hollywood epic that dazzles your eyes, breaks your heart and shivers your soul.
DiCaprio manages a good mix of youthful bravado and nervous uncertainty... And Winslet shines as a willful rich girl who discovers her sensual side with this earthy urchin.
With his beatific, sweet, open face, DiCaprio gives us a rooting interest in hoping that someone important to us survives the wreck.
Titanic 3D lacks creative synergy that could have been explored had the film been shot with 3D in mind but its easily the best example of post-conversion to date.
A staggering film, layered with melodramatic romance, tragedy, intensity and breathtaking production design.
Jack and Rose actually cause the Titanic to hit the iceberg. Watch closely.
Director James Cameron takes one of his most beloved historical incidents and transforms it in to a McDonald's product...
While I admit the film does not impress me as much as it does most other people, there is no questioning its passion and excitement.
When the bolts start to pop and the water bursts the bulkheads and the ship's orchestra plays waltzes, writer-director Cameron achieves his vision grandly.
The most breezy 194 minutes ever to grace the multiplex.
The clunky dialogue, historical inaccuracy and overdose of Billy Zane in the opening stanza of the film is all but forgotten in one of the most emotionally affective, thrilling closing stanzas ever committed to celluloid.
'Titanic' is an epic that's see-worthy indeed. Directed/written/produced by James Cameron, its $200 million budget shows in its glorious effects, dazzling camera work and lavish sets, now, with the addition of Cameron's carefully crafted 3-D.
Yes, it is time to return to the chilly North Atlantic to appreciate again James Cameron's glorious epic, for its scope, underappreciated script and perfect casting.
Two spitting scenes in 3D and Jack Dawson loses his virginity. A second look indicates a cruel streak in the modern epic.
Spoiler alert! The ship still sinks.
It is, simply, a great film, a throwback to classic filmmaking, and more than that, an experience with unusual resonance to the world of today.
The kind of mass death spectacle Michael Bay is frequently accused (and often guilty) of partaking in is much better encapsulated in Titanic's final third.
If you can get past the occasional Cameron clunker (Who can forget, "I'm the king of the world!") and Zane's almost amusingly over-the-top turn as Cal, Titanic still manages to make the tragedy seem more vivid than a statistic in a history book.
Forget that we know how it all ends; it's the drama of dealing with eventuality that tells the real story here.
15 years ago, I didn't let Titanic into my heart, now I get it. Movie is fantastic, but utterly fails as a 3D reissue.
While Titanic can't touch Cameron's true classics, The Terminator and Aliens, it's nevertheless better than Avatar, a surface treat that can't match the emotional pull of this alternately tragic, alternately triumphant tale of two star-crossed lovers.
Simply one of 20th century cinema's greatest, old-fashioned love stories, full of still impressive effects (pre 3D) and decent, if theatrical acting ...
Titanic evidences the secret of his longtime success, a talent more impressive even than Cameron's technical prowess: his ability to find stories that tap into greater truths and deeper feelings.
Forget women and children, what about truth and realism first?
We know the story ends badly but Cameron still sweeps us up in the romance between Kate Winslet's rebellious posh girl and DiCaprio's steerage kid.
Titanic still works brilliantly; it's a grand-scale studio epic with the heart of a romance and the pulse of an action movie. It's the only American film that rivals Gone With The Wind for both swoonery and production value.
Titanic is a movie that has to be seen on the big screen and will enchant a new generation of fans. A must-see 3D experience.
It has itself become, like the shipwreck, a cultural monument, only accreting value, not losing significance, as time goes by.
Cameron hasn't plugged any of the plot holes and some dialogue is still cheesy but now, just as in 1998, we forgive him a multitude of sins.
Cameron's three-hour disaster epic is a triumph of popular art -- of folk art, really.
"Titanic" still amazes as the kind of massive, build-and-destroy production that few filmmakers have the ambition or budget to make.
[Cameron] stages the sinking with a flawless sense of detail, pacing, import and dread.
For all of its flaws, this movie works in the way that classic Hollywood movies do. It delivers.
Its emotional impact lies in the fact it makes even the most blasé of us feel what it must have been like to be on the sinking ship. And the film's underlying themes still have potency.
Only the snobbish or the obtuse could deny its ambition, verve and entertainment firepower.
This version has deepened and enriched a film that was already rich in emotions and remarkable for its depth of detail.
How is Titanic in 3D? The answer is pretty damn dazzling.
Those who've only seen it on video don't think the film is that big a deal. Trust me, it is. Even with the dragged out love story, Cameron's film is still mind-blowing.
Titanic went from a certain failure to a feature everyone had to see. If you were in a training bra during its initial theatrical release, you probably saw it a few more times than everyone else.
If you fancy indulging in pure, unadulterated silliness and spending a night in the '90s, this is a good bet. Otherwise...
Reissued to tie in with the 100th anniversary of the Titanic's ill-fated maiden voyage, it's astonishing how timeless the film looks. And as a true classic, it doesn't lose our attention for a moment.
Titanic is a sumptuous assault on the emotions, with a final hour that fully captures the horror and the freezing, paralysing fear of the moment.
Cameron is a genius at instilling narrative dread and designing a hokum-drenched fairy tale of a certain size.
Like the film or don't like the film, there are very few filmmakers working now or ever who could have done what Cameron did here, no matter what resources they had.
Near, far, wherever you are sitting in the theater, the newly revamped Titanic now has stuff coming out at you.
If any film should be redone in 3-D, it's "Titanic." And if any filmmaker should be the one doing the redoing, it's James Cameron.
A timeless epic that gets me every time (yes, I needed my own life raft at the screening), the power of the storytelling and the performances by Kate Winslet and Leonardo DiCaprio grip throughout.
It's so easy to see how this film that's still so enjoyable from start to end has become so iconic.
Revisiting Titanic on the big screen, this time in impressive 3D, is a welcome reminder of solid blockbuster movie magic.
The central love story involving steerage passenger Leonardo DiCaprio and rich girl Kate Winslet has lost none of its luster - metaphorically speaking.
With a 3D conversion from the medium's pioneer-in-chief, Titanic is a big-screen romance that's every bit as epic as you remember.
It's for old-fashioned romantics who want to see a classic love story on the grandest scale.
It's certainly a jaw-dropping big screen experience, even though the outcome is never in doubt. Just make sure you bolt for the door once Celine Dion's caterwauling kicks in.
A thoroughly gripping, emotionally powerful, genuinely thrilling and, yes, achingly romantic drama with jaw-dropping special effects and star-making performances from DiCaprio and Winslet.
"Titanic 3D" works because it's still "Titanic," a satisfying merger of newfangled effects and oldfangled melodrama. Judging by the wave of sniffles at the sneak preview screening I saw Tuesday night, it's a formula that endures 15 years later.
The re-release is keenly timed with the 100th anniversary of the actual sinking of the RMS Titanic, yet another factor to validate the 3D film's existence.
Sure, it's corny, but there's something endearing about the tale of young love and its earnest lack of irony.
Leo and Kate give good doomed romance but it's the human horror of the collision, botched evacuation and final sinking that devastates most.
Cameron's detractors grouse about his use of scale and spectacle to invest archetypal, even clichéd stories with an extra, unearned emotional significance. They're absolutely right, with one crucial caveat: there's absolutely nothing unearned about it.
Like Kathy Bates' "unsinkable" Molly Brown, "Titanic" is unabashedly American: It's big, brash and sometimes gauche, yet also unapologetically earnest, amazing to look at and devoted to its own cause. And it knows how to win us over.
Overall, for a blockbuster movie about one great big thing hitting another great big thing, the new film shows distinctly upper-deck restraint.
The letdown factor has been most keenly felt in conversions from 2D, but Titanic 3D shows how the ambition can be realized if the will and skill are there. We can only hope that other filmmakers follow Cameron's example.
But the power of Titanic didn't come from originality; it came from punching clichés across with a seldom-seen directness and sincerity that seemed pure of heart, "old-fashioned," or plain corny, depending on your perspective.
James Cameron's spectacular new 3-D version of "Titanic'' is everything I'd hoped for, and more.
I found the length tedious, some of the dialogue eye-rolling and some of the digital effects lacking (the digital ship's digital wake seemed puny) when "Titanic" first came out. But those quibbles fade with time.
Here is a rare opportunity to return to something you once loved, and discover it still holds up, no apologies necessary.
Still a spectacular cinematic experience that, if nothing else, will remind moviegoers why they fell in love with it in the first place.
A modern-day take on the classic Hollywood romance, delivered with the kind of panache long thought lost to the sands of time, that proves essentially timeless.
Turns out hubris and greed float, like sorrow.
The unprecedented special effects...never overpower the fictional love story and historical human tragedy which are presented. It's not only awe-inspiring, it's surprisingly moving.
As dreadful as another post conversion of a blockbuster may sound, this is as good as it gets
Great movie, but not appropriate for all kids.
Exactly what it says on the label: a deliciously overwrought melodramatic love story, capped off with one of the greatest special effects achievements of the 1990s.
Feeling dispassionate about Titanic is a bit like being stranded alone on the North Atlantic.
Extravagant, exhilarating, devastating, poetic, romantic and totally unforgettable, Titanic is an extraordinary achievement in film making, where technology astounds, yet the human story shines even brighter
You will walk out of Titanic not talking about budget or running time, but of its enormous emotive power, big as the engines of the ship itself, determined as its giant propellers to gouge into your heart, and as lasting as the love story that propels it.
Now it can be told: The Titanic went down because of two distracting smoochers on the poop deck.
In the end, Cameron's monumental epic still prises open the tear ducts.
A spectacular demonstration of what modern technology can contribute to dramatic storytelling.
Titanic is a good, often stunning movie caught in a three-and-a-half hour drift.
This is Cameron at his best.
Titanic is big, bold, touchingly uncynical filmmaking.
Cameron skillfully applies sophisticated special effects to classic American storytelling, resulting in a winning combination of a tale that's modern and old-fashioned, delivering the goods expected of the disaster genre.
There is nothing to dislike about this film.
Titanic runs well enough in the backstretch of intrigue and contrivance to cross the finish line well ahead of all but a few of the screen's superspectacles in this century.
Perhaps the most melancholy thing about Titanic is its celebration of romantic ideals to the exclusion of such self-denying virtues as honor, duty, and heroism.
Cost: well over $200m. Disregarding the ethics of such expenditure on a film, this unprecedented extravagance has not resulted in sophisticated or even very satisfying storytelling.
A brilliantly designed, but emotionally shallow romance set during the infamous sinking of the luxury liner in 1912.
A grand and classy production.
It's something of an ingenuous revision of the standard disaster movie.
An enormous technical achievement with a wonderfully big heart.
The spectacle of the ship will enchant you, and the tragedy of the victims will haunt you for many days after you've seen it.
Abyss-mal.
Rose and Jack are burdened with simplistic characterisation and atrocious dialogue.
The plot before the collision is almost dispensable, but from that moment on, it is absolutely riveting.
Yes, Jack Dawson and Rose DeWitt Bukater are flimsyish characters, but DiCaprio and Winslet still have the formidable challenge as actors to gauge the levels of their performances against the galvanizing visual and technotronic aspects of the film.
The film is the best of the year.
An old-fashioned epic, a brawny drama built on tragedy, adventure, romance, charismatic stars and jaw-dropping, high-tech special effects.
It lasts 3 hours, and I wasn't bored for a second.
Quando eu saí do cinema não era apenas um espectador fascinado. Era um sobrevivente do Titanic.
Titanic is awesome even when it's awful -- you can't take your eyes off the extraordinary thing.
The film's long final phase is a harrowing series of sublime images of death and those about to die.
The finale is a special effects dazzler but those scenes pale in comparison to the dramatic and creative ways Cameron exalts the salvific power of love.
If when you see this film, you believe it's credible, God bless you and your unfortunate offspring with their damaged gene pool.
Despite its failings it's hard not to become swept up in the sheer grandeur of Titanic.
The incredible finale more than makes up for its other crimes.
In his brilliant, monumental film Titanic, one of the most popular and beloved Hollywood movies of the past 50 years, James Cameron revisited that night in all its horror and glory.
What really brings on the tears is Cameron's insistence that writing this kind of movie is within his abilities.
This is a fine example of Hollywood filmmaking. This is a studio film in the best sense of the word.
Cameron succeeds magically in linking his film's young lovers, played enchantingly by Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet.
May be the year's most effective and consistently entertaining love story.
You don't just watch Titanic, you experience it.
All things considered, Titanic is old-fashioned epic filmmaking that carries a wallop.
Bursting through gaps in the hull, rushing down corridors, licking at rooms, triumphing over great ballrooms and tiny closets, down stairways and into elevators, the sea, in the hands of Cameron and his technical associates, becomes hungry, vindictive.
Glub glub glub.
I found myself convinced by both the story and the saga.
The disaster is definitely worth the wait.
No other film has made the horror of the ship's sinking so palpable, and none other has dared to dramatize the night of the living dead that followed after it sank beneath the North Atlantic.
Like it or hate it, Titanic lives and breathes as a piece of pure cinema.
The would-be emotional centerpiece of his three-hours-plus adventure flick is the most juvenile romantic tale of 1997.
Like a David Lean film, it is an intimate epic with a moving and resonant love story at its core.
Who'd have thought that the most expensive film ever made could also be good cinema?
A lush and terrifying spectacle of romantic doom.
The movie raises important questions about choices faced by the characters.
James Cameron has made a miracle movie that delivers big-time.
Watching the film again, it suddenly struck me with the force of a pop-culture hurricane: Titanic is all about Rose. It is Rose's personal journey. This hardly ever happens in films...
The genius of Titanic does not lie in the story itself. It lies in how the story is told.
Titanic is a great, soft-hearted traditional epic.
Titanic is a film that sweeps us away into a world of spectacle, beauty and excitement.
This disaster-action-adventure-romance flick combines epic aspiration with cartoonish simplicity, with no qualms about going for the popular jugular, jerking tears and cheers with equal obviousness.
An unconscionable disaster...
James Cameron has gone and delivered a spectacular, moving, utterly engrossing three-and-a-bit hour epic.
You've never seen a film of more stunning visual splendor.
Titanic is one of his best, and raises the bar yet again.
An overwhelming cinematic experience which stuns, moves and entertains.
The melodramatic love story is the perfect foreground for the sinking of the largest passenger ship in history.
Titanic is not a perfect film, but it is a great film nonetheless.
Titanic is big-budget spectacle and director Cameron brings it off with high-tech bravura, placing us aboard the ship in real time.
As spectacle, Titanic sets a new standard; as romantic drama, it's substandard.
It's still by far and away a grand, gorgeous, breathtaking spectacle.
Titanic is a terrific balance of realism and romanticism.
This absorbing, moving cinematic spectacle not only floats, it soars.
It is filmmaking at its best.
Cameron has crafted an epic that triumphs.
It is perhaps the best example in 1997 of a film which is pure, simple melodrama.
A wonderful masterpiece of a film.
Forgive me if I gush too much, for I have just come back from seeing one of the five best films ever made.
Kudos to stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet, who make an appealing onscreen couple.
Credit Cameron for locating that latitude-longitude spot where haunting loss intersects with sheer cinematic braggadocio. His movie may not be perfect, but visually and viscerally, it pretty well is.
Whatever it's pigeon-holed as, you're going to love the movie.
There's a lot to like here.
It's clear that Titanic will be a technophile's delight.
But what's most impressive about Titanic is the evidence it shows of new maturity in Cameron's filmmaking priorities.
Titanic will give you your money's worth.
Titanic is a remarkable achievement.
The last hour of Titanic is huge and staggering, but there's no horror in it.
Titanic is awash in truncated subplots.
Titanic is one of those flawless, spellbinding epics that we all know and love.
It is opulent, daring, detailed, vastly over-priced and incomparable.
The regretful verdict here: dead in the water.
The best film of its genre ever made.
The drama is cliched, if competently effective, but Cameron's dissolves from the Titanic's rusted hulk to her brand spanking new decks are breathtaking, even poetic.
To take the space to try to convey to you all of the things that Cameron did right with this film would basically wipe out my alloted server storage.
This is a big film with a lot to like as well as a lot to not.
The movie's human elements are entirely stale, however appealingly packaged.
Time skips by quickly, and there are more than a few decent supporting performances to enjoy.
What Cameron does is essentially give us a history lesson in an empowering, emphatic, entertaining way. This extraordinary flick feels like a big event with a litany of emblematic scope and impressive visual vitality.
This man makes the bluest looking movies around
The events of that cold April night and their detailed reconstruction are so dramatic and so well represented here, that you really do feel as if you are there with Jack and Rose.


@highlight

A mostly unqualified triumph for James Cameron, who offers a dizzying blend of spectacular visuals and old-fashioned melodrama.