Takashi Shimizu telegraphs scares to the point of numbness. Peek under a table? There's the boy! The room a bit too quiet, is it? It's the girl! All that's frightening are the actors' pained facial expressions, suggesting an epidemic of farty indigestion.
It's a random series of attempted frights that fails at every turn.
Seven films later, with the conventions of throat croaking and neck cracking having moved into camp, it's amazing that Shimizu can still find new ways to turn the old screw.
Repetition is the death of horror.
Pale-faced, staring, mute Japanese kids strike back.
...nothing more than a needless rehash of its predecessor...
full review in Greek
Those who didn't find The Grudge scary will be disappointed with The Grudge 2 -- it's almost a repeat of the original film but with new victims.
The Grudge 2 starts out ridiculous, then gets boring, then irritating.
The Grudge 2 is one of the more flavorful American J-Horror adaptations I've seen (and I've seen 'em all), well-paced and, at times, genuinely scary.
Every moment of intended terror becomes a slapstick gem, carefully constructed boo frights hit with the hilarity of Lucille Ball stepping on a rake
... Lazy, unimaginative storytelling that tries to fool the audience into thinking it's clever.
Rather than following the story of the Japanese sequel Ju-on 2, the English-language Grudge 2 is based on an original script by Stephen Susco. Unfortunately, there isn't much about it that feels all that original.
Japanese director Shimizu may be the only director in history to have helmed a pair of Hollywood remakes of his two biggest hit films and managed to screw up both of them.
just a quick scare and then back to the nonsensical and diluted story.
Low calorie horror, it's propped up by set-piece shocks familiar from any of the other five incarnations of Ju-On: The Grudge.
Despite some nifty Japanese style tricks and ghostly illusions this isn't scary. It's muddled, same-old mayhem, just with a more international cast going crazy.
Don't know about you, but I've seen enough weird women with long hair and heard enough of those screechy violins and atonal sound effects to last a lifetime.
These films are popular with teenagers who haven't seen it all before, who don't see every jump scare coming a mile off.
Please let's pull the plug on this insanely over-promoted, over-rated horror brand.
...yet another American remake...of an incomprehensible Japanese horror film...
Consequently, The Grudge 2 is ruthlessly uneventful and as generically scary as stale pumpkin pie two weeks removed from a sedate Halloween party.
Some unsettling moments here, but the evil ghost itself is a predictable one-trick pony.
Vapid, silly and about as scary as an Adam Sandler film.
I'm not sure what fans see in these movies but, whatever it is, here it is again in "Grudge 2."
What's a bad sequel but a revenant soul doomed to repeat itself?
With newfound freedom, the grudge-bearing specter is soon all over the place, shedding her long hair in various shower stalls and clogging drains on a global level.
It's hard to know where to begin with this sorry sequel, because when it was over, I felt like I hadn't actually seen a movie. Everything about it just evaporates immediately.
More abstract art than conventional horror cinema, it's more interested in parsing the idea of repetition, the basis and method of revenge.
For all intents and purposes, The Grudge 2 is a parody of itself and the most recent wave of Japanese horror.
Chen's bizarre, wooden acting -- full of awkward pauses -- only emphasizes just how awful Susco's script really is.
Like its progenitor, The Grudge 2 is filled with defective light bulbs, scummy bath water and camera work that makes even teenage flesh look mottled.
It is a testament to the power of filmmaking that even a waste of time like Grudge 2 can raise a slew of interesting questions to keep you thinking for a long time after leaving the theatre.
Takako Fuji and Ohga Tanaka, as the ghosts, do MTV Movie Award-caliber work by just crouching in a phone booth.
It isn't a bad movie, just a redundant one.
The Grudge 2, Takashi Shimizu's wildly uneven but ambitious new film -- his second American remake -- is one of the best entries in the Japanese director's Ju-On/Grudge series.
Very little about the plot actually makes sense, but who needs logic when you've got a creepy ghost child and his banshee mom lurking around?
Shimizu actually behaves as if he's making a good movie, flexing his stylistic muscles such that you're still jumping at ghost-moments long after you've been conditioned to expect them.
These days, spinach is scarier than anything that unfolds in "The Grudge 2." The film is such a waste, it could have benefited from the inspired and truthful title found in the recent "Jackass" movie. "The Grudge Number Two" comes closer to the mark.
The movie is utter junk, suitable perhaps for late-night TV, but not for the thousands of big screens on which it opened yesterday.
Grudge 2 is such a complete rehash of its predecessor that it's likely that those who haven't seen the original (American or Japanese versions) will enjoy the sequel more than those who have.
It basically repeats the events of the first film with some roles reversed and perversions intensified. For all its visual audacity, The Grudge 2 is quite predictable in its pattern of behavior.
Even my pathological love of Japan and its beauties, glories and eccentricities is sorely tested by The Grudge 2, from Takashi Shimizu, a movie so bewildering and impenetrable that I believe it siphoned off a good 40 IQ points.
We're treated to almost every ghosting and gruesome dispatch from the first film, just in a different order.
Tiresome, repetitive, ominously boring...
This particular Grudge proves too pointless to bear.
Like The Grudge before it, there are multiple plots here, but this time they are more tenuously related.
If you have your unholy and unstoppable spirits crawling out of photo developing solution to chill the crowd, maybe this series should've quit while it was ahead.
Shimizu has mastered the American art of pandering to a target demographic.
If the Hollywood remake of The Ring spawned a short-lived interest in so-called "J-horror," The Grudge 2 ought to finally end it.
It's the revenge of the gray people and this time everyone will hold a grudge because they've made this same movie 3 times now and it still isn't worth seeing.
Far from a horror fright-fest, The Grudge 2 generates laughs instead of the intended chills.
The film feels more like several small, disconnected pieces thrown together rather than a satisfying whole.
For legitimate frights that don't rely on gore, Grudge 2 fits the bill. Just don't go in expecting to make sense out of the convoluted story, because there isn't any.
The Grudge 2 merely confirms that the series (and, perhaps, the J-horror genre as a whole) has finally run its course
The Grudge 2 is just a mélange of images, some mildly disturbing, but mostly just variations on a theme: an unblinking eye, a spectral presence lurking in a dark corner, a sexy schoolgirl in uniform.
Story is incidental, as auds merely anticipate the scares.
The more Grudge films you see, the more the rules in this universe are unveiled as totally random -- to the point where you stop caring.
If I was a ghost trapped in this movie, I'd be pretty angry too.
Still, I can't say I enjoyed this one half as much as I did the first.
If Shimizu's aging idea of rage-made wraiths were true, caterwauling critics would be crawling all over the multiplex right about now.
While [The Grudge 2] deserves some credit for creating and sustaining a creepy atmosphere, it doesn't matter much when the plot doesn't go anywhere.
I mean, for all I know, I could be cursed for just watching this nonsense. Wait, what's that under my desk?
There are a couple of good jumps here and there, but we've seen this all before. And the creepy, dead girl, having been infinitely parodied (especially in Scary Movie 4), doesn't seem quite so creepy anymore.
A needlessly complicated, totally redundant follow-up to a mediocre original.
The horrific child with huge eyes and the pale waif with a curtain of black hair continue to torment the innocent by appearing unpleasantly under desks and in reflections.
"The Grudge 2" has no substance, no suspense, numerous fade-outs, and finally no explanation. Better to rent the original.
All movies like The Grudge 2 leave us with is a sense of bored futility.
Everything that made The Grudge original, unique and terrifying falls flat in The Grudge 2.
If there's anything more pointless than a sequel that simply duplicates its predecessor's story and characters, it's a review of that sequel.
The only place Takashi doesn't stuff his powdery ghosts is up a cheerleader's skirt, surprising since there are so many of them readily available.
The Grudge 2 doesn't even try to make sense ... the grudge just starts going after anyone it darn well wants to, and people are getting all grudged for no reason.
This ghost makes zombies look like Olympic sprinters.



@highlight

A diminished sequel that makes even less sense than The Grudge 1 .