[I Am Number Four] is a die-cast plastic creation, almost devoid of anything memorable.
Replace the melodramatic vampires and werewolves [from The Twilight Saga] with some equally angsty extraterrestrials and Four is an obvious imitation with faint originality.
Nothing about the movie felt fresh or inventive and it's hard to be interested when you're comparing it constantly to twelve different things that have come before.
A horrible mess that embodes the worst from two different worlds, the most sappy teen romance ever and a souless superhero story. [Full review in Spanish]
Though geared towards a young adult audience, I Am Number Four entertains with sleek special effects, scary aliens, and superhero action.
A solid but unspectacular story that is aided geatly by its four likeable leads.
I really hope a sequel comes along to answer our questions and close up some loose threads.
It's very silly, but also thoroughly entertaining because it gives us exactly what we want.
The epic computer-generated alien smackdown is settled in a battle zone well known to any teen: high school hallways and the football field.
They stumble onto a vacant house that, like all vacant houses in the movies, is fully furnished and has working electricity.
An entertaining film that lacks maturity and expression.
I Am Number Four carefully balances spectacle and story, emerging as a competent start-of-the-year blockbuster.
No creative inspiration gets in the way of the beautiful people running and jumping and kissing while things go boom in the forgettable teen sci-fi actioner I Am Number Four. [Blu-ray]
... strictly fourth-rate young-adult sci-fi thriller. However you rank it, it's by the numbers...
I walked into this movie a skeptic and left a true believer.
This brave new world of sci-fi adventure, while it seems hopelessly derivative, has more originality than meets the eye ... if you read the book first.
full review at Movies for the Masses
In that way, I Am Number Four feels like a perfect DJ Caruso film. There's nothing wrong with it, but it could be so much more.
It's absolutely empty and derivative and kind of a blast and so what? Pass me the Junior Mints.
There's a lot going on in 'I Am Number Four,' and very little of it makes sense.
Was the original novel ... as cheesy as this?
Sci-fi thriller is explosive fun (but take care the wooden leads don't give you splinters)
Hollywood has good reasons to continually make action movies aimed directly at teenagers. Every bad reason can be summed up in one viewing of I Am Number Four.
I Am Number Four runs a bit like this: OK, OK, ho-hum, yawn, YAY WOW! ... meh.
...soulless factory-line junk...
Number Four is familiar but fun.
The logic is dodgy, and the most frightening aspect is the sequel promised at the end.
Fails to conjure up much dramatic intensity or suspense.
The end result is deadening and the decision to pad out the running time by setting up lots of sequel-ready narrative possibilities is horribly arrogant.
'Roswell' meets Critters (and a dozen other ideas)... decidedly more 'Aliens' ass kicking than 'Twilight' tweening.
It goes without saying, if you have read this far, that I Am Number Four is very silly. But that's not to say its not enjoyable.
The script has zero curiosity about any of these characters and their motivations. Why are they here? What are their powers, exactly? If kids just past puberty are such lethal fighters, how did the whole race of them get wiped out?
An entertaining addition to the super-teen trend...
Unlike the Twilight series that is also aimed primarily at 13-year-old females and has brought vacuity to an even lower level than one would expect, this can appeal to a wide audience, including adults.
If Pettyfer and Agron were less amorphous figureheads, and there had been a better script, the enjoyment might have been more.
Its slavish adherence to formula is pitiful, but this patchy knock-off may do just enough to earn itself another go-round.
It deserves an audience Numbering many.
When it's not getting bogged down in cliches, I Am Number Four is decent fun, even if it does feel very familiar and ultimately forgettable.
The film's potency as either a kicker for a potential series or as a standalone must-see event film are limp, to say the least.
The setting is the sleepy American town of Dullsville.
It's all glum, pseudo-rebellious attitude, with none of the gentle charm of John Carpenter's Starman.
The only thing I liked about the film was that these monsters that the Mogodorians keep in the truck are fed with frozen turkeys from the supermarket.
The action is well-done, some things are downright silly but I didn't have a problem entering into the spirit of things.
The young "Four" cast appears to have been plucked from an Abercrombie & Fitch catalogue - which isn't an issue until you realize that the characters they're playing are about as thin as the pages in that Gen-Y fashion Bible.
Tattooed space monsters hunt down and kill alien teens in hiding on Earth in this bland sci-fi action movie adapted from a young-adult novel.
It's not really dreadful but it's not really enough.
I didn't actually hate it. I might have more respect for it if I had.
Director D.J. Caruso has taken a route which is much too safe. This is a textbook action film that offers zero surprises.
It's just so unremarkable.
I Am Number Four is a promise that the freaks will outlast the popular kids and that the aliens among us, the people with all the problems, are the ones who will still be around for the sequel.
The door is left wide open for a sequel, but it's hard to imagine there'll be much call for it.
There's a cute dog, and it does get quite exciting in parts, especially when monsters appear near the end.
This number is definitely not up.
There's enough interplay between the characters to make this bearable and it builds to a reasonably entertaining effects-heavy climax.
It's pointless what any critic might have to say on the subject of the wooden acting and lack of chase scenes. Still, it's more of a 'character establishing' film for the next.
Nothing special here; let's hope this is number one and only.
Genre fans are advised to steer clear.
This could be the start of something great.
The only honest moment comes late in the piece, when a bunch of teenagers at a party - running to see some alien voodoo magic, or something - desperately try to hold their beer cups in front of them so they don't spill the contents.
...a solid science fiction offering for the middle school and high school crowd, and that's no small achievement.
I Am Number Four is a film about a teenage boy who discovers his hands wield a very special power. (Aye. We've all been there, son.)
It's everything a teenage audience wants, with some romantic cues to ensure the boys bring the girls.
Generally speaking it will meet the expectations of its young target market that knows what producer Michael Bay, who specializes in excess, delivers
Trivial and trite, its days are numbered.
And I am incredibly bored.
Suffers from so much style over substance, lack of internal logic, contrived subplots and wooden performances that it makes Twilight look like Gone with the Wind.
A superpowered kid hiding out at a school? We've seen it in Smallville, Roswell, Twilight and a million other stories. There's nothing new to say here, and I Am Number Four proves it in spades.
The sci-fi-teen romance I Am Number Four is witless, insultingly derivative, muddy-looking, and edited in the hammering epileptic style that marks so many films produced, as this one is, by Michael Bay.
I went into I Am Number Four with very low expectations so to say that I was pleasantly surprised may not be high praise.
I Am Number Four is essentially a big screen version of Smallville.
I Am Number Four indeed. Cause this is a movie that just took two gigantic dumps on my brain.
The only thing this film has going for it are pretty faces and even the demographic those faces are geared towards attracting will be onto Caruso's nonsense.
When the dust clears, and the disjointed coda is tacked on, the way is paved for a sequel, or several, and the audience is left wondering if they will appeal to more than the tweens targets for this one
Seriously, though, I Am Number Four may not be the greatest thing since sliced bread but I enjoyed watching it all the same.
I Am Number Four could just as easily have been called 'Frankenmovie.' It takes bits and pieces from a lot of other films and simply assembles them in a different order.
I Am Number Four involves the sort of editing that turns some of the actions scenes into visual gibberish, but the hectic pace and angsty teen issues are bound to win this one a youth audience.
feels like what Disney's Race to Witch Mountain wanted to be when it couldn't resist aiming for a younger audience
Perhaps it's best that Caruso kept his hero locked down in high school. This film has the imaginative power of concrete walls and rows of lockers.
Although I Am Number Four boasts some impressive visual effects and plenty of fast-paced action, the silly plot and teen-angst undertones make the film feel like "X-Files" for high-schoolers.
Granted, I Am NumberFour is a little better and makes loads more sense than Eagle Eye, Caruso's most recent vehicle for comely young actors in peril. But neither one has the sass and pluck of Disturbia. Watch that instead.
The flick should be called I Am Number Six because Teresa Palmer steals the show with minimum screen time. I wish the movie was as good as the last twenty minutes.
More like I AM NUMBER TWO. There. All the cards are now on the table.
On a boring rainy day, you can count on Number Four for some good, dumb fun.
The credits roll just as things are getting interesting, exacerbating I Am Number Four's poor sense of timing and marking it as naked franchise fodder...
Pettyfer - a child actor turned model turned self-satisfied hunk - isn't much except blond hair and good cheekbones as our hero.
Leaves you wanting to see what happens next to the characters, and that almost makes up for the film's earlier cheesiness, but not quite.
Sci-fi thriller/teen romance isn't as good as the book.
Perhaps February's recent history as a movie "dumping ground" has me feeling overly generous, but "I Am Number Four" was an enjoyable romp.
It's just like Twilight except he's from outer space instead of inner night. It's just like Harry Potter only totally without any charm or humor at all...
I Am Number Four is geared toward the teen crowd but doesn't totally alienate adult sci-fi fans
I Am Number Four could have been a whole lot worse.
...a silly sci-fi outing with dull as dishwater leads, subpar CGI and hopes for a franchise.
I Am Number Four's CGI sequences are murky and dark, its performances negligible, its script genuinely inept. There is, I should note, a puppy, which arguably keeps the film this side of completely unbearable, but just barely.
There is not one moment in this film that astounds the senses, tickles the solar plexus, or surprises our expectations.
The formula: Take a two-dimensional teen hunk with heartthrob looks, add a love interest and a buddy, and put them in mortal danger. Presto, you are box office bankable.
High school drama and alien wars become one and we get a movie that feels like it would be better suited as a CW television show than the kick-off to what Dreamworks/Touchstone quite obviously hopes will be a long term franchise
This is NOT a movie, it's simply slick product designed to make money, rather than entertain.
Strip away the uninspired mythology, and I Am Number Four is just your average high school movie with below-average drama.
I Am Number Four" is entertaining and worth checking out for the action scenes alone.
The entire scenario is explained in the film's first 15 minutes, and then it turns into a supernatural teen romance along the lines of Harry Potter and Twilight.
Say this for I Am Number Four: It's blessedly free of any original sins. Instead, they're all copied.
Its plot is every bit as silly, its script is every bit as cliché-ridden, its main characters every bit as afflicted by adolescent emotions as those in Twilight.
An enjoyable fantasy romp that conjures up the same sort of magic that comes from Hogwarts.
Count how many movies this year feature aliens bringing their intergalactic scrums to earth; from Cowboys & Aliens to Super 8. I Am Number Four not only beats them all to the punch but also sets the bar fairly high for sci-fi fisticuffs this year.
...an above average sci-fi thriller...
For all of its homicidal aliens and toothy beasts, "I Am Number Four" did contain one element that genuinely unsettled me: the line "produced by Michael Bay." Nooooooo!
I am Number Four is based on the tween novel by the one-thousand-year-old alien Pittacus Lore. Lore, it turns out, is really James Frey. Yes, that James Frey. Turns out, Oprah owes us yet another apology.
A Superman-come-lately tale of puppy love, extraordinary powers and puberty that's duller than a chalkboard and less powerful than an extraneous Jonas brother.
"I Am Number Four" feels less like a movie than a marketing plan.
Wants to hint at future developments instead of delivering developments. Based on this outing, I Am Number Four doesn't deserve a sequel. I'm not even sure it deserved this one-quel.
"I Am Number Four" delivers none of the spectacle of a competent sci-fi film, none of the emotion of an effective teen romance and none of the giggles of a kitsch fiasco.
Thankfully for Chicagoans this film doesn't star Brett Favre because of his numerical jersey affiliation, but with a story this weak, that stretch wouldn't be too far.
The film eventually becomes a fairly useful action flick, with chases and showdowns brawny enough to make young men stop feeling embarrassed for having accompanied their girlfriends to the theater.
The sci-fi stuff is egregious bunk, an arbitrary concoction of stock elements someone took three minutes to jot down on a bar napkin.
Had passersby been listening through the theater door at the advance screening I attended, they might very well have assumed the audience was watching a comedy rather than the trite, overwrought drama it actually tries to be.
Just when it starts to get into the territory of jaw-droppingly stupid fun, it's over.
A marketable, if synthetic, story.
It may think it's above such teen angst drivel, but I Am Number Four is just more of the same -- only with aliens.
Caruso has a knack for these types of stories: young men who want to settle down with a nice gal but must escape and unravel the mysteries of those who would take him down.
A cookie-cutter action film that hopes to stand on the shoulders of Twilight and Spider-Man but plays like Spider-lite.
This is a whimper of a film simply trying to capitalize on the success of the Twilight formula and, well, every superhero movie under the sun.
Anyone who has ever been a child or played with one is familiar with the narrative universe of I Am Number Four, a teen alien/superhero/savior/vampire mash-up that's all guts and no glory.
A bastard hybrid of 'Smallville,' 'Twilight' and any number of other angsty teen-themed sci-fi shows and movies...feels like a co-production of the CW and the SyFy channel that's inexplicably escaped to the big screen.
The movie version of I Am Number Four is a blatant, cynical pitch for an unearned franchise, made by people who seem to think the words "bestseller" and "young adult" are enough to guarantee a Harry Potter-like box office payout. It's not.
"I Am Number Four," the appealing new kid-on-the-teen-angst block, reverberates with much of the same dark combustible mix of action and romance that's been fueling the "Twilight" vampire mega-franchise for a while now.
Caruso aims for flashy fun and hits the target.
Tapping into the same vein of teen melodrama that runs through the Twilight franchise, I Am Number Four hurls a moody adolescent from outer space into the halls of a smalltown American high school.
An explosive final act allows [director D.J.] Caruso to unleash an action assault that nearly rescues his otherwise meandering mess.
Mostly "I Am Number Four'' is a pokey, pretty, predictable romance in which the boy is a shy extraterrestrial with secret powers and a royal lineage - your classic study-hall daydream - and the girl is a gentle alt-goddess.
A polished but unremarkable science-fiction adventure, I Am Number Four is the kind of movie you enjoy while it's in front of you but soon forget about.
Really, everything in I Am Number Four is recognizable from many past films.
Honestly, the god-awful, no-budget, grade-Z 1959 potboiler Teenagers From Outer Space had more integrity than does this piece of militaristically oppressive, micromanaged tripe.
It populates itself not with characters but with puddle-shallow types who give the audience nothing to invest in.
I can't tell you how relieved I was to discover that "I Am Number Four" is not about Brett Favre.
Caruso continues to elevate any material he touches...
A low-budget "Twilight" knockoff made by people, including director D.J. Caruso ("Eagle Eye") and producer Michael Bay, who obviously have no idea why "Twilight" is so popular - or even how actual human beings behave and talk.
left me wanting more, though maybe I should say "anything" instead of "more"
"I Am Number Four" leaves plenty of room for sequels. Here's hoping.
The action tale I Am Number Four is mostly familiar stuff, presenting the latest teen outsider coming into possession of his latent superpowers just in time to battle evil forces intent on world chaos.
Is I Am Number Four going to revolutionize Young Adult fantasy filmmaking? Let's not FOURce the issue.
Producers Michael Bay and Steven Spielberg deploy an arsenal of noisy special effects to demonstrate the invaders' high-tech superiority, which makes Olyphant's inability to breach an Internet firewall look pretty silly.
I Am Number Four doesn't even begin to start making sense until at least 20 minutes in, but as the pieces fall into place, the thinness of this particular fiction comes into clear focus.
The film's best moments belong to Teresa Palmer as unexpected backup to Number Four, who makes a fiery entrance every bit as dramatic as Arnold Schwarzenegger in Terminator.
Pettyfer's really got the whole tormented bit down pat; if he can master a few more expressions, he'll have a bright future in this town.
"I Am Number Four" has more than a whiff of number two about it...
Coarsely adapted from the young adult novel, this has an inoffensive TV feel, and its uninspired number is up way before the finale erupts in stale CGI fireworks.
An amalgamation of better movies, I Am Number Four suffers from an acute case of slick film, wrong decade.
Michael Bay is credited as producer, but he might as well be the director of this impersonal hybrid of a movie, a combo of genres and formats, which bears his technical signature, especially in the big, noisy, overproduced action set-pieces.
A technically polished but rather unexceptional thriller that never much sets its sights beyond satisfying the lowest-common-denominator expectations of its target teen demographic.
Brett Favre's worst pick-up line is now also a forgettable sci-fi movie.
It is atrociously bad, basically.
What we have here is a witless attempt to merge the "Twilight" formula with the Michael Bay formula.
Four is a tease, promising muscular genre goods it never delivers, led by a painfully robotic performance from English actor Pettyfer, who spends the entirety of his screentime fussing with his unconvincing American accent.
Nothing but a million little pieces from prior superhero series and the Twilight saga.
Like its chaste, chemistry-free central couple, Number Four is all buildup and no release.
For all that I enjoyed I Am Number Four while I was watching it, I'm also confident I'll have forgotten I ever saw it within the year.
"I Am Number Four" is like a good episode of "Smallville": You may feel a bit silly watching it if you're past high-school age, but you just might have a good time.
The pic's stumbling block is its inability to convince us we're watching someone extraordinary.
A high-school movie with a sci-fi twist ultimately fumbles away a golden opportunity to give youth conflicts an added dimension.
A shallow, cynical bit of movie-making, certainly never boring but rarely engaging on either an intellectual or visceral level. The cast of mostly twentysomethings posing as teenagers does an awful lot of pouting and strutting.
An enjoyable teen rom-thriller that never swerves off the beaten path but always keeps its footing. Expect a franchise, and career boosts for Pettyfer and Agron.
Despite its lack of originality, I Am Number Four does offer a few rewarding moments.
They're young, they're attractive and they glow neon blue when they're hunted. Which is often.


@highlight

It's positioned as the start of a franchise, but I Am Number Four 's familiar plot and unconvincing performances add up to one noisy, derivative, and ultimately forgettable sci-fi thriller.