There is nothing presidential in Devon Terrell's very entertaining portrayal of Barry (and he is only called Barry in this film -- Barack Obama is too grand and complicated a name for this easygoing fellow).
Barry pays off in the end. It takes its time, but it gets there.
With its emphasis on a sense of place and all the ways a young person can feel out of place, Barry isn't a biopic but, rather, a film about race, class, gender, and general tribalism in America.
...thinking about Barry, the 1981-set film about a young Barack Obama as he arrived in New York City to attend Columbia University, I found myself thinking about a young Me in 1981, as I arrived in New York City to attend Columbia University...
The movie goes to great lengths to put you in Barry's head space, so when it's time to cash in on that build up, it works.
Solid bio envisions young Obama; lots of cursing.
These moments proceed like comic-book panels, each communicating a single point, with little nuance for us to discover.
Gandhi's touch is generally light and he exploits the city's ethnic mosaic with great effectiveness in the supporting cast.
With what lies ahead, moreover, director Vikram Gandhi's modest biopic, Barry, a year in his life, provides a kind of comfort watching.
A sharp, well observed picture, one that's not just one president's story but also a sly examination of how race isn't always the major thing that divides us.
It's a marvelous movie, made even more so by the time in which it's being released.
Ashley Judd provides emotional depth as Barack's mother, and Jason Mitchell and Ellar Coltrane deliver stellar work as friends of Barry's who remind of us of the multiple worlds he inhabits -- and the multiple worlds he will have to navigate.
To its credit, "Barry" never aims for profound statements about Obama. Instead, it presents an interesting portrait of someone navigating between cultures in a country that continues to insist on labeling.
Much as with Southside With You, Barry is buoyed by its tremendous lead performer.
What Barry most captures is an Obama struggling to find his identity and his place in the world, highly attuned to his surroundings.
Barry is about someone trying - and often failing - to fuse to any group that will have him. He uses charm like a chisel. He's always hacking into people's armor to convince them he belongs
"At the time of his death," Obama would later write, "my father remained a myth to me both more or less than a man." The same is true of the man we see in Barry.
[Barry's] search for an identity is the ignition and combustion of the film. The exhaust, however, comes courtesy of Philip Morris. And the odor, like that surrounding the film itself, is of provocation in service of no cogent point.
As a movie, that narrative spine is slim, to say the least, making Barry interesting in places but never particularly dramatic or engaging.
Overall, I prefer "Southside with You," which seemed smarter and subtler about the complexities of race and class that Obama has had to navigate. "Barry" is less graceful dealing with those same themes.
For a human being who had to achieve so much through tried-and-true intellect, making President Obama into a symbol doesn't best serve his origin story.
Rarely have the unique challenges of growing up biracial been captured with such keen empathy on screen.
Gandhi's direction brings out superior performances in the film's cast, particularly in Terrell, whose imitation of Obama's singular ways of speaking and mannerisms is nearly flawless.
A satisfying slice of neo-Americana ...
Barry is sensitive, charming, and measured -- a lot like the man its main character will go on to become.
It's not about a man destined to win something. It's about the search to belong, and that makes it more sneakily American and quietly patriotic than any achievement-oriented, conventional biopic.
Always pleasant and companionable but a little pro forma in its early going, it gains in texture and interest as Obama's life and his reaction to it get more complex.
Too often it's only looking forward to a future the characters know nothing about.
Barry is for all the lost souls getting punched by strangers in alien hallways, it is for all the wanderers with nowhere to be. It captures the beautifully conflicted dumpster-fire that the world is right now.
Barry doesn't so much offer glimmers of the man Obama would become as lay experiential groundwork for his later life choices.
Terrell's performance elevates the film...He is convincing in conveying Obama's serious demeanor and suggesting the eliding cadence of Obama's manner of speech.
Filled with implausible incidents meant to buttress the premise that Obama was an outside to both Blacks and whites and generally devoid of any deep psychological or political insights, it is worth watching on Netflix just for laughs.
Barack Obama's self-analyzing and contemplation of his experiences, doesn't quite have the impact that one would expect from a strong biopic.
This is a film about race in America, centering on a young, bright yet unformed university student of mixed race, peculiar background and vague ambitions looking for a place to fit in.
A low-key and ultimately unsatisfying character study...
A serious and refined drama which has the feel of a political firecracker.
A newcomer and a natural (and an Australian!), Terrell almost singlehandedly elevates "Barry" from a cutesy time capsule into something a bit richer and more alive.
Barry is well paced and doesn't rely on tired biopic tropes to get points across. The film is also really funny.
When it's on, Barry isn't really a movie about politics or the creation myth of Barack Obama. It's a movie for anyone who's ever felt like they don't fit in, and maybe won't ever.
Barry is a real movie about real problems, that just happens to be about a real person.
Barry is much more about race and identity in America than what our nation's first African-American president did when he was in college. It's a thoughtful, intelligent film that also happens to be mighty entertaining.
The result is a decent picture, if one that leans pretty heavily on the future resonance of every interaction and conversation.
There's something widely relatable about the way Barry tries to find somewhere to fit in, and preferably in a place where he can be himself and not somebody else's symbol.
The second good Obama movie of the year.
Set in 1981, a canny and absorbing drama paints a highly convincing portrait of Barack Obama when he was a 20-year-old college student in New York, still piecing together who he was.

@highlight

Barry opens a speculative window into a future president's formative college years, offering a flawed yet compelling glimpse of American history in the making.