An arrhythmic but very interesting film... [Full review in Spanish]
Holy Rollers' innocence-lost, you-can't-go-home-again arc is something of a cliché, but the film remains refreshingly nonjudgmental about its hero's burgeoning criminal career.
The one and only problem I had with HOLY ROLLERS was the pacing. I found myself getting slightly bored and at times, looking at my watch. I'm sure it's not easy to mesh Orthodox Judaism and Ecstasy, but Asch did a pretty good job.
Offering the viewer hardly any reason to feel this story is credible.
Despite a suitably nervy turn from Eisenberg, there's no energy to the film-making or much insight into the story.
It's a surprisingly cool little film, not funny at all but rather seriously torn between the secular and the sacred, a conflict Eisenberg expresses with a neurotic intensity.
It's a familiar premise and Holy Rollers sprinkles precisely nothing new into the roll-up.
We expect more than we eventually get, even if what we get is watchable throughout.
Dramatically uneven though well-performed and competently directed, Holy Rollers features an intriguing premise yet treads thin ice when battling an inconsistent script.
Holy Rollers is based on true events but it lacks any spark of originality.
[A] breathless, enjoyable comedy-thriller based on the true story of how Hassidic Jews were recruited as mules in the late 1990s to smuggle ecstasy pills from Amsterdam into New York.
It just feels content to glide along ... and if it wasn't for Eisenberg being his usual quirky and mildly entertaining self, would feel uneven ... and rather erratic.
Jesse Eisenberg, in the main role, enhances the film again and again with his comic timing and ability to nail the part of a sheltered ingénu with an incipient rebel streak. It might be dodgy merchandise, but he sells it all the same.
This is more accurately a film about a revolution against innocence and the vacuum it leaves behind.
The film is slow, sometimes confusing and not very involving.
The problem is that it's not terribly dramatic, despite good central performances from Jesse Eisenberg and Justin Bartha.
This is moviemaking on autopilot.
Kevin Asch's morality drama restages the Fall of Man as a modern, real-life crime story. It is understated, but compelling, with yet another standout performance from Jesse Eisenberg.
If ecstasy was as boring as this film about it then the war on drugs would've been over 25 years ago.
Jewish clichés can be forgiven as Asch revisits the shtetl for his crime tale that shines a light upon a society within via one rebel's secular awakening.
Beautifully, atmospherically shot and sporting a great soundtrack, this is an otherwise quite dull affair.
Peters out at the end. ... Still, there are more than enough positive elements, especially Ben Kutchins' expressive and mesmerizing cinematography, to recommend it.
It feels more like a character novelty than anything else, and this potentially unique material is not really explored to its fullest.
t's a familiar story -- Nice Kid gets mixed up in Bad Things -- but as first-time feature director Kevin Asch tells it, there's extra potency to the contrast between the Nice and the Bad.
Holy Rollers - the title strikes me as unfortunately glib and tone deaf - is basically two movies in one: a genuinely involving character drama and a by-the-numbers crime story/ cautionary tale.
It's not a terrible movie, but all the way through you feel as if you've already seen it.
They don't reinvent the gangster genre, but the spin they put on it is intriguing enough to make it seem fresh.
It's sadder and scarier than its predecessors, but it also may be the most important chapter in the tale.
Sadly, the movie doesn't reveal much on either the cultural/religious side or the crime side, but it's mildly entertaining as a coming-of-age story.
The scenes of family conflict are sketchily dramatized. We never get to the place where the two parts of Sam's personality meet -- the devoted son and sharp-dealing criminal.
[It's] so pretentiously blurred and weirdly framed I've seen better-looking surveillance tapes in documentaries. There's also a tedious romance. But the moral dilemma at the heart of Holy Rollers is so compelling I'd recommend it anyway.
The film is slight, but Eisenberg is a deadpan delight.
As a thriller, it's bubkes.
An interesting failure.
The tense dynamic between these two fine actors, not to mention Asch's confident feel for New York City circa the late-1990s, keeps this slightly undercooked but wholly engrossing melodrama on course.
Holy Rollers offers an intriguing portrait of an insular community, but its recounting of the seduction of a bright young man by the surrounding culture is heavy-handed.
I think [Eisenberg is] a much more astute and detailed actor then some people give him credit for.
Eisenberg showed this character's dilemma in, I thought, a really smart way.
Like Michael Cera, Jesse Eisenberg is seriously in danger of playing the same guy over and over. Or maybe Cera and Eisenberg ARE the same guy. At least the hair's different this time.
How could such a high concept sink so low?
It feels like too many character corners were cut, removing the depth that would make the proceedings believable, and leaving only the cliché.
Inspired by an actual late-1990s case in which young Orthodox Brooklynites served as mules for an international drug ring, Holy Rollers has a great dramatic premise and no idea where to take it.
This lackluster indie proves that the flattening power of cliche can trump even the most exotic social setting.
Eisenberg keeps his quirks in check and Ari Graynor delivers another standout turn in a small role. Keep an eye on that one.
The movie relates to its story as Sam relates to women: Look, talk, but don't get too close.
An unlikely fusion of Almost Famous and Scarface featuring Hasidic Jews.
The movie doesn't implicitly choose sides, and debut feature director Kevin Asch keeps the tone relaxed and real, so one has an appreciation of the sincerity of Sam's faith without it becoming a smothering trait.
Holy Rollers feels staged and exoticized in the way stories about insular communities often do when told by outsiders.
Low-key, low-budget drama based on a real-life 1990s drug-smuggling ring involving Hassidic Jews trudges along with a simplistic, heavy-handed message.
I did like the attention to detail when it came to the spiritual side and I also appreciated the subtle storytelling, even if it sometimes left me wanting more.
Eisenberg is such a solid, serious young actor that the film plays as social problem drama.
Everything about this seems so unique, so weird, so interesting... so how did it end up just another rise and fall of a drug dealer story, just with a Yiddish accent?
Mr. Eisenberg and particularly Mr. Bartha give appropriately twitchy, live-wire performances, and the film tells its basically bleak story lucidly and with touches of dark humor.
Director Kevin Asch brings a quiet confidence to the picture by convincingly establishing both the very insular nature of the Hasidic community and the equally unassuming nature of the Ecstasy trade circa 1998.
Not quite "Scarface" with phylacteries...there's little in the film apart from its characters' religious lifestyle that we haven't seen before.
Though it lacks depth, Holy Rollers captures your attention early on and is able to sustain this momentum throughout. Kevin Asch has learned from his influences well and his feature debut takes its place among the better recent independent crime dramas.
Eisenberg never makes Sam's seduction entirely convincing, and Asch goes so far out of his way to avoid sensationalizing the material that Holy Rollers is a bit of a snooze.
It treats its characters as individuals and not as strange folk who are willfully lost in time.
Tackles an intriguing premise, but squanders its opportunity to be brave and powerful because of its lazy, pedestrian screenplay that fails to breath any life into its characters and to profoundly explore its provocative issues about faith.
Director Kevin Asch shows a skilled hand that belies his tyro status. He moves the story along briskly and to the point and gets solid performances from his talented cast.
The film is said to have been inspired by a true story, but the inspiration was insufficient, even though Mr. Asch has a strong sense of place and displays a confident touch with some of the action sequences.
Holy Rollers never quite catches fire ... still, it's an often evocative dip into unique territory fleshed out by a highly convincing cast.
All that said, two things immediately allow this film to rise above its shortcomings. The first is the setting. The second is Jesse Eisenberg.
Holy Rollers tells a startling, true story about drugs and religion in a manner so respectfully muted, it's hard not to wish first-time director Kevin Asch had tarted it up a little.
Holy Rollers gives a fascinating story the low-rent TV-movie treatment. Ecstasy profiteers and Hasidic Jews both deserve better than Asch's glum slog through their disparate worlds.
The appeal of this pitch is the juxtaposition of Sam's strict religious upbringing and the criminal underworld. Eisenberg delivers on this promise.
...the familiar story of corruption followed by redemption intersecting with the Hasidic community and an intriguing performance by Bartha make "Holy Rollers" worth a look.
It takes effort to overlook the predictability of the picture, but those who take the leap are rewarded with inspired performances and a rich sense of location, nicely peppered with a few euphoric techno anthems.
Drug smuggling is supposed to be a dangerous profession, but for the characters in Holy Rollers, it feels more like a chore -- much like watching the movie itself.
It's serious where Maria Full of Grace was full of crap.
It's gratifying to see Eisenberg move past nerdy-cutie parts; his slim shoulders, it seems, are capable of handling more than Michael Cera's leftovers.
Part of the film's ability to hold attention must be credited to the guileless sincerity of Jesse Eisenberg's performance.
Failing to generate either excitement as a crime story or credibility as a morality play, the film ultimately confirms the traditional values that helped push its confused lead to the brink of damnation in the first place.
...the much-hyped Holy Rollers squanders the fascination inherent in its story of a young Hasidic man who becomes involved in smuggling Ecstasy...
Provides a fascinating glimpse into a cloistered culture even as it conforms to a rather stale narrative mold.
Holy Rollers fuses a somber, old-world palette with a jittery urban unease -- a good mix of tones. It's also wonderfully acted.
Jesse Eisenberg runs the risk of becoming a parody of his own invention in this wrongheaded attempt by newbie director Kevin Asch at telling a potentially interesting true story in an all too prosaic way.
Sect, Drugs and Rock 'n Roll. A humane take on the draconian US anti-drug approach, but it's unfortunate that similar nonwhite characters in movies continue to be ferociously demonized, while white youth are simply emotionally troubled.
Effectively warns against leaving Eden for Sodom, a vivid portrayal of Hasidic men used as drug couriers.
Probably the best movie ever made about the Hasidim, dispensing with "Fiddler on the Roof" sentimentality.
Weaves a quiet, ethnographic spell, highlighted by a brave and detailed central performance from Jesse Eisenberg.
A SERIOUS MAN meets GO.
Intriguing setting can't overcome conventional storytelling.
Asch's first feature is intelligent, respectable yet curiously muted in tone and impact, never fully catching the viewer up in either its crime saga or its account of individual rebellion within an insular religious community.
Jesse Eisenberg gives an emotive, sympathetic performance as a man caught between two worlds, but eventually genre conventionality undoes this potentially novel crime story.






@highlight

Despite a promising premise and a solid central performance from Jesse Eisenberg, Holy Rollers lacks the depth necessary to overcome its cliched script.