Sure to make you laugh, cry and call your mom (in no particular order), The Meddler is a heartwarming and surprisingly deeply satisfying film about the power of relationships and moving on.
Somehow a story that otherwise honors the value of a man to his family fails to notice the irony of applauding arrangements that rob little girls of fathers.
Susan Sarandon's performance stands above the rest.
Sarandon and Byrne are great together, and the gruff J K Simmons relishes a rare romantic part in what is an intelligent and touching exploration of long-term grief.
Honestly, The Meddler does not start well at all. But stick with it. Before long, Sarandon bends it to herself and makes it into something that is, if not quite marvelous unto itself, a marvelous display for her particular talents as an actress.
[Susan] Sarandon is sublime.
The Meddler never tips over into broadly thoughtless hijinks.
It is the cinematic equivalent of an intrusive relative who asks you rude questions that don't make any sense until you realize that a desperate urge to connect underlies those inquiries.
Sarandon is magnificent in a film that's as full of heart as it is blatant Apple product placement.
The premise, based in part on truth, may sound sitcommy, but Sarandon makes everything work. She's delightful.
Sarandon gives a committed and sometimes touching comic performance as a woman whose good intentions are inseparable from her desire to involve herself in the lives of others.
As written and directed by Scafaria and performed by Sarandon, The Meddler is charming, tug-the-heart engaging stuff, that's as authentic in its emotions as it's entertaining in its filmmaking.
The Meddler feels more like a sitcom than a feature film, with a mix of drama and comedy that wraps up neatly. But with tidiness comes charm and poignancy.
Uplifting fluff drama on an over-protective but a well-meaning mother.
Arriving under the radar, The Meddler is a surprise treat. Go see it with your mother.
The film isn't perfect and there are a few clichés but tonally it feels very true, and there are laughs and sniffs that make it an enjoyable night out.
Subplots are set up and abandoned, while every potentially comic scenario is exploited in the broadest, most groan-worthy way imaginable.
The Meddler isn't especially funny, but it is charming and quietly moving, and it's the sort of film that will make you want to call your mum.
The Meddler is undeniably corny but it is sweet, heartfelt and played to perfection by a very able cast.
The Meddler offers Sarandon the opportunity to shine anew, and by the time the characters raise their glasses to give her Marnie Minervini a toast, I can't imagine not joining in the salute.
The film is bracing at first and then allows itself to slip into schmaltz.
It's not bound to break the mould, or reinvent the formula, but it doesn't need to, nor does it want to.
An unexpectedly perceptive film about loneliness, grief and mother-daughter relationships.
A cute little film ...
An enjoyable film that stands out due to Susan Sarandon's performance. [Full review in Spanish]
It's funny and warm and gives us Sarandon's great performance.
A semi autobiographical tale with elevated moments thanks to Sarandon's acting chops. [Full review in Spanish]
It's nice to see a filmmaker that creates fiction based on fact to make us understand life better and help us have a great time doing it. [Full review in Spanish]
a better film about the complicated bond between mother and child has never had a better, a funnier, or a more heartwarming cinematic incarnation.
Played masterfully by Susan Sarandon, Marnie is the centerpiece of The Meddler, a subtle, poignant and often funny film about moving on.
The Meddler is a comedy-drama about family relationships -- enjoyable but easily forgettable. It is a notable exception to the widely held view that movies are not being made any more about, and for, "mature" women.
Susan Sarandon is the best reason to sit through it, as she offers a performance that's by turns charmingly funny, bitingly sad and convincingly annoying.
It's often said that Hollywood creates too few roles for women. I think anyone who sees The Meddler will agree it's created at least one too many.
The story of a widow's self-transformation through generosity, kindness, and letting go.
The Meddler feels toned down a few notches from your typical movie comedy. It feels like life.
Riddled with cliché and trite situations that are very difficult to swallow.
Marnie is a terrific character, brought to life not only by Sarandon (it's her best work in ages) but also by Scafaria, who refuses to let the woman lapse into cartoonish caricature (e.g. Barbra Streisand in The Guilt Trip or Sarandon herself in Tammy).
You can feel Scafaria's finger on the scale as she tries to tip the balance of sympathy in favour of Lori, her obvious alter ego, but Lori is such a self-indulgent sourpuss there's no contest.
It often makes you feel like you're sitting at home on your couch on a school night, even on a Saturday night at the cinema.
At its best, it's handsome and occasionally entertaining; at its worst, it's painful to watch, and not in a poignant, life-lesson, human relationship sort of way.
Scafaria made The Meddler as a tribute to her own mother, but for every moment of cut-to-the-bone truth and sharp wit there is a matching scene of low-brow comedy.
There are reportedly autobiographical elements to this story and that makes sense; Marnie is such a well-observed character, so annoying and yet in her own way so wonderful that it does feel she was drawn from real-life experience.
"The Meddler" plays like a sunnier version of "I'll See You in My Dreams." That film was all silences and stillness, while "The Meddler" is full of noise and motion, reflecting how cluttered Marnie has made her life.
The role is a godsend for Sarandon, who brings good humor and an abundant heart to her delightful performance.
Hollywood is always going to lean toward youth, especially with women. It's wonderful that when given a chance, mature female actors can show they are the most capable at playing complex roles that come across in a very simple way.
What happens here is a well-written character who is inhabited fully from a time of life easy for movies to ignore.
Susan Sarandon gives a performance that is as maddening as it is endearing. ...
Marnie is compulsively maternal, oblivious to all boundaries her adult daughter tries to set. She's a character capable of launching a thousand sitcom episodes that Susan Sarandon raises to a richer level.
We know where we're going, but the Oscar-winning actors take us there with ease and charm.
It's Sarandon's best role, and her most complete performance, in years.
A sweet, low-key dramedy that is a little unfocused at times.
Sarandon carries the movie with her full-blooded performance, taking Marnie well beyond the stereotype of the title by gradually showing the raw, unexamined emotions she's buried underneath her compulsive charm.
After a tricky transition period, it turns out The Meddler has plenty of room in which to both extend its story's themes, and grow in your estimation.
The Meddler is Sarandon's film. The genuine pluckiness Marnie exhibits in the face of aching sadness makes her a winning character. It's the actress's juiciest role in years.
It is all very likeable, but maybe Scafaria was inhibited by the fact she found her inspiration in her own family, because blandness takes the edge off it.
Susan Sarandon shines in this unassuming, likable and sometimes even surprising comedy that manages to miss nearly every pitfall.
Despite Susan Sarandon's undeniable maternal charm, this intrusive dramedy is totally lacking in empathetic spontaneity.
This is a big, happy smile of a movie, written and directed with autobiographical affection and a wonderful sense of humor.
Scafaria's sympathetic intentions fall to simplistic setups and easy resolutions. She offers the characters no significant traits beside their functions in the action; the movie coasts on the charm of the actors, whom the director coaxes to mug ...
...moments of winning sentimentality...
Delivering much more than you might expect, The Meddler is a thoroughly enjoyable and uplifting film that almost fools us into thinking it's just a bit of fluff... It is also a splendid platform for the ever-wonderful Susan Sarandon
The nice bits fail to cohere because The Meddler is finally just too eager to have everything come out right. Its tendency to uplift its characters finally feels as intrusive and naive as Marnie's own overbearing I-can-solve-everything nature.
Feeling more like mashup of season one of an entertaining television drama, 'The Meddler' features Susan Sarandon at her most playful and romantic.
Never less than pleasant to be around.
Roles like this are regrettably rare for actresses of a certain age, and Sarandon makes the very best of this opportunity.
Much like its main character, "The Meddler" exudes an irresistible charm.
You root for Marnie, even when it's clear why Lori struggles with her, and you hear her persistent voice in your head for a while afterward - reminding you, perhaps, to give your own mother a call.
The beauty of The Meddler is in its insistence that grief passes - even if you can't buy your way to happiness.
Sarandon sparkles in this lightweight comedy-drama.
The script's bones are a meaningful reversal of mother-daughter grief and recovery, but they're forced to support Blues Traveler cameos, a weed-eating gag and a clique of Angeleno bridesmaids.
Predictably, but it predictably gets by on the charms of Sarandon, Simmons and Byrne.
Susan Sarandon is the meddler in this sweet but so-so dramedy, and meddle she does.
Talent is squandered by writer/director Scafaria's penchant for shallow contrivance over emotional depth.
It all adds up to something rare and gorgeous, a slice of life that appreciates the amount of wear and tear life can inflict.
Sarandon is great. But the film is a pilot for a TV sitcom.
It's a sitcom-y, Sarandon-wrapped Mother's Day valentine.
With Sarandon in the title role, Scafaria has a winner: The actress tackles Marnie headlong, with heart and soul, trolling the fancy outdoor shopping mall for products to buy and for people to intercept and hang on to.
...a solid sophomore effort from a seriously promising writer/director.
Annoying in her smothering and inability to read signals yet endearing and optimistic, Sarandon summons a mother most will recognize with equal measures of affection and exasperation.
Turns what could have been a sharply comic portrait of an inveterate buttinsky into a fatuously bland feature-length sitcom.
"The Meddler" is a disappointment after the talent Scafaria demonstrated in her 2012 feature debut "Seeking a Friend for the End of the World."
This is a sunny little gem of a film.
Here's a witty, solidly acted comedy that's sad at the same time.
Struggles to find the right balance of amused detachment and deeper exploration of family dynamics.
Takes a potentially draining study of smothering and finding a rich sense of spirit and humor, approaching emotional confusion with exceptional care.
The Meddler starts off almost too quirky and inoffensive before dramatically reversing course with the arrival of the always-welcome J.K. Simmons.
A delightfully humane comedy...doesn't insist upon the meddling as a 'premise' but as an important part of the film's psychological reality.
Writer/director Lorene Scafaria has a rare gift for finding the space in between joy and grief, and a rare understanding of the power of small moments to tell a big story.
A Charming, Witty Comedy-Drama, and Another Susan Sarandon Standout
Sarandon gives one of the best performances of the year, and for that alone, The Meddler is well worth watching.
What seems cringe-worthy at first in The Meddler winds up as a warm, forgiving embrace -- of the movie's characters and audience, as well.
Taken as a whole, Sarandon's performance is something to behold.
Heartfelt, sassy dramedy about family and grief rings true.
The Meddler is a delightful film with an emotional honesty that can be traced back to the real-life mother of writer/director Lorene Scafaria.
For every easy joke, there are more scenes that cut to the heart of Marnie's pain...
In many respects this plays like a senior-citizen romance with Diane Keaton, but it goes down much more easily, thanks to the players' sincerity and the credible, unassuming dialogue.
If there's a film to take mom to for Mother's Day, this is the one.
The movie feels authentic, not like it's following a screenplay going through the motions, but rather like we're following someone real go through life.
The movie is called "The Meddler," but that doesn't do justice to Marnie. It could just have easily been called "The Benefactor" or "The Nurturer" or "A Really Nice Lady Named Marnie."
Scafaria's comic drama can be corny and sitcomy at times, yet its characters feel grounded and real, and Sarandon's performance genuine and effortless.
We've seen these types of characters before, but not played by these particular and highly skilled actresses.
Scafaria's film has a lot of heart, even though there are times when it goes a little too far, and others when Marnie's actions just seem kind of ridiculous.
The Meddler is a mash note to compulsive nurturers -- to, in particular, women who've devoted their lives to figuring out what other people need.
The supporting cast is first-rate, and it's great to see Susan Sarandon in a leading role that makes such good use of her talent.
First the good news. This does, in fact, end...even though you might feel terminally trapped in this politically correct drivel.The only good things are J.K. Simmons who is in it for about 10 minutes and Juice Newton singing 'Angel of the Morning.'
Charming, insightful and funny.
In a year that has already seen its share of delightful grownup-movie love stories, this is perhaps the most intoxicatingly sweet
Susan Sarandon gets to shine in her best screen outing in some time.
Susan Sarandon is a star shining on her highest beams in a movie that the gifted writer-director Lorene Scafaria turns into something far less clichéd and more nuanced than the anatomy of a bossypants. -
The charm of "The Meddler" isn't the kind that benefits from big pushes forward in narrative or massive plot movements, but it revels in heart-warming humor, vibrant characters and what's clearly a deep affection for its story.
Everyone's so damn happy and grateful to have been meddled with that it undercuts both the comedy and the drama.
Sarandon and Byrne more than carry the effort, with Sarandon in particular being absolutely fantastic. She is the mother we all want and yet couldn't possible stand.
"The Meddler" is agreeably (unusually) optimistic about human relationships, despite the melancholy edging its comedy.
Not enough can be said about the terrific Sarandon, whose Marnie is reportedly based on Scafaria's own widowed mother.
Susan Sarandon is magnificent as doting, well-intentioned mother Marnie Minervini in The Meddler, infusing the character with magnetism while still allowing us to grasp the neediness that fuels her behavior, for better and for worse.
The kind of deeply felt personal filmmaking that transcends the specific to reveal a universal truth, in this case, a loving, if exasperated, appreciation for the moms of the world.
If there's a single spontaneous moment, I can't recall it.
The Meddler is warm and funny and astutely observant of the way so many mothers and daughters push and pull at each other and drive each other crazy, and never let go.
Susan Sarandon has one of her juiciest parts in years in Lorene Scafaria's comedy about an overbearing widow, which turns out to be far funnier and more charming than the synopsis suggests.
Susan Sarandon has a field day playing one very controlling mama, but the film itself isn't up to its star.
The Meddler does successfully untether itself from formula, and gives Sarandon a surprisingly great role in the process.
Scarfaria has made a kind, smart, special film.
The movie really does hang on Sarandon.
It's a fun and funny movie that delivers an honest portrayal of a mother-daughter relationship and the heartache that comes not just from losing someone but from moving on after they're gone.
Take a chance on it - and take your mom.
Writer-director Lorene Scafaria's film is an unconvincing character study that plays like a painfully unfunny sitcom.
A subdued domestic drama, without much punch.
Sarandon's exuberant performance is delivered with care and conviction.
A genuine crowdpleaser, mainly due to Susan Sarandon.
Like many a mother, The Meddler can be frustrating on occasion, but is worth giving your time to.
A sweetly comedic ode to mothers everywhere.
The Meddler might be a bit too simplistic at times and some of the comedic choices are annoyingly broad, but it's a breezy, amiable watch.
Scafaria has made a deeply personal, unquestionably sincere movie -- which, alas, isn't exactly the same as a very good one.
The Meddler is earnest and honest.
Though it's not likely to get the kind of awards attention that a performance in a more "serious" movie might, Sarandon's work in The Meddler approaches career-best territory.
The Meddler feels a tad schematic, and nothing about the ending is very surprising. But the witty script make the piece very entertaining.
Susan Sarandon is great at being good in writer-director Lorene Scafaria's loving homage to her mother's uncommonly generous personality.


@highlight

The Meddler transcends its cutesy title and familiar premise with a heartfelt look at family dynamics that's honored by a marvelous performance from Susan Sarandon.