A lot like the comedian's best work: amusing, appropriate for kids, and far more spiritually nourishing and less insulting than typical Hollywood fare.
Cosby cartoon comes to life in tween-centered story.
A bad movie, but I've seen much worse.
Director Joel Zwick ("My Big Fat Greek Wedding") helms this redundant and distinctively shabby movie that wasn't even filmed in Philly.
I enjoyed Fat Albert - much to my surprise ...
At the end of this weak comedy is a strange and touching scene in which Bill Cosby and his childhood pals from Philadelphia, now elderly men, gather at the grave of Albert Robertson, the real-life inspiration for Cosby's bighearted Fat Albert.
The movie is bland and boring, relying on lame jokes and a nonsensical story to carry the day.
The Cosby touch (he's co-writer and co-executive producer) is in full effect, schmaltz notwithstanding, as Albert and the gang run through their series of pleasantly diverting escapades.
The original cartoons are better.
Fat Albert is the kind of movie that gives hackwork a bad name.
I'm happy to report that Fat Albert captures a lot of its source's melancholy appeal
Innocently directionless.
Can Cosby seriously believe that this is an idea worthy of his most lasting creation?
Its messages are innocuous and may hold the attention of the littlest viewers, but older audience members may find themselves repulsed by their nostalgia.
Overall, it is a fun and safe film for young audiences that will also entertain the parents who grew up watching the cartoon, but it probably will not win over any new adult fans.
... reminiscent of The Brady Bunch movie, but there's no sense of satire or self-parody to the execution.
This a fun popcorn movie with a PG rating you can feel safe taking the kids to see. And - hey it is fun for adults too.
...frivolous but flat family fare. So hey, hey, hey-it's flaccid Fat Albert!
...Albert's jolly `Hey! Hey! Hey!' sounds suspiciously like a carnival barker's call.
The sermonizing on behalf of good clean fun and hard old effort (Cosby co-wrote the script) is as faded as Big Al's sweater after too many days on earth.
This movie rekindling of Bill Cosby's long-running Saturday morning cartoon rings of squandered potential.
Bad in such a bizarre way, it almost becomes fascinating.
'Fat Albert' is a massive bore that moves from one predictable scenario to another.**
Sweet, low-key and funny and should entertain its audience. If it ever finds one.
At heart a good intentioned family film
[L]aunches itself into the stratosphere of idiocy when it ends up making itself entirely moot...
You're gonna have a good time (at least some of the time) while they do their thing.
Na, na, na, gonna have a good time? Nay, nay, nay.
Hey, hey, hey -- bombs away.
Fails in every possible way -- fails to be funny, fails to be interesting, fails to speak to its potential audience. It is, as Mushmouth would say, a pebeece of crabap.
A thin bit of nostalgia.
So bad and gutless that it makes one wonder if director Joel Zwick intentionally tried to make the least interesting, and most grating movie possible.
I'm told the original Fat Albert had wit and a keen sense of the problems kids deal with, but the movie's 'real world' is a bland, idealized place where the biggest problem young people face is getting picked on.
The movie feels small and flat.
An inoffensive void through which you sail without effort or interest.
Squeaky-clean but uninspired.
Every move toward promoting acceptance of differences comes with a conflicting idea.
Should prove to be great fun for kids, especially for those who want to know what their dads used to watch on Saturday-morning TV.
The script... is so full of empowerment messages that nobody noticed the plot makes no sense.
'We're gonna have a good time!' Fat Albert promises in the musical number that kicks off 'Fat Albert.' Unfortunately, the next 90 minutes prove he's just a big fat liar.
Though inoffensive, it's also flat and rather tedious...the movie isn't ready for the junkyard, but it isn't very fresh, either.
It's a small audience who will find the film's warm finale worth the hour and a half wait
Surprise! It's a lot better than anyone could have guessed.
The epilogue is poignant and truthful in a way that the rest of the film, with its inept storytelling and strictly unfunny humor, does not earn or deserve.
This movie is as lame as it is tame.
Fat Albert manages to talk down to two generations of pop-cult consumers - the Boomers and the Gen-Xers - while leaving no reason for their uncategorized offspring to join in on the Hey! Hey! Hey! chants.
It's unlikely anyone over the age of 12 will find much to cheer about in the bland, sanitized moralizing this revamp of the decades-old Saturday morning cartoon show delivers.
Albert is too numbingly nice for a comedy that at 80 minutes runs about 15 minutes past its prime time.
An innocuous high-concept comedy.
Not much of a movie, but maybe it'll shame TV Land into putting the gang back on the tube.
Rather than making a movie about Fat Albert, they've decided to make a movie that comments on the Fat Albert TV series.
With its chronic product placement, including a sledgehammer ad for the original series on DVD, Fat Albert seems to center on helping kids become better shoppers rather than better people.
A 10-minute cartoon expanded into an especially long and deadly after-school special.
Somewhere in its quest to be educational, Fat Albert forgot to be entertaining.
The actors playing the live-action incarnations of the show's characters do them justice.
Fat Albert simply exists as a bone tossed to families starved for something they can watch together in movie theaters.
While it's pleasant enough for all ages, it's too clean for today's kids, it's too sappy for jaded adults, and not yet nostalgic enough for those of us who grew up with the original.
There are no bodily function jokes in Fat Albert, and not one disbelieving or stupid parental figure. As family fare goes, that alone may be worth the price of admission.
As with other live-action films inspired by Saturday-morning cartoons, this family-friendly comedy just isn't animated enough.
There's much to enjoy in Fat Albert.
As a general rule, television shows do not make for good movies, and Saturday morning cartoons typically fare even worse in the transfer to the big screen. Fat Albert is no exception, but it's not in the Garfield category.
Although Fat Albert is smart enough to poke fun at itself director Joel Zwick can't quite conjure up any modern relevance.
The movie is sweet and gentle, but not very compelling.
A wildly sanitized product.
A pretty cool movie.
Fond, nostalgic memories of the '70s cartoon Fat Albert and the Cosby Kids will be instantly erased when the infectious theme song ends and this live-action feature's utterly preposterous story line begins.
Fat Albert is a series of tired schticks.
Fat Albert plays things safe and bland, for the most part.
The screen version of the animated television series Fat Albert opens with a glint of promise. From there, the movie, alas, just lies down and dies.
There are better, more artful movies in the theaters this bountiful holiday season, but few so generous-spirited and none that will leave you feeling so cheerful.
In the old days, Fat Albert faced real world problems ... issues that certainly still exist, except in today's Hollywood, where the worst thing that can happen to a child is not having a date for the afterschool rave.
It's sad to see a comic veteran like Cosby pimping out his own franchise for a quick buck. But perhaps a rich old guy can't live on Jell-O pudding ad residuals forever.
Call me a sap. Call me a sucker. But Fat Albert couldn't help but make me smile.
Pure of heart, devoid of toilet humor, it sticks close enough to Bill Cosby's cartoon series to pass muster.
An uneven effort.
A tame, inoffensive little comedy that's never heinous enough to stink up the theater completely, even though it rarely rises above mediocrity.
The movie ambles along at a pleasant, undemanding pace, with good-natured humor.
It's a harmless, trivial little picture that is best saved for video when the price of admission is more in line with the value.
'Fat Albert' preaches a false gospel.
It's pretty painless viewing, but the uneven suspension of disbelief and its obviousness will only appeal to little ones. The rest will write this off as a bit of fluff from the junkyard.
Albert doesn't embarrass the original creation like it had every right to do, and delivers the Cosby-infused world with minimal pushing or shoving.
A clunky mix of animated hijinx, live-action farce and inspirational uplift, Fat Albert is flat-footed and ham-handed in its attempt to reconstitute a popular '70s TV cartoon show as a full-length, family-skewing feature.
The overall approach is to throw preordained movie sequences (rap number, shopping spree) together and hope for the best.
Much to my surprise, I found myself laughing (in a good way) throughout Fat Albert, and even got a bit misty eyed.
"Hey hey hey," Fat Albert exclaims, "How did I get this way?"
Squandering comic opportunities at every turn, the film is content to adhere to a mantra of 'when in doubt, dance' rather than finding any clever entertaining ways to punctuate the prolonged moralizing.
A product of a modern Cosby mindset, Fat Albert conflates bourgeois acceptance with personal self-worth.




@highlight

A bland but good-natured adaptation of the cartoon show.