Ishiguro is a wonderful novelist, but perhaps not a natural-born screenwriter. The White Countess feels schematic and dramatically inert. Ivory, for all the acting talent at his disposal, finds plenty of style in prewar Shanghai, but its pulse eludes him.
While a beautiful and moving film, The White Countess, sadly falls short of being a great one because it never allows us into the hearts of its primary protagonists.
[Ivory] takes a tired, cliché-ridden, nostalgic screenplay by Kazuo Ishiguro and layers on the ennui.
Esteticamente impecável (como todas as produções Merchant Ivory), o filme falha do ponto de vista narrativo, revelando-se, como seus personagens, excessivamente frio e emocionalmente distante.
James Ivory has cast Britain's acting aristocracy to play post-Revolution Russian aristocracy, which brings much gravitas and many subtle performance highs to this drawn out story set in 1936/7 Shanghai.
It has an emotional payoff. It isn't much, but by Merchant-Ivory standards it is an orgasm of raw emotion.
Though [Merchant-Ivory] hadn't made a first-rate film since The Remains of the Day in 1993, there was always a chance they'd hit one last pitch out of the park. The White Countess, their final pairing, is just a bloop single.
One of the great partnerships in movies ends not with a bang or even a whimper, but with a stifled yawn.
A middling example of the sort of tony projects upon which [Merchant and Ivory] built their reputations.
A beautiful movie with an intriguing central theme and cast that is far easier to admire than to actually like.
A little judicious editing might have made it more effective.
James Ivory would have done well to take his from "Casablanca" since that similarly themed film achieves everything that this film aspires to but ultimately fails at.
A little too emotionally repressed to suit its melodrama -- imagine Casablanca with Paul Henried miscast in the Bogart role.
The White Countess is the last Merchant-Ivory and embodies most of the virtues of the brand ...
A worthy final collaboration from James Ivory and his late partner, Ismail Merchant.
By sheer willpower (and some of the best art direction of this year or any other), this is a fitting, poetic epitaph to the life and career of Ismail Merchant.
Merchant Ivory places its final, famous imprimatur on a worthy film.
It's a pretty journey, even if it is far too talky and emotionally distant to really work.
The symbolism of the situation -- a blind diplomat trying, and once again failing, to stage-manage international harmony -- seems like something from a socially conscious play of the 1930s.
The final collaboration between Ismail Merchant and James Ivory, The White Countess, isn't their absolute best effort, but as swan songs go, it's still a sight more auspicious than the last-ever Simpson-Bruckheimer picture.
A tale well told, a look at history in the making and those being shaken in the process.
A tedious, overblown bit of business.
Another of Merchant/Ivory's blue-blooded exercises in dramatic waxworks.
Poor Ralph Fiennes, who's so good at the unemotional-prick part that you're never really sure whether you want to see Jackson end up happy, or whether it might be more interesting, from a movie-snob perspective, to see what Fiennes might do with the miser
Often leaves us unmoved.
... The White Countess is gorgeous, consummately acted, emotionally rich, with a wealth of ideas.
... The White Countess is so bloodless it all but cries for a transfusion.
... all atmosphere with little dramatic juice.
The White Countess, although it has its share of Masterpiece Theatre moments, is another film to remind us just how cosmopolitan is the Merchant-Ivory filmography.
It is such as shame that the final Merchant-Ivory collaboration is the bloated but emotionally empty and aimless historical drama as "The White Countess."
The White Countess may not be the best of the Merchant Ivory films ... but it boasts high production values, including fine acting all around and lovely cinematography by Christopher Doyle and Yiu-Fai Lai.
Despite its brilliant evocation of this great city at this most provocative time in history, the movie just gets sillier and sillier.
A rewarding close to the Merchant Ivory oeuvre.
So powerful is Fiennes that his performance carries the last act of an overlong film that is not as shapely as we've come to expect from Merchant and Ivory.
Over-calculated and less than it should be but not without its charms.
Political intrigue, the thriving jazz-era nightclub scene and the breakdown of the class system within a city in turmoil should have yielded more engaging scenarios.
The White Countess is never less than lovely to look at, and sometimes much more.
This is Merchant-Ivory's kind of showmanship, the unflashy adult variety of movie magic that they made their hallmark.
The Merchant-Ivory team ended last year when producer Ismail Merchant died on May 25. The White Countess is a very fine way to sign off on their lineage of measured, literary, often past-bound films.
An overlong, overstuffed melodrama whose solid performances can't completely mask novelist Kazuo Ishiguro's unwieldy script.
This last Merchant/Ivory film feels like a thin apparition of the team's best films -- similarly static but less substantial, less palpable, and sadly less respectable, just the vestigial remains of a better day.
Sumptuous to look at, tastefully dull, and ultimately rather silly, it whisks us to a far-off land -- the Shanghai expatriate community on the eve of World War II -- and strands us among cooked-up characters and emotions.
Merchant and Ivory paint a large, brilliant, detailed canvas.
Fiennes and Richardson are worth the price of theater admission but, with so many other great films available, this might be best left to rental. Put it on your Netflix list.
The film succeeds as a historical romance and works on the level of its movie-star performances.
A high-minded, elegantly-mounted and starrily-cast but dramatically inert and emotionally desiccated snoozer.
As the last film from the legendary team of Ivory and producer Ismail Merchant, who died in May, The White Countess is a stirring tribute to Merchant, a true builder of dreams in an industry now sorely bereft of his unique spirit.
A costume drama that is heavy on the costumes but light on the drama.
It's a pleasure to report that their swan song, written by Kazuo Ishiguro, is a gilded-canvas work of graceful and touching skill.
This last sophisticated, meticulously crafted Merchant/Ivory production is polished and elegant with refined, impeccable performances.
Fiennes and Richardson strike zero sparks together.
Okay, this isn't a remake of "Cabaret," but this is certainly one of a piece with it...
The more I thought about it the more I appreciated the artistry and the intelligence behind this film.
If you truly enjoy a well-crafted story and outstanding acting, then you must see this final installment of a great partnership.
British actors Ralph Fiennes and Natasha Richardson develop one of the screen's more memorable relationships in this compelling drama set in 1936 Shanghai.
Fiennes' wearisome verbal affectation suggests an emulation of Franklyn Delano Roosevelt in a sound byte for Pathe' news.
Despite exceptional performances by Fiennes and Richardson and an unrealistically humane portrait of a 1930s Japanese warmonger, this is another glacially-paced Merchant Ivory production that requires herculean patience.
...takes place in a dizzying time, but unfolds with an excruciating laboriousness.
It's a beautiful movie to look at, but it should have been so much more.
[The] soft-glowing facade always seems more real to Ivory than harsh reality...represent[s] our own attempts to stave off reality with the romantic projections of cinema.
Where Shanghai should teem, it merely ambles.
Stay away unless the Ambian no longer works for you.
Fiennes's performance, tricky and impassioned, is the showpiece.
Sumptuous period design, fine performances and fluent camerawork by ace d.p. Christopher Doyle in Shanghai locations can't quite breathe life into The White Countess.
The last Merchant Ivory coproduction is an odd duck...yet, it's an oddly likable film buoyed by a charismatic turn by Ralph Fiennes.
An artificial and misconceived love story.
Pushed to deliver the cry of anguish that sort of material demands, Ivory can only manage a whimper.
The White Countess is a worthy and classy conclusion to the Merchant Ivory cannon.
Sensuously photographed, sedate in its storytelling and spotlighting extraordinary actors wielding impeccable accents, The White Countess marks a fitting conclusion to the celebrated partnership of James Ivory and the late Ismail Merchant.
[Richardson's] complex performance as a woman balancing her dignity with her survival instincts is one of the year's very best.
Fiennes and Richardson make this film work with the quiet strangeness of their performances.
a worthy entry in the duo's oeuvre and a solid end to Ismail Merchant's productive and successful career.
The costumes, art direction and music are all beautiful, as you would expect from a Merchant-Ivory production (their last, as Ismail Merchant died this year). Despite the talent involved, the film's inert and flat.
It throws them together early on but keeps their relationship at bay until the end -- when I, for one, was way past giving a kumquat.
It's a very classy, finely made film, and, as one watches it -- particularly those last sweeping scenes of political turbulence and escape -- one feels both pain at their parting and grateful for what, together, they achieved.
With its tentative pace, fussy, pieced-together structure and stuffy emotional climate, The White Countess never develops any narrative stamina.
A vaguely corny but sumptuously satisfying romantic drama that offers up heaps of everything we have come to depend on Merchant and Ivory for.
Irredeemably dull.
A fine, personal, intimate view of Shanghai with its cobblestone streets.
Like being stuck behind an old man on the highway.
The film is well worth seeing for its performances, and for the aptness of Mr. Ivory's Sternbergian mise-en-scène.
Neither convincing as historical epic nor as romantic melodrama, Merchant-Ivory last collaboration is a misfire that may go into history for bio reasons, as the only feature in which sisters Vanessa and Lynn Redgrave and Natasha Richardson appear together
Gorgeously produced but emotionally aloof
Withholds emotional payoffs to an almost perverse degree.
A tedious, poorly acted melodrama.
Enacted by stuffy actors so great at what they do that it's terrifically boring to watch them do it.
Notable as the final collaboration between director James Ivory and producer Ismail Merchant, The White Countess is a typically classy period piece that fits in well with the pair's considerable oeuvre.



@highlight

High production values and fine performances get bogged down by a lifeless story that fails to engage the viewer.