Most of what I liked about Top Hat centers around its two stars: full of energy and grace, they breathe life into the film whenever it threatens to lose its luster.
Arguably the classiest and funniest of the RKO Astaire-Rogers musicals.
If you want only one Astaire-Rogers musical, Top Hat is obligatory.
Finally, thanks more to Fred Astaire than any other single influence, the character of musicomedy in the cinema has now completely changed.
The fourth pairing of Astaire-Rogers is one of their best and RKO top grosser of the year.
This one can't miss and the reasons are three -- Fred Astaire, Irving Berlin's 11 songs and sufficient comedy between numbers to hold the film together.
This 1935 musical finds Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers at the top of their form.
Top Hat does not glorify wealth or upper class status - if anything it continually pokes fun at it.
The third Astaire-Rogers movie and one of the best.
Because we are bound by gravity and the limitations of our bodies, because we live in a world where the news is often bad and the prospects disturbing, there is a need for another world somewhere, a world where Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers live.
The plot is involving, especially as it builds to its seemingly impossible-to-solve finale.
...even after seventy years, the same elements delight us all over again. Good songs, good dancing, and good stars never go out of style.
Every musical number works, and the mistaken identity plot is pleasant enough, even if there's too much emphatic dithering from the supporting players towards the end.
One of the best of the Astaire-Rogers best.
Fred and Ginger's best.
Heaven.
The quintessential Fred-and-Ginger vehicle typically escapist Depression-era fare [but] whenever Fred and Ginger are in motion, the magic is timeless.
A beguiling Rogers-Astaire pairing, if not resolutely their best.
Além do carisma de Astaire e do charme de Rogers, o filme conta com números musicais inesquecíveis, direção de arte magnífica e uma hilária participação de Edward Everett Horton.
All the minor players are such skilled comedians that they are able to extract merriment from this none too original comedy of errors.
Hands down, this is the best Astaire-Rogers musical ever.
I don't want to get political here. I just want to talk about singing and dancing.
Simply a perfect confection of a movie.
Tip top.
Top Hat (1935) is one of the great 30s dance musicals, and possibly the best and most profitable Astaire and Rogers musical ever, with wonderful, magical dance
the definitive Fred & Ginger movie
Even if you can't quite appreciate the music, sit back and get clued in to why Fred Astaire is one of the movies' all-time great physical performers.
Delightful.










@highlight

A glamorous and enthralling Depression-era diversion, Top Hat is nearly flawless, with acrobatics by Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers that make the hardest physical stunts seem light as air.