A mild and forgettable road comedy.
A bit 'eww' in that it's essentially a romcom with a mom and son, it's the perfect Mother's Day outing for people who don't like their mums much.
The script has let Streisand and Rogen down.
The Guilt Trip struck me something best viewed on an airplane.
It just cruises along in second gear, being genial.
The laughs are gentle, of the chuckle rather than laugh-out-loud variety and they're plentiful enough to overlook the episodic sequences.
Rogen's deadpan misery meshes well with Streisand's oblivious idiocy, making the laughs roll in.
On paper, it must have seemed like a solid idea
Contrived and mostly medicore, but may satisfy Streisand fans
It's all kvetch this and kvetch that, with few jokes or amusing encounters ...
It never quite delivers juggernaut-sized laughs, but the sharp-tongued sparring between the two leads pops and fizzes throughout, with Streisand in particular showing she's still an intuitive and naturalistic comedian.
Streisand has lost little of her gawky, pesky touch in comedy, while Rogen knows just how to be the charmingly daft slob.
Rogen plays the science nerd Andrew, who has just invented an organic cleaning product and is taking a cross-country trip to find a buyer. In a moment of weakness, he invites his meddling mother Joyce (Streisand).
Barbra's speed-yapping makes her mollycoddling mum Joyce even more annoying than she is supposed to be.
What we're left with is a bafflingly dull road movie. Maybe Alexander Payne could have done something with this.
It is the makers who should feel guilty.
Enjoyable mother-son road movie that swerves the potential potholes of broad or outrageous comedy in favour of an engaging, emotionally convincing and ultimately moving portrait of the central relationship ...
It's been more than fifteen years since Barbra Streisand has taken a lead role in a movie...and after suffering this you can see why.
There are OK performances but the cast are better than this. Very occasionally it's vaguely amusing, but it's mostly just annoying or cringeworthy.
Think of it as a Sunday drive, easy and breezy, with good company to pass the time.
Despite the odds, both stars strike a few sparks in Anne Fletcher's slight comedy.
You've seen this film already. That's how predictable it is...the film is surprisingly light on laughs.
Small stakes and consistently tame inclinations mark screenwriter Dan Fogelman's effort, which gives off an ambling vibe that would be more at home in an independent production.
Only comes to life during a Texan steak-eating contest that has Babs ingest a mountain of meat.
Some actors you'd pay to watch read the phonebook; turns out it's worth paying to see Streisand eat a steak.
Likeable and entertaining, The Guilt Trip isn't quite the blast it could have been, but it uses the tools of commercial filmmaking to give audiences a lift at the end
An opportunity for bite is lost in this compelling pairing of Barbra Streisand and Seth Rogen, whose joint range and capacity is hardly scratched
The Guilt Trip fundamentally doesn't work because the, 'showbiz royalty,' aura that surrounds Streisand is antithetical to the modest working class mother that she's trying to play.
The script is based almost entirely on audiences buying for one second that a financially strapped Andy would ever take Joyce on an impulsive road trip of this nature, for reasons so ridiculous.
"The Guilt Trip" is one more example of everything wrong with the Hollywood movie machine.
There is really only one reason to see this gentle if unassuming road trip comedy and her name is Barbra Streisand.
Mildly funny in parts (and those parts are so few and far between that I could name them all), "The Guilt Trip" is a step by step formulaic movie...Hollywood 101.
It's a familiar yet promising setup that's employed to curiously subdued effect by filmmaker Anne Fletcher...
Streisand and Rogen provide balance in this mother/son road trip adventure.
The jokes are few and far between, and the scenes inside the car lack the imagination and spontaneity a more comically attuned director would otherwise bring.
There are bad movies. There are BAD movies. And then there's The Guilt Trip.
One might be tempted to write off The Guilt Trip as overly familiar, but Barbra Streisand volunteering for a one-hour steak-eating challenge is almost certainly a screen first.
Streisand and Rogen connect in surprising Trip.
I had a lot of fun watching Barbra Streisand, who effortlessly commands the screen and reminds us what a gifted, natural comedienne she is.
If this Streisand vehicle isn't quite as disastrous as Jane Fonda tethering her mid-2000s comeback to projects co-starring Lindsay Lohan (Georgia Rule) and Jennifer Lopez (Monster-in-Law), it's not an occasion for celebration, either.
Seeing this movie is like watching two straight men performing an act: Neither one has any jokes.
Andrew [Rogen], who has invented an organic cleaning compound, pitches it to retailers in a succession of meetings across the country that have no grounding in any known reality.
While it doesn't break new ground, it will play well for all those who appreciate Streisand or want to be reassured that their adult children still love them.
The Guilt Trip pairs Seth Rogen and Barbra Streisand in the hope, no doubt, that sparks will fly. They don't.
Rogen and Streisand are reasonably funny together, though Rogen, always best when he's angry, is crowded into the role of a well-mannered straight man.
The Guilt Trip delivers an average but unremarkable comedy offering with enough heart to make up for some missed laughs.
To its detriment, The Guilt Trip opts to work gently on the heart rather than hard on the funny bone.
Does it give it away where I'm coming from that I "invited" my son to join me at the screening of this mother/son road comedy? I mean, it was demographic research. Really. You shouldn't worry. We both had a good time.
Silly and nice, basically unfunny but basically innocuous—so as satisfying as your average leftovers.
I was thankful it grew enough on me that I didn't end up pulling all of my hair out while watching it unfold, but I don't think I'll be taking another ride with 'The Guilt Trip' again. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
Get in out of the cold and enjoy a family fun evening checking out "Guilt Trip", it's the funniest trip of 2012.
A breezy, funny and warm road-trip comedy.
Seth Rogen and Barbra Streisand make a snappy comic duo in this road movie about a tetchy mother-son relationship.
This film completely surrenders to its premise, with everything else following in a predictable way.
Tame but thoroughly flat The Guilt Trip is a film whose cleverness begins and ends with that title. Call it the mother of all disappointments.
The Guilt Trip is clearly targeted at older audiences less than receptive to the crude jokes that made Seth Rogen famous.
It zigs when you expect it to zag. It's perceptive and thoughtful as it swerves around potholes that easily could have broken an axle.
The film's feel-good message is undermined by its ultimate purpose: As a vindication of the rights of Jewish mothers to annoy their children as much as they please.
It takes more than a few wrong turns. And once you've reached the end, you have no urge to ever do it again.
It's everything you'd expect in a mother-son road trip comedy starring the profane Rogen and the smart-mouthed diva Streisand. And less.
The movie could have been made with random basic-cable actors, and it would have been just as unremarkable.
Streisand nudges, Rogan does a slow burn, and neither of them has a mean bone in their bodies [in a] paean to mothers who mean well, and sons who know the truth of that deep in their hearts, somewhere under the embarrassment, confusion, and guilt.
Mothers and sons deserve an amiable comedy they can share, but this one is faulty long before the requisite freeway breakdown.
While Streisand and Rogen's relationship is smartly, affectionately drawn, just about every other element of the movie feels perfunctory ...
Stereotypical mother-son comedy is predictably corny.
[It] doesn't take every predictable detour, but it takes enough that the movie never ceases to feel overly familiar.
While doting mothers may go for its gentle, corny brand of apron string S&M, there's not much there for the rest of us to enjoy.
A movie that's only true achievement is that it remains palatable instead of veering off into the "KILL IT BEFORE IT DESTROYS ALL OF FUNNY THINGS!" zone.
If the film works at all it is because of the wholly unexpected chemistry between Streisand and Rogen.
Mildly funny - with the biggest laughs coming from improvisational banter in the 'outtakes' during the final credits.
The Guilt Trip is something of a mixed bag. On one hand it has the combined talents of Seth Rogen and Barbara Streisand, who work terrifically off of one another, and on the other it's not that different from other road movies we have seen.
Don't take this 'Trip.'
There's a reason Rogen's best work in film has been providing voices for animated characters. He only has two looks, a squinchy pained look and a dull confused look.
Inexplicably bad. Ninety minutes of agony.
The mental and emotional torture Rogen endures translates to comic bliss. His sacrifice is filmdom's gain.
For a road movie, the feature goes absolutely nowhere.
The pairing of Seth Rogen and Barbra Streisand certainly sounds promising and, to a large extent, the promise is realized. But not quite.
the kind of movie you can safely take your mother to and enjoy together
"The Guilt Trip" is a charming, poignant look at mothers and sons, and sage advice, if you're looking for a sweet diversion.
Writer Dan Fogelman and director Anne Fletcher try mightily to make this a memorable family film with just enough edge to make it slightly off-color. It almost works.
"The Guilt Trip" is tripe, but it's tripe that knows its audience. Seriously, take your mother. It'll be a mitzvah.
Streisand and Rogen have expert instincts, and their interplay is a pleasure to watch. And the movie is surprisingly gentle in its application of conventional movie wisdom and avoidance of easy gross-out humor.
This movie takes absolutely zero chances. It's one of those safe, middle-of-the-road movies that conservative Uncle Fred (who sees 2 movies a year) can recommend to you during Thanksgiving. Thanks Fred!
If you see The Guilt Trip and don't immediately call your Mommy, you are almost not human.
The shackles the script places on Rogen don't help his performance - he's low on energy, mumbles a great deal, and delivers many of his lines while staring at his shoes.
La Streisand is better than she's been in a while, but that's not enough to recommend this too thinly scripted, facilely titled would-be audience pleaser.
Meanders merrily along for 95 pain-free (and, honestly, mostly laugh-free) minutes before arriving at its entirely predictable destination.
[A] lifeless comedy about an overbearing mother and her exasperated adult son ...
The premise sounds formulaic, but the movie transcends the formula because of the spontaneous, obviously affectionate byplay between Streisand and Rogen ...
Eight days in a car with these two is like eight weeks with shingles.
Are we there yet?
It will never be mistaken for a great movie.
These two have the aging mother-son dynamic of kvetching, fawning and battling down so well the film is sold right from the beginning.
No movie should credibly simulate the experience of being stuck in a car with Barbra Streisand for eight days. Not unless it's being billed as "a spine-tingling tale of modern horror."
[A]n experiment in seeing how long a movie can present a series of awkward situations before the entire affair seems awkward in and of itself.
Unfortunately, Rogen's lifeless character and Streisand as a smothering Jewish mom can only yield so many jokes before it feels like the film's stuck in repeat mode.
Embarrassing dreck, masquerading as comedy ...
Airy fare, but Seth Rogen and Barbra Streisand are just about as perfect as perfect can be together, believably playing son and mother in all of its hair-pulling, but ultimately reassuring, intricacies.
This is one seriously uncomfortable movie, especially considering that it's being presented as a feel-good comedy.
The Guilt Trip works because we all know and like a Joyce Brewster (or dozens of them).
Some movies are all about chemistry, and "The Guilt Trip" has enough to fill a lab.
Something rare: a warm and insightful comedy about a mother and her grown son.
One of the few points of interest in the film is trying to decide which car scenes were done with a towing rig and which were green-screen process shots.
The Guilt Trip is like getting rice pudding for dessert: it's sweet, simple and will do when you can't get anything else.
Rogen and Streisand have a genuinely complementary chemistry, feeding off each other in a way that suggests that, given a halfway decent script, the two would make a better-than-decent screen duo.
...this one works because of the great pairing of Streisand and Rogen and the genuine warmth Streisand brings to the vehicle.
Frankly, saying "it could have been worse" about the film fits in nicely with the tone of the entire piece.
Pairing Rogen and Streisand turns out to be inspired.
May occasionally err on the side of innocuousness, but at least it explores actual facets of the mother-adult son relationship without veering into caricature.
It's the entertainment equivalent of a good roadside-diner meal. No big belly laughs, but quite a few chuckles. No catharsis, but some really sweet moments.
The chief pleasures of this mild-mannered dud lie in watching two resourceful comic actors go through their paces like the pros they are.
The Guilt Trip may have sounded funnier on paper, but the film doesn't give you a lot to laugh about.
From Yentl to Yenta: At 70, Streisand still commands the screen with ease and charisma, but this mother-son comedy is so lame and retro that it's embarrassing to watch.
It's formulaic but sweet, in its way.
It's anodyne but comfortable, and Rogen and Streisand form an amiable bond, allowing for the way she sticks her nose into every aspect of his life.
Despite some funny offhand moments, "The Guilt Trip" doesn't jell. I almost feel guilty for saying that.
Like a quick lunch at Quiznos, you know exactly what you are getting.
Has the look and feel of an extended sitcom, and a mediocre one at that.
Sweet and adult enough to admit that even a parent's unsolicited advice is often good just the same.
A road movie that barely reaches the speed limit. The ending brings a lump to the throat, which is the least it could do, given its otherwise laugh-deficient script.
Streisand is her own once-in-a-lifetime trip, looking gawjuss with that divine voice and those killer fingernails.
The shtick doesn't stick in this kvetchfest with few laughs.
A timid, modestly pleasant time-passer distinguished mostly by its unexplored potential.
Where is Judd Apatow when we need him?


@highlight

Seth Rogen and Barbra Streisand have enough chemistry to drive a solidly assembled comedy; unfortunately, The Guilt Trip has a lemon of a script and is perilously low on comedic fuel.