The card heist scene in the second act was some of the most fun I've had in the theatre...I recommend it enough for a matinee.
This entire smoke-and-mirrors roller coaster is utterly preposterous, yet undeniably fun.
A solid sequel that's as glitzy and stylish as the first--even though it may be a little harder to figure out.
Even the title of this movie is a failure for not going with the obvious 'Now You Don't'
If you are a fan of fast-paced heist thrillers, this one's watchable if not as entertaining as the prequel.
Now You See Me 2 is a desperate attempt to pull a franchise out of thin air. But this glitzy Hollywood hoodwink is nothing more than a slavish pull of wool over the audiences eyes.
The hope behind the NYSM franchise seems to be that if they keep it quick, slick and well-acted, we won't notice what tosh it is. But we do, time and again.
For the six of you who like Now You See Me, #2 offers more of the same so you ought to like the sequel. For everyone else, it's barely passable but it will do in a pinch, if you really need to check out for a couple hours.
You already know the magician is going to pull the rabbit out of the hat.
Studio Executive 1: I want more money. Let's make an unnecessary sequel.
Now You See Me 2 is a slightly beefier, funnier movie than its predecessor that still fails to learn from any of the original's mistakes and manages to make some new ones along the way.
Perhaps the greatest trick the Now You See Me franchise ever pulled was roping in so many acclaimed actors to prance around doing magic tricks and repeatedly saying things like "seeing is believing" without even the slightest of giggles.
Overall, Jon M. Chu's film has enough flash and razzmatazz to keep the audience passingly entertained but little to offer in terms of an engaging story - or indeed, one that just makes sense.
Another missed opportunity that lacks the wow factor and showmanship of the best tricks. The cast deserves better.
It's fun to watch that great cast, even if they all have done and deserve to do better.
Full of delicious twists, tricks and double-takes the film, directed with all due flash and dazzle by action man Jon M Chu (GI Joe: Retaliation), is a joy ride full of ideas and magic-world intrigue.
It's a bunch of hocus-pocus.
The movie's razzle-dazzle showmanship is fun enough in the moment, but... see past the misdirection and sleight of hand and you'll be left with the nagging suspicion that what's been plucked from the hat is not a rabbit but a turkey.
Now You See Me 2 is definitely worth a watch, it's performed well and this more than makes up for the storyline lacking in surprises and for characters that feel like a last minute edition.
The five prestidigitators' political pretense-a show of Snowden-era privacy protection-seems flimsier as the plotting gets more personal. In the end, this is fast and furious franchise-formula.
Now You See Me 2 is... fine. It's not good, but it's entertaining
Those who dismissed Now You See Me as "dumb" will most likely label Now You See Me 2 as "dumber," as it features the same types of narrative strokes that made that unexpected hit such a dopey undertaking.
The actors bounce off each other with plenty of energy.
Don't let your expectations get high before watching it. Despite that, is an entertaining film. [Full review in Spanish]
An interesting story but ends up draining its narrative resources. [Full review in Spanish]
It's impossible to dislike NYSM2, a big blousy movie that is giddily in love with its own preposterousness.
Now You See Me 2 is marginally better than its underwhelming 2013 predecessor thanks to new cast additions, but still over-explains and under-delivers.
Director Jon M. Chu does his best and delivers a sequel that's on par with the original. [Full review in Spanish]
An unnecessary sequel plagued with all the cliches that make second parts bad. [Full review in Spanish]
More pompous and even longer and redundant than the first one, it's like something pretty that you get tired of looking at. [Full review in Spanish]
An unnecessary sequel that's even worse than the original. [Full review in Spanish]
A pretty decent sequel. [Full review in Spanish]
Again, this is a film that keeps posing puzzles. Why anyone would cast Radcliffe as a villain is the first one.
If you saw Now You See Me and enjoyed it, take it from me: you're going to love this sequel, which is pretty much more of the same and then some.
I was never amazed, just disappointed. [Full review in Spanish]
Now You See Me 2 is like its predecessor: slick and overprocessed, with some nice humour and hijinks and probably 20 minutes too long. Turn off your brain and you may be mildly entertained.
Despite a handful of visually entertaining moments, Now You See Me 2 is a largely disappointing sequel.
Now You See Me 2 improves significantly on the first movie, a more purely entertaining ride thanks to a couple of character shake-ups and tighter group chemistry.
The smoke-and-mirrors storyline is either too obvious in the way it anticipates surprise developments or too absurd for us to care. It gallivants all over the place, too.
It's corny and it's predictable but there's an underlying charm that almost blindsides you, and its embrace of its ridiculousness is a definite improvement on its predecessor.
It's all very familiar.
A needlessly complicated series of bluffs and double-bluffs, which is then unpicked during huge chunks of shouty, self-congratulatory exposition.
The delicately balanced foolishness of Now You See Me gives way to impossibly supernatural magic tricks aimed at thwarting the least menacing villain ever.
Unfortunately the sleight-of-hand thrill of live magic becomes an unconvincing sledgehammer on the screen: layer after layer of trickery and rushing about lead to exhaustion.
For a brief moment the film recalls Steven Soderbergh's Ocean's trilogy - just without the style, substance or even a half-decent soundtrack.
What makes the film unravel is its sheer tricksiness. Everyone is conning everyone else. Carpets are pulled from beneath the feet so often that no stability is left for anyone.
Another massively overlong, overcomplicated and underinteresting caper ...
The best attitude to Now You See Me 2 is simply to go nowhere near it.
Entertaining but underwhelming.
Chu's real coup here is that this follow-up to the 2013 hit is a better film, shorn as it is of the tiresome CGI and limp final twist that marred its predecessor.
The cinematic sleight of hand remains the same: The antic pace, the byplay among the magicians and the blithe disinterest in plausibility almost distract us from the pointlessness of depicting stage magic via a medium built on trickery.
A romantic statement about how technology will always lose against the human factor. [Full review in Spanish]
Only marginally less boring to watch than an actual magic show.
Both predictable and confounding.
The Horsemen are smug, the plot sometimes impenetrable but the third act is such cleverly orchestrated fun perhaps there is hope that all will become clear in the already announced Now You See Me 3.
Offers a relentless form of entertainment, never letting up in its approach. However that's not to say it's always easy to comprehend, for the narrative takes a myriad of twists and turns and remains convoluted in its execution.
The whole film is monumentally naff, blindingly obvious in its search for Yen and contains Woody Harrelson giving one of the worst multiple-role performances since the Nutty Professor 2 yet . . . it's still a right good laugh.
Love the naked pandering to the Chinese movie market.
While the plot of this film is cleverly interwoven with the plot of the first film, it is even less believable than the first film, and that is saying a lot. Still, it is fun to watch.
It's an impressively starry cast, but sadly, this lacks the charm, wit and, yes, magic of the original. You'll like it, not a lot.
Director Jon M Chu tries hard to make the sequel lively and more amusing, but the story is more far-fetched and bloated and too dependent on special effects.
But very little about this hollow sequel to 2013's heist thriller Now You See Me feels mysterious; its biggest set-pieces will make viewers ask not "Whoa, how'd they do that?" but "Wait, huh?"
I've now sat through all but one of Jon M Chu's 7 films. His best remains his first Justin Bieber documentary (he's made two). Need I say more?
Here's that rare sequel that improves on the original -- though you do have to have seen the original to be able to follow it.
Somehow, even when the literal curtain is pulled back, the plot still doesn't make any sense.
The spectacle is all there. But the experience itself is as hollow as the film's CGI playing cards.
Trying too hard to be cool with a string of tricks each more ridiculous than the next, the flashy caper proves anything but magical.
There are a few fun moments here but not enough to overcome the film's many flaws.
Thankfully, the sequel pulls a nice surprise of its own: being a vast improvement on the original.
The Horsemen, The Eye - a lot of the names here feel like placeholders nobody got around to filling in later.
Now You See Me was like watching Penn and Teller embrace and expose the illusionary arts. The sequel is an America's Got Talent washout waving a cape.
The movie offers neither the astonishment of the magicians' artistry nor a dramatic view of how they do it.
You go along for the ride because of the presence of Jesse Eisenberg, Woody Harrelson, Morgan Freeman and Mark Ruffalo, hoping they'll pull a rabbit out of the hat.
This frenzied sequel displays a flashy initial flair that quickly fizzles.
Continues to conflate magical realism with street and stage magic (two distinctly different things) while having nothing interesting to say about either of them.
Based solely on merit, Now You See Me 2 is a sequel that should never have been made.
You can pull the rug out from under us only so many times before the gag gets really old.
We know we are being duped and therefore see what is coming from a mile off.
Now You See Me 2, like its characters, uses misdirection to distract an audience. It goes in ten different directions simultaneously, all in the hope that it will seem like you have seen something that you really haven't.
Despite some entertaining moments, Now You See Me 2 is largely an exercise of style over substance when it's all said and done.
There's little reason here for further misadventures.
Now You See Me 2 proves frothy and spectacle-fueled summer fun in the vein of Ocean's 11 and Fast and Furious series.
Cinematic sleight of hand tricks can't obscure the trouble brewing in the more than two hours of Now You See Me 2, which eventually succumbs to fatal sequelitis.
Presto! Change-o! You just lost two hours of your precious time.
Now You See Me 2 is full of entertaining, action-packed nonsense, but this prestidigitation is less presto! than largo. In the end, these card sharks lack teeth.
And of course, there's no danger of mistaking computer-enhanced trickery for actual sleight of hand, so even the modest but honest pleasure provided by quality card work is compromised.
Now You See Me 2 is a "turn your brain off" movie in that giving it a second thought would ruin the magic.
More of a hang-out joint than a movie, perhaps, but maybe that's the quality that made the first film a surprise hit in 2013. As long as it keeps poking fun at itself, this franchise will do all right.
Slick, charming sequel has similarly intense fights, action.
A mild improvement over its underwhelming predecessor...
With a great cast, a sense of fun and no small amount of skillful misdirection, Now You See Me 2 has just enough tricks up its sleeve to overcome its flaws.
A goofy, flashy, silly and fun sequel to a goofy, flashy, silly and fun thriller constructed around the world of magic and illusions. Did I mention that the movie is a lot of fun?
The film is mainly horseplay, wasted motion, and talk, talk, talk, with a few good action scenes ...
Not only can the center not hold, but there is no center to begin with...The story mostly speeds along at an obnoxious rate and pitch, the better to misdirect from the next dumb abracadabra plot twist, but good luck hanging in for over two hours of it.
No one will confuse Now You See Me 2 for an art film. It is, however, damn good entertainment.
Still breezy and clever (maybe a little too much so this time), and still fun.
Now You See Me 2 proves it's hard to nail the same trick twice. There's still some fun to be had, but this is a second act that's definitely not as magical as the first.
As was the case with the first film, the overall experience feels like a let-down. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Sexual Content, etc. - Also Available)
If the Now You See Me movies were even half as clever as they thought they were, they would be tremendous.
Just as cheerfully outlandish as the caper flick's precursor, with the acceptance of fancy tricks and misdirection twists dependent on an audience's love of a good hoodwink.
As the illusions mount, they don't amount to much, leading up to a big finale that piles on the improbabilities and quietly sweeps them under the rug.
Flash, dazzle, fizzle.
Now You See Me 2 is an exercise in bubbly fun: watching good-looking movie stars in flashy suits trade B-level barbs in between feats of incredible showmanship, with nothing else under the surface
The problem with this sequel is that it lacks suspense and catches no one unawares.
Now You See Me 2 disappears with not a poof, but in a hyper-kinetic blur of hectic plot mechanics, ceaselessly nattering characters and so many ploys of misdirection that the film's own direction got lost up someone's sleeve long ago.
Director Jon M. Chu has a superb sense of space and movement, giving the story exuberance and flair.
The story involves tricks and illusions, bluffs and double-bluffs, turnarounds and reverses, to the point where the unpredictable becomes weirdly predictable. Basically, you know that whatever seems to be happening probably isn't.
It's not perfect. But it is a lot of fun, especially because of Ruffalo and Caplan, who bring very different but equally strong elements to the movie.
Those who enjoyed the characters and premise of the original will find a lot to love here, even if things become rather predictable towards the end.
Director Jon M. Chu doesn't have the action chops of Louis Leterrier, the first movie's director, but he brings some flash to the illusions.
This one features most of the same actors, which means the cast is just as smart. But the script ... it's the screenwriting equivalent of your least favourite uncle pulling a nickel out of your ear.
By the time we get to the London-based finale, the illusion the Horsemen pull off comes across as just completely implausible. It's almost as if the filmmakers were saying - didja get all that? Well, too bad.
More than once, characters in "Now You See Me 2" make references to pulling back the curtain... And what's behind that curtain is just as much of an incomprehensible jab at the audience as everything else in this film.
The most egregious fault with "Now You See Me 2" lies in the complete waste of talent.
It's not a guilty pleasure so much as a guileless one. It knows it's a fraud and it owns every minute of it. The result is a wild ride that seems epic at the time, but shrinks in the memory. Kind of like a magic act.
What it doesn't have is any kind of real magic.
This is no mere haunted house movie. This is a tour through a giant, spring-loaded funhouse.
The film is an emotional black hole, its insufferably smug tricksters augmented by Mr. Harrelson ... as his character's identical twin. They never let us forget that their chief superpowers are glibness and ego.
It's frustrating as hell, because the game this time is never convincing, surprising, logical, or even comprehensible.
Why make a sequel? Well, why not: This one is more fun.
This sequel exhibits all the subtlety of Criss Angel directing a boy band video.
There's no arguing that there's a clever concept that anchors the "Now You See Me" franchise - expect more sequels - but razzle-dazzle and the art of misdirection can take you only so far.
One thing Now You See Me 2 has going for it: a vice-grip on the art of misdirection. The downside? All the sparkly lights and the pop-rock anthems have one design: to make you miss what the movie doesn't believe in -- magic.
Forget what trick-debunker Morgan Freeman says: You don't have to see this to believe it (or see it at all).
Twice as preposterous and half as fun as the original.
Tricks aren't for kids in this convoluted sequel, which gets more ridiculous and sillier than any rabbit it tries to pull out of its many hats. Even an all-star cast can't produce magic.
"Horsemen reappear in London; world holds its breath," blares a newspaper headline in this sequel, rather overestimating the world's fascination with magicians - as well as its recall of the first movie ...
The film's most impressive trick might be director Jon M Chu's ability to distract his audience from the realisation that this illusionist spin on the con caper is getting dangerously low on gas.
Jon M. Chu deserves an award for making a two-hour movie about magic interesting, exciting, and pretty damn fun.
It's possible to enjoy this film if you turn off your brain and don't overanalyze it.
Now You See Me 2 is a vapid, heartless film that wastes the time of its cast and audience alike.
Now that the premise has been botched twice, let's cut our losses and forget about it.
The film is, at times, almost sinfully fun, assuming you have a taste for self-indulgently logic-free hedonism.
It's all about mystery and suspense, deceiving the audience in entertaining ways. It's much more enjoyable than the typical summer sequel du jour.
Chu is more craftsman than poet, but the charismatic ensemble cast engages in the trickery with style.
The worst thing about Now You See Me 2 may be its name: the film itself is a game, goofy improvement on the original.
"Now You See Me 2" is a sequel that gets it right. It's as if everyone involved here analyzed what worked the first time around in 2013, and then decided to top it.
Even after the heroes explain their most elaborate and complex tricks, you still need a hit of Advil to combat the confusion and headaches the explanations inspire.
Now You See Me 2 is a big-budget, family-friendly, summer caper-thriller movie. Just don't go looking for any plausible cinematic story magic.
My main problem with these movies is insufferably old-fashioned. With so much digital effects work guiding so many of the action scenes, the simple pleasures of sleight-of-hand are all but lost.
A character in "Now You See Me 2" calls Macau "the Vegas of Asia." Consider this, then, the Fremont Street of sequels: a curiosity whose novelty fades fast and only gets cheesier, sadder and more shamelessly desperate to please the longer you linger.
Top-billed Eisenberg enjoys an excellent vehicle for his trademark hyper-verbal one-upmanship.
The only sleight of hand going on here involves your wallet.
Excruciating. That's how it felt to sit through the sequel to a film which wasn't good to begin with. This is a movie about magic that has none of its own.
Just like that, what seemed like a one-off movie about magicians has wisely positioned itself as the next Ocean's franchise. Well played.
The core mixture of visual fluidity and smug trickery feels as empty as before, finding the production once again missing the point of magic and the value of suspense.
This longer, louder sequel to 2013's Now You See Me adds up to what one character calls "a sack of nada." You wish the Horsemen would make you disappear.
The film, like the smug magicians that populate it, showboats by throwing more of everything at the screen. Critically lacking is the sense of fun that characterised its predecessor.
Feels like pretty much the same trick repeated with even less finesse the second time around, to diminishing returns.
Now You See Me 2 gets giddy on its own unreality.
Try to remember this movie, a few days after seeing it, and you'll find that - like magic - it's disappeared.
The ever-escalating, magical feats make great fodder for an eye-popping blockbuster, even if what's served up on screen is purely a product of cartoon physics.
Driven by endless exposition, over-explaining tricks that aren't very impressive to begin with.
Sequels and magic have something in common: harder to pull them off when you're already familiar with the set up. This aiming to please caper may not have the initial wow factor going for it, but there is still some fun in the mix.
Maybe if the filmmakers had edited down some of their ideas, this illusion would feel seamless and breathtaking, rather than frenzied and winded.
I don't know if Now You See Me 2 is a better movie than Now You See Me, but I definitely enjoyed it more.
This flashy, brain-dead sequel turns 2013's dumbest movie into 2016's dumbest franchise.
The sheer amount of people and incident indifferently presented throughout this film suggests only an obligation to quota-filling.
In a medium increasingly dominated by special effects, the wow factor [of stage magic] is hard to maintain.
Making a successful sequel is always a little bit like pulling a rabbit out of a hat. But the only magic trick here is how slowly they've made two hours of our lives disappear.
The plot [is] overly contrived yet preposterously shallow, with performances so underdeveloped you can almost hear the actors counting their pay over the expository monologues and incoherent scheming.
Not as mouth-frothingly, tinfoil hat-wearingly inane as the first, but is that a good thing?
Pay no attention to the plot behind the curtain, Now You See Me 2 says, because it barely registers and hardly matters. Just go with it and watch two hours-poof!-disappear.
Optimized for international success, with far-flung locations and a new heist-movie vibe that's clearly trying to do for this hopeful series what FAST FIVE did for Vin Diesel and company. Sadly, the gimmick doesn't work as a franchise.
Its appeal lies not in special effects, violence, action, or romance, but merely a good idea played out by an enjoyable cast.
Probably good enough that if you liked the first movie, you'll want to check this one out as well.
A busy but perfunctory experience, complete with some blatant product placement for a Macau casino. The idea that these movies speak for the individual against an encroaching system is one illusion you can easily see through.
Overall I found this less innovative than the first film. It's a bit over plotted and yet less energetic, and too long at two hours.
Even with that cast, a serious budget and endless swooping camerawork and FX trickery, this remains gratingly silly, with director Jon M Chu handling everything with maximum cheesiness.
In the follow-up to 2013's inexplicable box office hit Now You See Me, actors you love return to have their talents squandered.
Films that are entertaining without having substance to them aren't uncommon, but Now You See Me 2 is the epitome of the empty flash.
...arrestingly entertaining from beginning to end...
I have fond memories of Louis Leterrier's cheerfully ridiculous 2013 caper Now You See Me, but I didn't really need another one.
What Now You See Me 2 lacks in prestige it makes up for in showmanship.
There can be significant pleasures in surrendering to the movie's endless rounds of "How did they do it?" misdirection. But the chronic trickiness inevitably succumbs to diminishing returns.
For their next trick, they make a next trick sound like an attractive prospect.
No less than in the glossy caper's 2013 predecessor, the plot rides a surging tide of ridiculousness and culminates in a pileup of unconvincing explanations.
A madly spinning top of a movie, powered by an eagerness to please that somehow comes off as more innocent than calculated.

@highlight

Now You See Me 2 packs in even more twists and turns than its predecessor, but in the end, it has even less hiding up its sleeve.