I Am Big Bird: The Caroll Spinney Story" is the delightful and heartwarming story of the man inside the head, the 8 foot tall 6 year old who has crossed borders, transcended politics, breached intractable boundaries and enriched lives from his inception.
A slathering of sentimentally triumphant music emphasizes what seems like a feeling of protectiveness for their subject, but fair enough.
It plays like an extended promo, washed with a score of elevator-music strings, and composed of so many talking-head snatches that it often feels like a trailer for itself.
It's amazing that a documentary so clumsy has such incredible highs and lows, but that's the power of Big Bird for you.
I Am Big Bird is not great filmmaking but it pays fitting tribute to Spinney and the character into which he invested so much of his own personality.
The purity of intent and sophisticated craft [Spinney] has poured into their creation remains unacknowledged by the general public. The modestly appointed, crowd-funded documentary I Am Big Bird should clear up that oversight once and for all.
Spinney is well-deserving of the attention, and from a standpoint of sheer curiosity and fascination, knowing more about this man who created a character that we loved as children and that our children now love, is a gently poignant experience.
This adulatory doco of Spinney's life and work is a handful of love stories glued together by Spinney, who is at the centre of it. A kinda This is Your Life doco
There's little sour to temper the sweetness of this portrait.
While nice--arguably too nice, in fact--it feels like fifty minutes of material drawn out to nearly ninety.
Though its gooey, sentimental soundtrack is a misstep - this story is quite sweet enough already - "I Am Big Bird" is mesmerizing for anyone (and that's a lot of us) who grew up with "Sesame Street."
Very much a heartwarming tribute, bordering on treacly.
Spinney is a one-of-a-kind personality, an oddball even among the oddballs who pioneered Sesame Street's Children's Television Workshop.
In less than 90 minutes, it's a reasonably complete history of the big Bird character and the man in it.
Not a definitive story of Sesame Street, but it's a superb portrait of one of its longest residents, and a peek behind the scenes well worth taking for anyone who grew up with one of pop culture's most identifiable and most long-lived children's icons.
Children love and understand the majestic galoot.
I Am Big Bird: The Caroll Spinney Story, for the most part, is a puff piece. A feather film, if you will. It's as nice and flavorful and yellow as a Nilla cookie.
a gentle, sensitive film about a gentle, sensitive man.
Affectionately saccharine.
Mushy at times but likable all over.
Yes, there's a lot of information in "I Am Big Bird," and sometimes it is a bit self-serving. But at the heart is a love story between Spinney, that big, yellow bird and all of us.
With the heyday of "Sesame Street" undeniably in the past, "I Am Big Bird" will primarily appeal to nostalgic grownups. But as Spinney demonstrates, you're never too old to be a kid at heart.
There's no ducking the frank admiration and love on display in "I Am Big Bird: The Carroll Spinney Story." Then again, there's a lot to love and admire here. It's freaking Big Bird.
We get the surface of who this man is, but -- and perhaps this is a testament to the man himself -- we want to know more.
These sobering moments aside, the great bulk of "I Am Big Bird" is a Sunny Day, Sweepin' the Clouds Away, brightly colored tribute to the man and his art.
The kind of heartwarming, sentimental tale of a gentle soul that the PBS show's iconic character would love.
Behind-the-scenes footage provides some fascinating glimpses of Sesame Street being blocked.
Spinney comes across as a man whose warm spirit is literally at the core of the loving, if loopy Big Bird.
Befitting the subject matter, the movie is sweet-natured and sentimental.
A celebration of an artist who's utterly delighted an international audience of children - and more than a few adults.
A touching, overdue round of applause.
Perhaps a sharper exploration of Spinney's life isn't presented, but the documentary gets by on the basics, supplying a new perspective on the puppeteer and his legacy.
It is impossible to observe the film's interviews with Spinney and not be taken aback by the man's extraordinary sensitivity, and the deeply unhappy childhood that seems still very much with him today.
Every bit as warm and kind-hearted as the man whose story it tells.
Schmaltz continually threatens to overcome genius in this super-sentimental account of gifted puppeteer Caroll Spinney.
"I Am Big Bird" is a loving personal profile of Spinney, with memories and anecdotes shared by his wife, his children, his co-workers and friends.
Four years after "Being Elmo: A Puppeteer's Journey" promoted the idea that a Muppet character embodied love, along come the documentarian duo Dave LaMattina and Chad N. Walker to reinstate the legacy of Sesame Street's original star.
The main thing I got out of "I Am Big Bird" is this: Big Bird = unconditional love.
For Muppet enthusiasts or just folks who like to hear about unusual jobs, it's worth seeking out.
...I Am Big Bird: The Caroll Spinney Story is a profoundly moving documentary.
A wonderful, inspiring look at how the best art, regardless of the age group at which it's aimed, always comes with a special personal touch that makes it indelible.
Spinney's unassuming career is worth celebrating, even if it doesn't provide much of a story.
Charming and fascinating.
If there was ever a man lucky enough to have found his true calling in life, it's the subject of Dave LaMattina and Chad N. Walker's affecting documentary.
You'll find a few touching moments and some iconic images for Gen-X viewers, but don't expect any feathers to get ruffled.
This is a profile of a decent man who is permanently associated with a revered pop-cultural icon.
The man lurking beneath all those Big Bird yellow feathers takes the spotlight in this highly endearing documentary.
It gives you the impression of knowing him well, and it does it, amazingly, while barely showing his face.
We learn about the highs and lows of Spinney's life, and get some insight into his character - a character which, not surprisingly, seems to have the same capacity for childlike wonder and joy the much-mourned Henson had.
The film gets a little syrupy at times, but Mr. Spinney is forthright and engaging throughout.
An incessantly schmaltzy TV score threatens to drown us in syrup, but the sight of Big Bird singing It's Not Easy Being Green at Jim Henson's memorial provides a powerful emotional sucker-punch.
The overall effect, drenched by Joshua Johnson's unnecessarily surging score, is far too portentous for its own good.
The transcendence that the film offers isn't to be taken lightly considering the near impossibility of living professionally as an artist.
One to warm your cockles.
I Am Big Bird, is a must if you want to listen to 90 minutes of bland platitudes about the "genius" of a man who dresses as a giant yellow bird for a living.
A charming insight into the life and art of Caroll Spinney, the puppeteer who has played Big Bird on Sesame Street since it was launched in 1969.
In an era when so many celebrities from our childhoods have turned out to have feet of clay or worse, it's tremendously reassuring to find out that Spinney is just the sort of kind-hearted sweetheart you'd expect ...
This is a story that belongs on the small screen. It simply isn't interesting enough to hold the attention for 90 minutes.
[A] loving documentary about a puppeteer who's brightened the lives of countless children weaned on Sesame Street.
This sweet if superfluous doc shows that Spinney is Big Bird, a tireless performer who refuses to retire.
The problem with I Am Big Bird is simply that Spinney's story may be heartwarming but it entirely lacks drama.
An affectionate portrait of a big-hearted man and a fitting testament to the enduring appeal of Sesame Street.
It coalesces into a highly entertaining, surprise-packed and enjoyably nostalgic experience.
Offers just what the title promises, an involving and affectionate study of Caroll Spinney, whose Sesame Street bird we've all been following for almost half a century now.
A warm-hearted documentary look at the man behind one of the most beloved and iconic Sesame Street characters of all time.
An endearing life story. Wonderfully nostalgic but also heart-wrenching at times for anyone who grew up with the support of PBS's Children's Television Workshop.
You'll probably be happy to know that, as per this Kickstarter-funded documentary, the man in the puffy yellow suit is just as kind and loving as the overgrown fowl he portrays
The film will remind audiences of the important role Big Bird (and the man in the yellow suit) played in shaping both culture, children's education and even politics.

@highlight

Every bit as good-natured as longtime fans might hope, I Am Big Bird: The Carroll Spinney Story offers heartwarming behind-the-scenes perspective on a cultural icon.