[Director Doug] Nichol's excellent sense of place expands even to the Vince Guaraldi instrumentals on the soundtrack.
California Typewriter is a nostalgic documentary that will make you think about what life was like in the days before computers, smart phones, and the internet.
The questions this documentary raises, in between all the human stories and history it teaches, will definitely haunt you as the credits roll.
There are two ready-made audiences for this doc and both will benefit from seeing it.
I enjoyed this film about typewriters so much that I feel guilty writing this review on a computer instead of a Smith Corona.
A love story that clacks!
If California Typewriter slightly overstays its welcome, as Nichol pushes past a natural end point to make the case for manual typewriters as the new vinyl... well, that seems somehow appropriate, too. Love has a way of blinding us to reality, after all.
... a retro-fun salute to the analog age and a thoughtful consideration of how digital technology affects our lives.
A love letter to the outdated, be it typewriters, thank you notes, mom and pop repair shops, or creativity that doesn't start with turning a computer on first.
I do wish the film had gone a little farther in its structure... but otherwise, I love it.
All of it is a bit of a hodgepodge of ideas, but it's an engaging one, nonetheless.
Doug Nichol's handsomely packaged, if slightly myopic, documentary California Typewriter waxes poetic.
California Typewriter wanders a bit in its curiosity, but it is hardly a piece of ephemeral nostalgia.
Suffusing the documentary is an almost religious reverence for this mundane and obsolete mechanical apparatus. Not that it's undeserved.
A surprisingly thoughtful and beautifully shot film that doubles as both a history of and a love letter to the humble typewriter.
'California Typewriter' is a very likable, eccentric excursion. It goes deeper than you may at first believe. It will make you look back and reflect on the cost of technology to the mind and the spirit.
The best thing is that Nichol doesn't adopt a luddite stance. He doesn't try to impart the evils of technology, at least not much.
One of those documentaries that at first seems like just an enjoyable lark about some eccentric people but winds up raising deeper issues about human needs and the creative process.
Although the film would benefit from a more reined-in focus, "California Typewriter" is a love letter to an antiquated device - one that retains its charm and utility even in the digital age.
A rich, thoughtful, meticulously crafted tapestry about the evolution of the beloved writing machine for purists, history buffs, collectors and others fighting to preserve or re-embrace analog life.
A winsome spell of romance and nostalgia and adorably dorky passion. This is not a portrait of people with an odd hobby: it is a hymn to mechanical beauty.
It's a beautiful film, made with consideration for the love these typewriter buffs feel.
Anyone who loves machines, poetry or, better yet, the poetry of machines should see it ...
A documentary with all the "Write Stuff" for lovers and purists who fear the typewriter has gone the way of the dinosaurs. This remarkably entertaining movie proves there is still hope.
An entertaining documentary about people who love typewriters.
It's perfectly understandable if your initial reaction to a documentary about typewriters is "pass," but don't write the film off so fast. There's more substance here than you'd anticipate.
A fantastically entertaining movie even if you--unlike me--never had the pleasure (and frustration) of using a manual typewriter.
A quaintly ingenious meditation on what the digital era is doing to us - how it has taken us a step away from reality, even as it's made everything easier.
Nichol's background is in music videos and band documentaries, and he links crisply conceived sequences that mimic the synchronized commotion of an actual typewriter.
The latest analog fad gets a fun and fascinating dissection in this cute documentary.
This quirky, obsessive documentary is about so much more than broken keys and busted type wheels. It's really about how we create art.
[Doug] Nichol has created a loving valentine to all the iconoclasts who resist what the rest of the world defines as progress.
A compelling look at a valuable contraption that's slipping through our grasp, and will send many viewers to flea markets and eBay for one of their own.
This captivating documentary pays tributes to typewriters and the small but passionate group who still love and repair them. It is filled with delightful characters.
Though I'm more of an old school pen and paper person myself, there's no point resisting Richard Polt's movement ode to just how The Revolution Will Be Typewritten. Or for that matter, the Boston Typewriter Orchestra. And, the last film of Sam Shepard.
The overlong but charming documentary California Typewriter is an ode to the iconic writing instrument.
Even though the revolution may not be typewritten, the machine has a growing legion of fans and users, some of whom were interviewed by director Doug Nichol.

@highlight

California Typewriter is an affectionate, nostalgic love letter to the typed word from enthusiasts and experts alike.