It would be impossible to detail in this space all the ways Roland Emmerich's latest action/adventure, White House Down, violates the bounds of good (or even moderate) taste.
This is the dumbest, gruntiest, schlockiest film ever to be cut and pasted off the internet
Ultimately, I was bored by White House Down, which is pretty much inexcusable given the level of sublime idiocy on display.
The script reads as if it was written by a college freshman who just got his first taste of Zinn and Chomsky.
Air Force One explodes! Black Hawks! Raptor fighter-jets going hot! Armored cars doing swan dives into the swimming pool! Sneaky plots and diversions! The Kitchen Sink!
In this slash and burn effort on logic and reason in which audience misery is the target, "White House Down" is a bullseye.
While none of the tentpoles this summer are doozies, this one is at least something worth cheering about.
The best Die Hard movie since Speed.
Instant blockbuster camp.
This isn't a Guilty Pleasure, just a pleasure.
While fun in a harmless, artificial sort of way -- like Pop Rocks or costume jewelry -- White House Down is little more than Die Hard at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave.
Ridiculous as it is both thematically and action-wise, the film is a ton of fun, and much better than most of what director Roland Emmerich has put out there over the years
Directed by Roland Emmerich (the guy who blew up the White House once before in Independence Day), it has that old-school buddy action vibe, but it falls just short of really working.
"Dumb" doesn't do it justice
While the film is exactly as silly as Olympus Has Fallen...it admittedly has a lot more fun with the cheeseball, post-9/11 patriotism that underlies the lark. That's the real saving grace for a film that is essentially a carbon of a carbon of a carbon.
Where Emmerich consistently distinguishes himself from obvious contemporaries like Transformers maestro Michael Bay is that, in his films, patriotism never equals prejudice.
This is a ludicrously contrived thriller that's also a guilty pleasure because the actors refuse to take things seriously.
Characters behave in a manner that often doesn't make sense. It's like watching a bad horror movie where the victims act as if they want to get caught.
At least has the good grace to laugh at itself as it rolls out the dingbat-daft action-movie cliches.
All credit to this hack: he's once again made sleeping well a real possibility, making the plausible implausible.
It is appallingly funny in a way that few parodies ever manage. But it is undeniably exciting.
Emmerich has a bigger budget to play with than Olympus Has Fallen director Antoine Fuqua yet fails to get more bangs for his bucks or outdo his predecessor's guilty-pleasure thrills. With Olympus it was the effects that were cheesy; here it's the script.
One of the most violent films I've seen from a female cinematographer. But Anna Foerster adds lots of lovely, brilliantly-lit visual touches and handles the Die Hard-style action as well as any man.
Whether or not you enjoy this film depends entirely on whether you judge it to be po-faced or parody. If you believe it's the former, you'll probably hate it. If you believe it's the latter, you'll have an absolute blast.
Roland Emmerich (Independence Day, The Day After Tomorrow) can do these films in his sleep; which may be why they sometimes emerge as nightmares of crazed, florid hokum.
Tatum is very appealing, Foxx makes for a personable Obama-esque fantasy President and the strong supporting cast includes the estimable James Woods, Richard Jenkins and Maggie Gyllenhaal.
Real thrills - dependent on real, believable jeopardy - are not on offer: just cheerfully absurd spectacle and a little bit of humour.
An expensive blockbuster chuckle that doesn't last.
This may look exactly like Gerard Butler's over-serious Olympus Has Fallen, but it's actually that film's smarter, sillier younger brother: the one you like even though you really shouldn't.
The very definition of big dumb fun, White House Down is a hugely enjoyable thriller ...
You raise your eyes to the sky in futile hope. Where are the alien death rays when you need them?
It lifts an embarrassing number of beats from Die Hard... but Channing Tatum is no Bruce Willis.
Emmerich's White House Down thunders from one far-fetched scenario to another, but all set within a good pace that doesn't allow attention to wander, or for us to not care about the characters either.
As usual, Emmerich doesn't know when the shameless, popcorn extravaganza should stop...but you don't really want him to.
If all you're after is a pair of mismatched heroes wisecracking their way through a series of explosive, well-mounted set pieces, look no further.
Frustrating waiting for the film to settle into a groove that compliments the preposterous premise
Lincoln meets Sudden Death: a corny but raucous throwback to when Planet Hollywood was hip.
A brainless, tedious experience.
Scheduling may make it a largely unwanted new release, but there is enough solid action and sturdy chemistry between the leads Channing Tatum and Jamie Foxx to make this a reasonably enjoyable thriller.
Foxx and Tatum offer an effective buddy pairing lacking from the similarly preposterous Olympus Has Fallen.
Mr Die Hard Goes To Washington ... will certainly be on my "guilty pleasures of the year" list.
The result is a safe, pleasantly entertaining mainstream flick.
Tatum is getting better and better and here, with bullets flying, the White House's crystal chandelier shaking and a well constructed plot with effective story strands nicely weaving texture into the mix, he shows his all-round credentials
Emmerich's dramatic build-ups are gallingly heavy-handed but the plot's addiction to one-upping itself with ever more fist-thumping spectacle eventually hits a cycle of (presumably unintended) hilarity
Makes for [an] entertaining watch before succumbing to the same bombastic overkill.
In some ways, perhaps the film deserves credit for being so completely dedicated to its over-the-top lunacy that it practically turns into a parody.
It's a wonderful vehicle to cement Tatum to the comet he's on as a leading man and action hero. But, he just should'a gone to Emily's performance.
Offers considerable fun chemistry, but the film piles on preposterous effects ad nauseum.
It is an enjoyable wallow in mindless popcorn fun from the master of the blockbuster, Roland Emmerich (Independence Day, The Day After Tomorrow, 2012).
Emmerich's love letter to cliches, melodrama, and God's own United States trades suspense for patriotism.
Crank up the destruction-porn, strike up the patriotic movie-muzak, round off the sun-bright halo around the Obama-like Prez. By the exhausted end, it's all a super-spangled slice of apple pie.
One of those cheerfully implausible yet somehow not too stupid pieces of entertainment that have come to define summertime moviegoing.
A fun popcorn flick with some nice chaotic fight choreography. Delivers exactly what you expect it to and just saw a few months ago.
A good action flick, if a little over the top; suffers due to "Olympus Has Fallen" being first
There is a difference between dumb fun and dumb. The new White House-under-attack movie celebrates all that is red, white and stupid.
It's Independence Day without the aliens and a president partial to Air Jordans.
A Let Down
The special effects are scary-hairy enough to satisfy the midsummer "I wish to go to the moon" impulse.
"It's not a perfect movie, but it's a lesson on how to make an entertaining one" [original review in Spanish]
The problem is not one of plausibility, ideology, or political messiness: it's that the film is contrived and dumb.
White House Down is nearly enough fun to be a bad movie that's a good time.... Borrowing from Jamie Foxx's YouTube riff about his co-star's name, it has too much Channing on its Tatum.
The main flaw of White House Down is that it overstays its welcome, thanks in large part to a silly climax that seems to unfold in three laborious acts.
Smart and spunky, young Emily suggests a potentially more amusing rewrite in which a rogue urchin does to the White House invaders what Macaulay Culkin did to those burglars in 'Home Alone.'
I think "White House Down" is a little better than "Olympus Has Fallen." The plot of each of these films is far-fetched, but "White House Down" has the more interesting characters and doesn't take itself so seriously.
Had director Emmerich allowed the chain reaction of comic chemistry sparked by these leads to carry the film, there's no telling how good White House Down could've been.
Unable to do the conventional things better, White House Down, like many modern action films, tries to do the same thing louder and longer.
Writer James Vanderbilt deserves an Oscar for the worst screenplay of the season.
The President straps on his Air Jordans, and the next thing you know he and Cale are doing doughnuts on the White House Lawn and you can't figure out what the hell happened.
There's humor and heart in this implausible but action-packed, escapist adventure.
White House Down is rip-roaring and ridiculous.
After surprising us for once with the thoughtful, entertaining Anonymous, director Roland Emmerich has -- with White House Down -- gone back to making his usual noisy, explosive, brain-dead movies.
Essentially a louder, sillier version of Die Hard, with John Cale standing in for John McClane, a precocious daughter standing in for the plucky wife, and, alas, no one even much trying to stand in for Alan Rickman's deliciously wicked Hans Gruber.
We do not turn to Emmerich for reality. We turn to him for unselfconsciously overblown action and for the interesting characters interacting with that action.
Call it White House Dumb.
White House Down isn't the worst movie of the year, but it's definitely the stupidest.
It's no 'Independence Day,' but it is a major step up for Emmerich primarily because he manages to successfully embrace humor while doing what he does best - blowing things up.
like the SCUBA tank exploding in the shark's mouth in Jaws, if you are wrapped up in the movie's pacing and excitement, you won't care that the plot is near impossible
White House Down is an Obama action film
Really silly, but really fun.
The film reassures us it is Americana (Emmericana?)...despite the film's resemblance to some Anti-American propaganda, it's determined to show us America will rise from its own ashes.
Olympus Has Fallen at least knew what kind of movie it wanted to be, and it stuck with that approach. White House Down wants to be *every* kind of movie. That prevents it from being fully satisfying on any level.
Emmerich ... generally reverts to humorless, rote action, filmed with a cheap incoherence.
Patriotic thriller is ridiculous, violent, and entertaining.
It follows the Emmerich template: a spectacle-tinged, compelling setup; a dumb, disappointing midsection; and a cheese-topped denouement that veers so close to self-parody that one is tempted to call it funny.
Formula action films don't come much more formulaic that this.
A brainless but competent (read: not essential) blockbuster thriller that is likely to satisfy filmgoers who were intrigued by the trailers and one-man-army premise.
A long, boring video game that's more dumb than fun.
White House Down is as much fun as you might want it to be.
At a time when so many movies seem humorless, White House Down allows a few laughs. It isn't meant to be examined as Oscar fodder but watched as pure summer entertainment.
I would watch an entire film of Channing Tatum trying to talk a squirrel off a birdhouse, but the rest of the film fails to live up to its finest scene.
White House Down is a rollicking, ridiculous and rebellious summer blockbuster. By that, I mean it is a blow-it-up-real-good action movie with a twisted sense of humour.
Emmerich isn't strenuous about setting a consistent tone. Action movie blow-ups are interlaced with dumb jokes and slapstick. He's an anything-for-effect guy, but some of his effects are none too effective.
If you thrill to the notion of a car chase on the White House grounds, and the commander-in-chief getting his hands dirty with a rocket launcher, you'll likely be willing to forgive a few of the film's lapses in lucidity.
Emmerich is an old hand at blowing up the White House and finds new wings as well as other national monuments to destroy: They blow up real good.
Another bacchanalia of mindless destruction from Emmerich. He putts for par: it's awful. But once the critical sphincter loosens a bit, the movie becomes a guilty pleasure.
The action and characters are of the paint-by-numbers variety. Ignore that and it's guilty pleasure fun and way better than Olympus has Fallen.
In this season of solemnly manly blockbusters, I appreciated the boyish energy of White House Down, a movie that, for all its flamboyant destructiveness, has a playful innocence at its core.
'White House Down' is, at certain moments, a good time in spite of itself. I, for one, was certainly glad when it was over.
Though assuredly as nutballs as its predecessors in the Emmerich oeuvre, this is a really fun action movie, and acutely aware it's a really fun action movie.
I've never seen anything quite like it ... outlandish, inventive, and completely entertaining.
White House Down is as much a comic book fantasy as something like The Avengers.
The second time you blow up the White House? What's the matter, Ro?
Call it a thriller with some weird comedy riffs, heavy-handed politics and a screenplay that bears too much of a resemblance to the original "Die Hard."
Channing Tatum gives the lunkhead performance he's been outrunning for much of his career in Roland Emmerich's staggeringly bad action thriller.
Any movie that introduces its star in conversation with a squirrel would have to be going for comedy, you'd think.
It doesn't take itself too seriously and thus gives the viewer the old "nudge, nudge, wink, wink" elbow to the ribs while reassuring everyone that it knows it's dumb, over-the-top & shouldn't be taken seriously. (Full Parental Review also available)
A refreshingly old-school actioner...
Wonderfully orchestrated, mindless, summer-action fun.
It's the Die-Hard-in-the-White-House scenes that are the real stars - tightly framed and quickly paced scenes of mayhem, murder and hand-to-hand combat as an on-his-own Tatum tries to save the day.
A movie that makes you feel dumber every second you're watching it and thanks to its two-hour plus run time, you'll be backed to a second grade reading level by the time the end credits mercifully arrive.
If you have to chose just one White House under attack movie, the wise choice would be to spend your money on Olympus Has Fallen.
In Emmerich's universe, no one ever went broke underestimating the world's desire to see things go boom.
Despite the impressive special effects, even without the silly reprehensible political slant, this movie is so ridiculous with so many laughable scenes, that it could almost pass as a comedy.
White House Down is...delivered with all subtlety of a portrait of Thomas Jefferson getting a bullet right through the head.
White House Down should not be as enjoyable as it is. And yet, it finds a way. Pass the popcorn.
The essential climate of the movie - the climate of hysteria, dysfunction and mendacity, backed up by an enduring, essentially optimistic and arguably idiotic culture of popular patriotism ... feels strikingly authentic to our historical moment.
White House Down is the kind of celebration of rampant mayhem in which everyone seems to have a rocket launcher -- or at least a live hand grenade -- at the ready, just in case they need to dispatch a scrum of exceptionally vile and cruel villains.
Some film student or sociologist will have a field day dissecting what it says about Americans' view of their government in 2013 that we blew up the White House not once but twice in a three-month period. In the meantime, though, pass the popcorn.
It's fun to see Tatum and Foxx fire rocket launchers and make jokes about sneakers, but it's also compelling to care about their kids and their ladies and keeping all those people safe.
When the White House gets attacked, who better than SMA (Sexiest Man Alive) Channing Tatum and Django Unchained Jamie Foxx to save the day?
No one's going to confuse this for art, but it's insanely fun.
It's a blatant attempt for the director to revive his box office fortunes by blowing up parts of the White House Complex as gaudily as he did 18 years ago.
White House Down is the new standard-bearer for what summer action fluff should be.
Emmerich has always handled action scenes capably.
As demented and entertaining as promised, and a little less idiotic than feared.
White House Down has exactly what you'd expect from [Emmerich] and from the genre, only louder and dumber.
"White House Down" is solidly within its genre. In a deeper sense, though, it bespeaks a fatigue that's hard to distinguish from brain death.
Each nutty scenario is surpassed by the next, ludicrous story lines coalesce with expert orchestration, and absurd details return with perfect timing to build to a crescendo of hilarity.
Even high-concept, formulaic and rote filmmaking requires a certain skill set, and it's on display here.
It's Die Hard in the Oval Office again
Wasn't it just two months ago we watched the White House go up in flames in Olympus Has Fallen? This is the same thing, but even more absurd and ridiculous. An ace cast can't save it though Tatum makes a fine action star.
Yes, there is some enjoyment to be had from White House Down if only from how inept it is.
...the second 'Die Hard in the White House' movie of 2013, Emmerich serves up a buddy movie that may be the most unintentionally(?) hilarious comedy of the summer.
If Olympus Has Fellen was a glorious recapitulation of what made Die Hard work so beautifully, White House Down is a reminder of how sanitized and frankly boring many modern action films, including those in the Die Hard franchise, have become.
Lazy liberal talking points meet increasingly inept storytelling ... White House Down has it all!
A summer action movie without a brain in its head, but if you approach it by putting yours on hold, you'll find it skillfully enough made to hold your attention as you consume that tub of popcorn and--given its length--a refill as well.
It fully embraces its preposterous air of absurdity and ends up being a damn good time because of it.
The dialogue sometimes clunks. But the film also delivers the requisite thrills and action, and with strong, likable actors filling up the lead roles, it's the kind of exciting, escapist fare designed for summer viewing.
"White House Down" is wonderfully violent and often laugh-out-loud funny, a shopworn premise resuscitated as a sweaty, rousing, ironic, intense, movie-love-reaffirming free-for-all.
By the time the second or third over-the-top climactic battle arrives, the movie has gone from dumb fun to just plain dumb.
Emmerich is obviously a storyteller who's comfortable working on such a sprawling canvas, and as a result it all coalesces in a near-perfect popcorn flick.
For pure enjoyment, for a good time at the movies, for something that will delight and exhilarate and send audiences out laughing, satisfied and thoroughly worked over, it's hard to imagine anything beating "White House Down."
White House Down, rated PG-13 but as crass and cynical as a Michael Bay movie, is a depressing experience. A manufactured hit that plays to the basest instincts of its audience.
White House Down is certainly junk food, but these empty calories taste awful, making it the second worst White House takedown picture of 2013. Pray there's not a third.
This all adds up to a ridiculous action film written by James "The Amazing Spider-Man" Vanderbilt, probably after too many viewings of John McTiernan's original action classic Die Hard.
[A] hard-charging, fairly digestible thriller.
Totally ridiculous, but also tons of fun. This is the best "check your brain at the door" actioner since FURIOUS 7.
If you're willing to give over to the ridiculousness of it all, White House Down can be an amusing and, again, absurd, but enjoyable diversion. The only question is: Are they in on the joke?
Deserves several awards: Most cliches, most ripped-off moments from other films, most obvious 'Die Hard' sequel without 'Die Hard' in the title.
When they come, the action scenes are loud and kinetic, if not very plausible. Great chemistry between Tatum and Foxx helps push over the movie's weaker moments, although it's a shame screenwriter James Vanderbilt didn't exploit their humor more.
At more than two hours, "White House Down" is too long to sustain its entertaining silliness, but there are about 90 good minutes here ...
White House Down is amply endowed with enough tension, humor, and calamitous action to ensure it a solid berth in the summer box-office sweepstakes.
"White House Down" is a hoot and a half, a shameless popcorn entertainment that is preposterous and diverting in just about equal measure.
If stripped of its production value, ''White House Down'' would make one hysterical off-Broadway one-act.
It's full of malarkey, but as a campaign of shock and awe, it's hard to resist.
Roland Emmerich makes love of country into a thing of unabashed hokum, which bleeds through every nook of this overstuffed jumble and leaves no character untouched.
While White House Down isn't going to score points for originality, seriousness, or subtlety (Emmerich likes his political messages blunt and loud), it is a lot of fun; if nothing else, Emmerich is a great widescreen showman ...
[Emmerich's] slam-bang succession of dire situations - Don't kill that child! Don't launch those nukes! - is so relentless it becomes tedious.
Check your brain at the door, and be prepared to put Roland Emmerich's "White House Down" firmly in the "Guilty Pleasure" file.
What makes White House Down not just tolerable but frivolously entertaining is its slapstick soul ...
All the action scenes, as with many modern Hollywood blockbusters, are seemingly edited with a Cuisinart, or that the copious CGI would barely pass muster in one of those Asylum DTV quickies.
A political disaster movie that also, little by little, turns into a cinematic disaster.
Total garbage, and I happily recommend it.
Under the direction of Roland Emmerich realism is the first casualty.
Everyone in "White House Down" is an idiot, clinically insane, a cliché, or a vehicle for shameless exploitation.
...an unabashed disaster - an epitome of awful Hollywood cliche and Unthinking Screenwriting 101 so egregious that Michael Bay himself would likely spit on it.
The film really was a lot funnier than I expected, but that's not enough to stop it from being just another big, dumb action flick.
Director Roland Emmerich throws everything he can into this popcorn blow 'em up: yes, there is even a kitchen sink.
There's a distinct method to this madness, and it cannot be emphasized enough that the film is--in its own genre-satisfying and expectation-twisting way--an act of madness.
[VIDEO ESSAY] Buried in a shallow grave just beneath its veneer of absurdly cheesy Americana platitudes lays mocking subtext, twitching with spastic gestures and pointing awkwardly at a corrupt political system eating itself from the inside out.
The chemistry of the lead actors mitigates the contrived setup and numbing explosions.
The main difference between Emmerich and fellow maestros of mayhem like Michael Bay is that he actually seems to be in on the joke. He knows his movies are preposterous nonsense and he embraces it.
Channing Tatum has the right earnest-but-silly attitude for this latest Roland Emmerich disaster blitzkrieg, but the movie lets him down.
White House Down stands as a singular achievement in parody, its auteur's intentions be damned.
As long as everyone is aware that this is a silly cable movie not to be taken seriously, you can fun at this White House.
"White House Down" makes "Olympus Has Fallen" look like a documentary...and I'll have to check the latter out again to get the taste of the former out of my mouth.
The Die Hard of Die Hard knock-offs.
A silly, preachy popcorn movie with too many deadlines, plotlines and punchlines
Fails to deliver on the campaign promise that it will be as fun as the original "Die Hard."
While White House Down is very much an awful disgrace of a movie, it's easy to sit back and appreciate what it was going for.
The film has its obvious strengths and failings, with a nice sense of spectacle and disappointing character work, but overall, I find it hard to deny that the sheer mental deficiency of "White House Down" is practically intoxicating.
Just tedious, bloated, and silly. There's such a fine line between being over-the-top enough to be entertaining and just being ridiculous. White House Down is ridiculous.
Tatum and Foxx's nigh-instantaneous camaraderie makes the alternately corny and convoluted routine of the rest a bit easier to take, even as Emmerich makes every effort to supplant intelligence with patriotism.
Superior to Olympus Has Fallen in every conceivable way.
What isn't tonally jarring ends up shatteringly inept.
[A] welcome throwback to an earlier, more generously entertaining era of summer blockbusters ...
The movie's undeniable saving grace is its technical package and choreographed mayhem.
There's scant originality here, but witnessing America's hearth and home under siege still brings an emotional frisson to the silly thrills.
You couldn't ask for a more fun summer popcorn movie than "White House Down."
Even more symptomatic of how badly dumbed-down big-budget action has become...Emmerich is a bombastic hack, not as cynical, perhaps, as Michael Bay, but just as soulless.
'White House Down' may be remembered as the movie that turned Channing Tatum into a star.

@highlight

White House Down benefits from the leads' chemistry, but director Roland Emmerich smothers the film with narrative clichés and choppily edited action.