Schmaltzy return for classic cinema canine.
This story of a boy and his dog comes home to its roots in Yorkshire with a beautifully sensitive and traditional rendering. Using the original 1938 short story as its source, writer & director Charles Sturridge %u2013 best known for his superb work on Br
Writer/director Charles Sturridge adapts the heart-warming story with strict attention to its modest emotional underpinnings of family, devotion, and a beautiful collie.
An ode to the beleaguered people who face hardships, physical and emotional, with hopeful optimism.
Dog and movie lovers, take note: Lassie has come home.
It's a welcome throwback to the carefully crafted family films of the studio era.
A sweetly old-fashioned, tail-wagging charmer of a family film.
Lassie déjà vu filmed in the magnificent British Isles with more than enough animal stampedes to enthrall an entire theatre of ten year olds, and their parents.
Knows that kids live in a grown-up world, that they are not isolated from such realities as unemployment or war, and can relate to the problems of adult characters as well as those of children and animals.
...an utterly beguiling success.
I think just one of the best family films of the year.
Terrific performances by those with fur and without.
...The collie that became a star back in 1943 can still make you cry and cheer in the all-new Lassie.
Lassie proves to be top dog in her latest feature film.
If that doesn't bring a tear to your eye, then you're a robot with cross-wired circuitry.
It plays your lacrimal glands like a violin, but honorably so.
It's such a relief to settle into a film that lets dogs be dogs, children be children, and old-fashioned movies be old-fashioned movies.
There is an unabashed old-fashioned quality to the story-telling, not quaint, not fusty, but very much of another era -- and what a relief that is.
It's a rare work of substance, simplicity, and grace that deserves to be mentioned among the best features crafted for younger viewers in the last twenty years.
The 1943 Lassie Come Home, starring then-child actors Roddy McDowall and Elizabeth Taylor as Joe and Cilla, is widely considered the gold standard to which all dog movies should aspire, but Sturridge's remake is a fine film in its own right.
Lassie has a fine cast, lots of calendar-pretty shots of Lassie in different seasons and a dog-owned-by-many-different-people plot borrowed from David Copperfield.
This remake of the 1943 classic Lassie Come Home is quite an accomplishment, bringing together a top-notch British director, a very nice cast , gorgeous Scottish scenery and all the renowned virtues of the world's most famous collie.
Writer-director Charles Sturridge makes all the right moves in adapting the story, and treats it not just with the respect of a classic but the kind of intelligence, good taste and emotional sensitivity that kid movies rarely get.
It's the loveliest and most moving children's film of the year so far.
Lassie is a dog movie even non-dog lovers will lap up.
Charles Sturridge's charming adaptation of Eric Knight's classic book Lassie Come-Home will thrill any adult who can't face another insipid children's movie about talking animals. Oh, and the kids will love it, too.
With its spirited ensemble and literary pedigree, Lassie is worthy entertainment for a new generation of fans.
This is an earnest, likable -- and very, very pretty -- addition to its star's remarkable history.
This new Lassie is no match for the original MGM production (Roddy McDowell, Donald Crisp, Elizabeth Taylor, etc.), but there are many compensations that make it fine family entertainment.
You know people keep saying 'they don't make movies like that anymore'? Well, in the case of Lassie, they have. And they've made it well.
Lassie is family entertainment of a very high order, made all the better by [director] Sturridge's avoidance of CGI enhancement and the animatronics that have become commonplace in films about animals.
No question about it, Lassie is a very traditional film, but good storytelling, fine acting and beautiful photography add up to a solid family entertainment that never lets us forget who the real star is.
This 11th Lassie big-screen adaptation is a dramatic and at times heartbreaking look inside the uncaring social classifications of that long-ago English era, with the storm clouds of coming world war swirling about.
Lassie achieves greatness through its rich supply of goodness.
The one scene of Lassie standing alone on the highlands of Scotland is worth the price of admission.
'Lassie' is a rich, beautifully filmed affair for the whole family.
Sturridge sometimes overplays his hand, piling on the sentimental clichés and goosing the violin music.
While parents are reaching for their hankies, kids may be kicking their seats out of boredom.
Yes. This is indeed pure, unadulterated schmaltz. It's supposed to be...moviemaking of the old school, and is worth taking the little ones to before they get too cynical.
Fans of the original book should be pleased, but we were mostly bored.
Lassie is old-fashioned family entertainment, and I hope audiences aren't afraid to take a chance on a movie that might not be paced like a race car, but offers gentle adventure and alternative heroism instead.
It's too bad that dog whisperer Cesar Millan wasn't available to get the plot to heel.
Lassie wears thin. It's a little too long, and by the end the tugs on your heartstrings feel more like heartstring muggings.
Everything old is new again in the latest film about the beloved pooch with the I.Q. of a grad student and the instincts of a boomerang.
The best version by far of the Lassie story, an ocean away from the sappy June Lockhart TV series.
None of Lassie's adventures is told with the least bit of subtlety, but seeing as how the movie is aimed at the peewee, dog-loving set, few members of the target audience are likely to complain.
Knight's story retains enough of its power to ensure, even in this modest rendering, that it never fails to make your eyes mist and your cheeks warm.
It's a modest, low-budget effort that will require a tissue or two, especially for dog lovers.
Leave it to the Brits to take back something ... and reinvent it into something that's so much better than the traditions they're trying to revive.
Far from the madding crowd and frantic squeak of Hollywood kid flicks, British writer-director Charles Sturridge makes beautiful, stubbornly unhurried movies about the best and worst in human, animal and even otherworldly nature.
Here's what a classic family film should be -- intelligent without being smart-alecky, heart-warming without being smarmy and exciting without relying entirely on CGI.
Maybe I'm a sucker for dogs, but my eyes welled up. Twice. Woof!
No, it's not exactly realistic. But there is a sense of moral balance in Lassie's world that's enviable. People are cruel to the dog and bad things happen to them. Those who are good to her end up being rewarded.
A nice, pleasant, quietly engaging but slow and determinedly old-school piece of family entertainment.
A well-bred if docile creature.
Yes, they're still making a few timeless, sentimental family films the way they used to - with no CGI.
Never has Lassie's proletarian spunk felt so alive.
An exquisitely filmed drama about the collie with a huge heart and a quest that proves her love for her favorite human companion.
There's not much to grumble about: most of the performances are nicely honed, the cinematography and editing's excellent and, despite the swooning strings, it's not too sentimental.
It took 63 years for a stunning remake of the greatest dog movie of all time?
Bring plenty of hankies if you accompany your children to this latest screen incarnation of the beloved collie.
Thanks to a relatively gritty setting and an estimable adult cast, this sentimental story is rendered bearable for adults and children alike.
Call me hard to please, but Charles Sturridge's film leaves me unmoved and unengaged by the lovely story...Lassie should rip our hearts out, or at least make us rip our hankies out.
The combination of everyone's favourite canine and eye-catching Irish and Isle of Man locations ensure this nostalgic shaggy-dog story sends you home with your tail wagging.
While solidly made, it might be too cute and uncomplicated for 21st century audiences.
Lassie is a thoroughly enjoyable family film of the sort that they really don't make anymore. However, be warned, if you take young children to see this you may find yourself getting a border collie for Christmas.
What's that girl? What are you saying? That Peter O'Toole is more authentically barking than any actual dog in the cast?


@highlight

A beautifully-made retelling of the classic collie tale, one need not be a dog-lover to fall for Lassie .