Instead of embodying the fun and spirited fluff that a rom com should be, this film just grinds its teeth through the process.
A weird love story between two damaged souls.
...a lot more poignant than most of Hollywood's big-budget, star-studded takes on the subject.
One of the weakest competition entries at Sundance Fest this year, this pseudo romantic-erotic feature promises more than it can deliver, and after a cute beginning falls apart.
Surely some of the young woman's porn videos would make better viewing.
In another movie, the boy who pursues this girl would be a serial killer.
All of the most annoying elements of independent cinema are on full display in Good Dick, a painfully awkward attempt at...well, I'm not sure what exactly.
Marianne Palka's comedy, which she wrote and stars in, lacks the script, acting and the laughs to rise in the marketplace above similar Sundance-style fare, despite the sado-masochistic streak.
Alternately compelling and dramatically limp, the film scores points for exploring unfamiliar territory but lacks the emotional depth to make some very strange behavior believable.
The independently minded have spirits to aflame.
A short and sweet anti-romantic comedy, Good Dick puts together a heav ily depressed young woman with a homeless clerk who rents her porn at a Los Angeles video store.
As irritatingly monosyllabic as its characters, this indie 'romance' -- the quote marks aren't an accident -- feels over-workshopped and false at almost every point.
Dysfunction beguiles in Good Dick, a perverse romantic comedy whose coarse title belies its tender heart.
Good Dick manages to be a squirmily charming romantic movie, chockablock with surprising details.
Ultimately, the body part that gets the most play is the mouth, with the hyphenate and her personal-professional partner Ritter trading the sort of sub-Cassavetes banter that screams self-written acting exercises.
A distinctly unlikable movie about dislikable people, writer/director/actor Marianna Palka's mumblecore version of dysfunctional romance is the most unromantic picture of the year.
Good Dick carries its messed-up, highly improbable premise so lightly and gracefully that it ultimately comes off as a sweet, plausible and curiously grounded love story.
Another indie that wears its quirks and gritty "realism" a little too proudly.
Mostly the movie is eccentric and edgy in childish ways, relying on offhand shock and predictable revelations.
Unfortunately, Good Dick is all high-wire act, determinedly thwarting the expectations of its genre but unable to present a wholly successful alternative to romcom conventionality.
Palka has an eye for authenticity -- the bland LA apartments, growling traffic and isolation of living in a city that requires people to make their own happiness.
The characters are sharp and their dilemmas feel honest, even if we never get all the information we crave.
Things happen eventually but we never really know what ails her or why the boy is so taken by her mute presence.
Don't get excited by the saucy title of this offbeat US indie. What sounds like an X-rated skin flick is in fact an indulgent, emotionally ersatz 'unusual fairytale' of a lonely young woman.
Marianna Palka's debut feature is a quirky, slight, self-absorbed study of romantic loners reaching out to one another in low-rent Los Angeles.
In spite of a title, and much dialogue, likely to send Aunt Edna into convulsions, Good Dick is the week's best film.
The Kevin Smith-esque dude banter might place Dick in a US indie tradition, but there's also an honesty to the script and performances that's genuinely original and touching.
Despite an ambitiously dark premise, the writing isn't sharp enough despite a leavening courtesy of sub-High Fidelity-style joshing among the video geeks.
Widely liked, but it passed me by.
The film wears its arthouse aspirations all over the shelves. But the romance between Jason Ritter's shy Romeo and Palka's sullen loner is a morbidly peculiar stretch.
A well-meaning comedy that undoes all its good work in the final act, Good Dick would've been better served with further development in the Sundance Lab. That said, Jason Ritter delivers a breakthrough performance that saves the film.
Good Dick' is enjoyable as a cute, playful indie - it's just not as perceptive about female psychology as it sets out to be.
This entertains enough to get by, marking Palka and Ritter as talents to watch.
Delightfully offbeat indie romcom with impressive direction, strong performances and a superbly written script that's by turns creepy, funny, weird and ultimately moving.
Palka has created two very troubled, comic people who find links through kinks. Takes all sorts.
If peeking in on these two characters' most deep-seated dysfunctions might seem as intrusive as stalking and as exploitative as scopophilia, then Palka is at pains to expose the all too human yearnings that underlie both activities.
Despite dealing with some very heavy issues Palka has a surprisingly light touch, levening the more bleak moments with some rich, dark comedy.
Not your traditional boy-meets-girl story, but it does an excellent job of delivering two fairly unique characters trapped in a seriously strange relationship.
Nearly blindsides us with moments of such genuine thoughtfulness and surprises that wouldn't be out-of-place in a script by Cameron Crowe or Richard Curtis.
An annoying example of self-therapy posing as art.



@highlight

Marianna Palka's quirky indie debut centred on two dysfunctional loners is hit and miss, but has enough originality to see it through.