Valentín joins an ever-lengthening list of films about children from broken families. No better or worse than most, it boasts Almodóvar favorite Maura, who is splendid, as always. Agresti also does a fine job as the father.
Whether you ease into the languid and semi-treacly flow of this big-hearted Argentinean import or instead scoff at the child's-eye platitudes contained within will have much to do with your tolerance of preposterously cute moppets in dire straits.
A melancholy and overly familiar thing.
Writer/director Alejandro Agresti proves adept at reminding us that everybody's heart is a nation-state unto itself.
Hilarious and genuinely touching.
Occasionally charming, but it's as manipulative as it is heartfelt.
An affecting coming-of-age story with universal appeal.
For most of its running time Valentin rambles along in the same gear, providing few highs or lows and generating any real emotional excitement only in the last reel, by which time you've either fallen for the kid or zoned out.
Sporting thick, black-rimmed glasses, a runaway imagination and enough nervous energy to light up Manhattan, Noya turns what could have been a pitiful character into a rambunctious imp.
The winsome child/unappreciative adults memoir is almost a genre unto itself. But this version is particularly well-cast and well-told.
A delightfully precious, melon-headed little boy reminds the world's Jerry Maguires that the grass is greener on every side.
The short-sighted "Valentín" fails to warm the heart.
Charming, bittersweet and endearing.
Agresti has a decent cast here, but his story is so thin, it threatens to float right off the screen, even when late plot developments add a twist or two.
A delightful film -- funny, sweet and touching.
A child's film for adults.
Valentin does not quite complete its intended journey deep into our hearts.
The movie plays simply on the surface.
As a whole Valentin is cloying, consistently overplaying its young star's pathos and cuteness.
A heartfelt story that would have been a sickly sweet mess in the hands of a Hollywood studio.
A film at once heavy-handed, scattered and heartfelt.
Heartfelt and artfully shot.
This is a kid even Art Linkletter would have told to shut up.
The film is plenty charming, but lacks a connection to its time and place that would put Valentin's dilemma in context.
The film is warm and intriguing.
I found it light, agreeably short (86 minutes) and mostly quite enjoyable.
Seen as the wishful coming-of-age of a writer, who escapes tribulation through imagination, the semi-autobiographical movie seems less sentimental and makes a lot more sense.
Yeah, so I'm a big old sap. In any case, this sucker plays.
... features one of the best performances by a child actor that I've seen in a long time.
A moderately engaging, visually lovely, if narratively commonplace tale of a precocious child and his dream of a family.
Director Alejandro Agresti badly miscalculates the appeal of his young star.
The characters in the Argentinean heart-warmer Valentin spend so much time squabbling and yelling that after a while I began to long for a nice movie about a family of mutes.
A sweet, often poignant little film.
The whole thing feels like nothing more than just a calculated entry in the international tyke-of-the-month club.
The latest in a long and pandering lot of heartwarming movies about troubled foreign kids, Valentin benefits from a general sense of realism and behavioral credibility.
A charming diversion.
A humdrum coming-of-age piece.
With its all-in-all-life-is-a-crap-shoot message, this simple and predictable story will underwhelm even the most gullible.
Coming of age in Argentina
Valentín makes you feel like you do when you get a note from an old friend just to say hey.
Shown strictly from Valentin's point of view...but without an ounce of condescension, and the result is often lovely.
It makes February's Monsieur Ibrahim linger in the mind even more pleasantly.
A slight variation on a formula that, from Central Station to Kolya, has become all too familiar in the art houses.
Valentin is a tender and heart-warming Argentinian film about an imaginative boy who wants to have a real family.
It's not that Noya is bad as kid actors go, but a pair of dewy, crossed eyes and a beyond-his-years melancholy do not an entire movie make.
Valentín wants to understand adults' strange rules and behaviors, but is also aware that sometimes, their world lies beyond his comprehension.
Although Valentin is well acted and sporadically charming, it doesn't have much more heft that one might expect from lightweight multiplex fare.
Funny, gentle and utterly captivating.
Agresti fattens us up with the kind of kid's-eye-view tragi-comic adventures that regularly supply empty calories in artificially sweetened foreign-language imports like this one.
This loosely autobiographical tale feels inorganically upbeat, with all potentially upsetting material glossed over or truncated.
For some, the ending will be a little too perfect, but a hero this cool only deserves the best.
Cloying and annoying seven-year-old Rodrigo Noya stars in a story that is silly, sappy and sometimes bittersweet.
Valentín sometimes feels less like a film than a really good sitcom that isn't afraid to leave things a little untidy.
In the title role, child actor Rodrigo Noya excels in what is only his second feature film appearance. Adorably cute, wise beyond his years and more than a little geeky, he's also -- as his name suggests -- a real sweetheart.
Reasonably absorbing tale of the search of a lonely boy for his mom.
Never becomes cloying.
A very clever screenplay that somehow manages to be both hilariously funny and surprisingly poignant at the same time.
Pleasantly underwhelming.
Essentially good family fare, but also too simplisic to suggest anything in the way of food for thought afterwards.
A charming portrait of the artist as a young boy.
A sentimental journey into one's boyhood.
For all of its prettiness, there's nothing going on here that matters much.





@highlight

A coming-of-age tale that's more cloying than affecting.