Cranston has plenty of menace left over following the end of Breaking Bad, and his fans will forgive the distracting Polish accent he keeps up through the film.
The plot and characters all appear to be consequences of a group of writers that just didn't have a single iota of originality among the three of them, and as a result, it's simply not worth your time.
...a better-than-average thriller...
Derails in the end, trying to neatly wrap-up a picture that demands a more sophisticated conclusion, but the basics sustain allure, especially when they're competently performed.
Cranston's accent is Dick-Van-Dyke-in-Mary-Poppins-bad.
The film will leave you positively chilly ... and wishing Eve's talents had been suited by a better movie.
Viewers who aren't desperate to see Bryan Cranston play an offshoot of Walter White would do well to instead seek out past noirs that have made more out of this premise.
Might have been at least a little diverting had even an ounce of ingenuity been applied.
"Cold Comes the Night" provides Eve with an opportunity to showcase yet another side of her talent.
Perfectly serviceable B-movie noir.
A bland and preposterous thriller in which Alice Eve and Bryan Cranston play unlikely partners in crime.
A tense little thriller that provides juicy roles for its deft lead actors, Alice Eve and Bryan Cranston, as well as some well-played action and several neat twists.
Cold Comes the Night is a serviceable low-budget thriller with a pair of strong lead performances and intermittently suspenseful scenes.
It's hard not to be impatient with a movie as openly lazy as "Cold Comes the Night," which is redeemed only by its performances.
Cranston, in a fake beard and dark glasses, seems to be enjoying his goofy act. Trouble is, this isn't the kind of movie in which goofy earns goodwill.
"Cold Comes the Night" mines the sort of B-movie territory elevated by the likes of "Fargo" and "A Simple Plan," but minus the dark humor and the inexorable sense of dread.
You want to root for this little movie because it works so hard. But, finally, to not nearly enough effect.
Suspenseful, low-budget neo-noir thriller, loaded with a pervasive aura of treacherous violence and atmospheric isolation.
A crime drama so forgettable it practically erases itself as it runs, Cold Comes The Night has just one real selling point: Bryan Cranston.
"Cold Comes the Night" isn't worth a special trip to the theater. But it's definitely a sturdy, at-home pleasure if you're clicking through your video-on-demand options some wintry night.
Even with the likes of Cranston as its main adversary, Cold Comes the Night is pretty humdrum.
As the screws turn, and the double crosses begin, the film sinks under the weight of its own ridiculousness.
It may be too short and a little too convenient, yet it is ultimately a decent thriller that is worth checking out.
A tense and effective modern film-noir, Cold Comes the Night boasts great performances and skillful direction, both of which allow it to succeed as a compelling, compact thriller.
Chun treats the material with a sophistication that brings its pulpy scenario down to earth.
Trying circumstances notwithstanding, most of the film's major happenings are either illogical or, much more damningly, not especially thrilling.
Bryan Cranston is still "Breaking Bad," slinging a Slavic accent as he does in this modestly effective genre thriller
Tze Chun's film exudes no flair in rehashing the violence and suspense of its predictable noir-thriller material.
The real revelation is Alice Eve, who gives a strikingly direct and affecting portrait of a woman in a desperate situation.
The upstate New York location looks as cold as death, though it still doesn't justify that feeble title.
Plot contrivance, bloodshed and lots of shouting prompt only ennui.
At this stage in his career, Cranston surely deserves better from cinema than this.
The film could almost pass for an episode of Breaking Bad, but it's redeemed by its moody tone and Eve... who gives her best performance to date.
A familiar-feeling crime thriller is enlivened by unexpectedly down-to-earth, hardbitten characters weighed down by the mundane weariness of life on the edge.
Seldom come the thrills in this dogged bag-of-loot B-movie, which chases its tail in scurrying circles around a downscale motel in upstate New York.
The great Bryan Cranston gets his mumbly thesp on in this disappointing, neo-noir thriller.
While this low-key thriller is strikingly well shot and acted, it never seems like it digs very far beneath the surface.
An engaging and enjoyable low-key crime thriller enlivened by a decent script, an original set-up and strong performances from both Alice Eve and Bryan Cranston.
A low-key but nonetheless effective thriller.
Though undoubtedly enjoyable in parts, Cold Comes the Night is too conventional a thriller, bringing little new to the genre.
Twists pile as high as corpses before an overcooked ending sends things spiraling into silliness.

@highlight

Despite strong performances from Bryan Cranston and Alice Eve, Cold Comes the Night is undone by a series of illogical plot twists.