It requires a light touch; I admire Branagh a great deal, but not for his light touch.
Idly plotted then tempered by a blunt ending. All of a sudden the viewer is left pondering 'eh?' as Pinter apparently run out of room on his pad.
Pinter's pauses, and the dour air of so much of the interplay, just don't fit on a story that's this slight.
Once the homosexual subtext is brought to the surface, everything seems to be a joke. Are they gay, kidding, or just considering?
Fans of the original should stay away.
The script includes a verbal motif that reminds us of what binds the film's four central talents together: 'I want to show you something.' [Blu-Ray review]
What this Sleuth lacks in enthusiasm it makes up in character-driven menace.
Despite Branagh's every attempt to capitalise on the intimacy of the cinematic medium with (intrusive) close-ups, the direction is heavy handed; the result being a dramatic, but emotionally cold experience
Goofy art house tendencies (including an ill-thought dalliance with homo-eroticism) trigger a few giggles, yet the clever, crisply-acted power struggle seizes your attention
Director Kenneth Branagh has mercifully pared the action down to 88 minutes (the first movie dragged on for 138), but the final act... still seems to go on forever.
What Pinter and Branagh present is a much more wicked, cold, disturbing film that is even more confined than the original.
Seems to me that the Kenneth Branagh-Harold Pinter Sleuth is a pretty good movie. It just isn't a very good Sleuth, exactly.
By the time the film ends on a flat note, it is long past the point of failing to effectively showcase a meeting of minds between two great actors.
Whether you like the film probably depends on whether you can treat it all as seriously as Pinter and Branagh. If you can't, this short, brackish piece will not work at all, even if you don't regard it as a piece of piss.
A Dead Film Walking, a zombie of a film, a shuffling Frankenstein's monster of a film, leaking electricity from its badly-fitting neck bolts, tragically whimpering at the pointless agony of its own brief existence.
Message to Jude: You have more chance of convincingly concealing that receding hairline than becoming the new Michael Caine. Stop trying to be something you are not - a charismatic actor.
This is the kind of intimate physicality that Pinter pumps into Shaffer's script. But it will take a better director than Branagh to tease it into the real world.
Directed by Kenneth Branagh and scripted by no less than Harold Pinter, the wicked charm of Sleuth Mk1 has been stripped away to leave a nasty, dispiriting and strangely cold psychological thriller.
A bold, initially fascinating but ultimately misguided attempt to 'Pinter-ize' an old-fashioned puzzle. Great mysteries leave their audience marveling 'how did they do that?' Sleuth 2007 leaves you scratching your head, wondering why they bothered.
Caine and Law rustle up a spicy chemistry which sustains a sizzle for an hour or so. But the second half panders to Pinter's self-indulgence, unravelling Branagh's high-tensile head-fuck as a hollow skirmish.
No amount of visual flourish, sadly, can compensate for the woeful lack of chemistry between the leads or arch dialogue that sounds more like a Pinter parody than the man himself.
When Sylvester Stallone's Get Carter is no longer the worst remake of a Michael Caine movie, you have to ask yourself: what's it all about?
Perhaps the year's most pointless remake (and that's saying something), Sleuth is something of a disappointment, thanks to poor direction, dodgy acting and a laughably bad script.
Kenneth Branagh's direction, its self-consciously skewed angles and surveillance-cam cutaways highlighting his weakness for the misplaced flourish, is more of a hindrance than a help.
Minus a couple of brisk, black laughs, this hollow remake botches the twists and sucks the fun right out of its feisty source.
Sloppy execution of a reasonable concept. A wasted opportunity.
Sleuth is no longer a fun whodunnit; it's been transformed into a baffling whatthehellweretheythinking?
A film that's right up there with Crash, The Island of Dr. Moreau (1996), and the Kennedy White House for sheer wasted potential and misguided ambition.
The movie never achieves anything like a life of its own.
A tedious bit of shenanigans and sleight of hand lifelessly realized by director Kenneth Branagh.
Director Kenneth Branagh clearly is having fun navigating Tim Harvey's slick set design, but eventually the characters' deadly competitiveness becomes tedious.
An utter redundancy...
While the cagey old pro does manage to hold our interest throughout, Law badly flounders in the sort of vehicle that seems tailor-made for him.
It doesnt work, and the reasons why are no mystery, no mystery at all.
The back-and-forth goes on and on, increasingly impenetrable. Talk. Poke. Provoke. Repeat.
Constantly upstaging the rest of the cast, and reminding us over and over that we are watching a stogy, old fashioned stage play, Branagh's loopy lens is indeed the best part of Sleuth. Everything else is just plain pointless.
Alas, it just doesn't work. It could have, but it doesn't.
This film wants only to entertain, and other talents have gathered with Pinter to help.
A film that gives a twist to the old chestnut, but one that shatters what was best about it in the first place.
Devotees of the original may be appalled to see it changed in any way, but on its own terms it's pretty entertaining.
This was never going to be a masterpiece, but it didn't have to be nearly so frustrating.
While [writer] Pinter contributes some venom-spitting new dialogue, he also deviates wildly from the original story in the third act -- which would be fine, if the deviations weren't less compelling and more abrupt than Shaffer's original ideas.
It sounds so promising. It plays so disappointing.
We're left with two suitably hammy performances by Caine and Law, who do not forget they are actors playing actors, and a production design that must have kept the lighting people doing some ingenious plotting of their own.
Just terrible.
There's lots to like in Sleuth's battle of wits, which occurs when an actor (Jude Law) having an affair with a married woman visits her husband, a writer (Michael Caine), and asks him to grant her a divorce.
This would have been a memorable night at the theater. Too bad they filmed it.
Caine and Law are terrific together, verbally circling each other like panthers ready to pounce.
Branagh's Sleuth delivers a preening surface that's glossy and coldly attractive but we don't care a whit about the characters or what happens to them.
Expertly acted by the two leads and wildly entertaining for a about half the picture this new version goes wildly off the rails, the final thirty minutes or so implausibly executed it's just about enough to make a viewer's head spin.
Closed-circuit cameras and electronic gadgets are so much in abundance, bathed in the coldest of blue lights, it's as if Branagh chose to film his Sleuth in a Best Buy warehouse.
Those who say they wouldn't mind watching Michael Caine and Jude Law recite the phone book may well have their patience tested by Sleuth.
This might have been OK for cable, but as a night out at the movies, it feels like a bit of a cheat.
Although the first half is much better than the second, Sleuth is intense, wordy, wordly and thought-provoking overall. It may not appeal to adolescent boys. Imagine that.
Sleuth remains an effective display of acting, with enough twists and turns to satisfy the newcomers and avoid insulting the faithful.
Anyone with 138 minutes to spare can have a fuller, more satisfying entertainment experience in every way by hunting up the original.
A grand exercise in watching two marvelous actors rip into some crackling dialogue. It's the thespian equivalent of jousting, and it's fascinating to watch.
Little more than a sleek, stylish stunt.
Intense cat-and-mouse thriller is for adults only.
The acting alone carries the film.
Ironically it's Branagh's relentless and painfully obvious attempts to keep the action visually 'interesting' that makes the proceedings come off even more stagy.
And, amid the movie's many technologies of watching and acting, its "gotcha" tricks are surprisingly unsophisticated.
Shaffer, who adapted the 1972 version himself, surely would be less than thrilled by the post-modern, minimalist interpretation given to his best-known work, and understandably so.
This remake isn't as radical as last week's Heartbreak Kid redo. But it's similarly unsatisfying.
Sleuth gradually becomes soulless and no fun, and what's the point of that?
...like watching a pair of one-man shows face off against each other.
In Sleuth what he [Kenneth Branagh] celebrates is perplexing, ominous, insinuating material in the hands of two skilled actors.
Even though it held no real surprises for me, I was still able to enjoy it simply for the spectacle of watching Caine and Law tearing into each other in the most nastily erudite manner possible.
Sleuth finds Branagh and Pinter at their absolute worst.
Branagh, whose screen career with Shakespeare began on a high note with Henry V and has gone steadily downhill since, does a nice job keeping a stagebound piece relatively cinematic without resorting to the usual opening-up techniques.
If you consider what the exalted quartet of Branagh, Pinter, Caine and Law might have done with the project, and what they did to it, Sleuth has to be the worst prestige movie of the year.
A semi-satisfying game, set and match.
Tedious, pretentious, and ludicrous.
Too updated and tries too hard.
While the cons do finally outweigh the pros... oh what marvelous pros they are.
Both stars definitely deliver and the movie directed by Kenneth Branagh is handsome enough, but for some reason it just doesn't connect the dots.
Kenneth Branagh is not a director with a light touch, or an aversion to self-importance, and the movie's visuals are too painfully obvious.
Caine and Law go at it like tigers, but in the end they're just chasing their own tails.
Just when things should be getting exciting and complex, they become repetitive and predictable. Subtext becomes hint becomes statement becomes declaration. For once, Pinter is a little too easy to understand.
So what's it all about? Got me.
Language this lethal has all but disappeared from the movies, and it's an unmitigated pleasure to observe Caine and Law attack it with such ferocity. Sleuth is nasty fun.
One of the more entertaining films of the season, a tight, efficient thriller with two actors, a director, and a writer firing on all creative cylinders
Entertains more than it should, a sure sign that the real culprit is the fine talent assembled.
In spite of its strengths for the first two-thirds, you're better off tracking down the original Sleuth than this one.
In the remake of Sleuth, what was once insignificant is now insufferable.
It's hard to fault a 35th anniversary retelling for not being able to fool us, but you would think in that time they'd be able to find a way to make that second-act twist work on film.
Caine and Law are in fine form bantering cleverly in this entertaining cat-and-mouse game, thanks to the inspired dialogue of Harold Pinter.
ambitious if not fatally amateurish
Despite interesting cinematography, this remake it fails because Michael Caine is no Laurence Olivier and Jude Law is no Michael Caine.
It has a certain edge and daring, or more to the point it pretends to. That goes some distance toward concealing that Sleuth is a horrible mismatch of writer and material.
It's an interesting failure -- a film that works more successfully as a study of technique and writing than as a motion picture.
Leaving aside two brilliant 1963 film adaptations of [Pinter's] best work, The Caretaker and The Servant, the terse opacity of the dialogue that served his early plays so astringently has never translated well onto the big screen.
Purely as an exercise in stylistic face-lifting, Sleuth is fascinating.
A delicious truffle filled with poison, with a sleek beauty that makes Sleuth all the more dangerous.
...a picture whose modest length still manages to outlast our interest and then test our patience.
It's like Deathtrap crossed with Cribs as staged by Stanley Kubrick.
Kenneth Branagh's direction imitates De Palma's multi-angled voyeurism, but the trite visual tricks interrupt the clipped language and tense interaction that are British theater's domain.
I think the movie works best if you know the original and have a taste for goofy revisionism -- say, Hamlet as a giant Hawaiian luau with the final duel on surfboards, or Paul Anka doing a finger-snapping "Smells Like Teen Spirit."
It's tempting to call the new Sleuth a soulless remake, but that would imply that the original had a soul.
Directed by Branagh as a stylish, nasty tug of war. But it's also murky and overwrought.
Michael Caine and Jude Law give inspired performances that make the most of Pinter's brilliant and pithy dialogue.
Sleuth is worth the price of admission just to watch the old pro Caine put Law through his paces. Law may have youth and beauty on his side, but Caine has sheer charisma and a towering talent.
Sleuth is a rare film where violence is a welcome relief, concluding the madness that puts the audience out of its misery as the credits thankfully roll.
If you can get in the mood for a talky tête-à-tête, then Sleuth will be right up your lover's lane.
...little more than an actor's showcase.
Fans of the original, or even people who saw the original and said, 'Meh,' will likely be angered by this update --- especially the end, or more directly, the lack thereof.
Sleuth succeeds as a gripping, character-driven thriller.
You're in an ether between a stage play's suspension of disbelief and film realism.
Coming so shortly after Steve Buscemi's far more effective Interview, it's that much more obvious how flawed it is.
A stylish matching of verbal wit made less interesting as language sits out the physical action.
Sleuth isn't incendiary or ground-breaking; it's a chance to see two very good actors (who also happen to be movie stars) work with very good material under the direction of a very good director.
A wickedly entertaining four-man tour de force, Sleuth transforms Anthony Shaffer's Tony-winning, rather than rehashing the fine 1972 movie version.
Branagh's stylish but vacuous Sleuth, is curioisity item, an unnecessary remake of the 1972 film that has no reason to exist other than Jude Law's obsession with playing Michael Caine's vintage roles.
This is a radically different Sleuth, one that feels at times like Pinter self-parody.
A delicious little devil of a movie in its own right.
The real culprit, dear Watson, is playwright Harold Pinter, contracted here for a baroque rewrite of Shaffer's original dialogue. The result. Is one. Of unbearable artifice. Throughout. The entire film. Some puzzles just give you a headache.





@highlight

Sleuth is so obvious and coarse, rather than suspenseful and action-packed, that it does nothing to improve on the original version