A superfluous denouement aside, Remember is Egoyan's leanest, cleanest film in years...
The time it gets where it's going, we're left with a film of surprising power.
By journey's conclusion, we bear the mark, too.
After over a decade of more misses than hits, Canadian filmmaker Atom Egoyan returns to the character-driven intrigues of his early career.
Remember becomes the sort of movie that transcends genre expectations.
Remember is a gloriously trashy thriller, turning a narrative that could have easily been prestige season awards-bait into pure nonsensical pulp.
The great performance of Plummer isn't quite wasted, but it deserved better.
This lurid and disorienting story of an old man out for revenge is a Memento-like narrative puzzle enhanced by the immense presence of Christopher Plummer.
It's not just a triumph for Canadian director Egoyan but for writer Benjamin August.
Once Remember begins to unfold, the astonishment of watching an elderly man, who is losing his memory minute-by-minute, become a one-man Nazi hunter is intoxicating.
Remember is a hard sell, but like Zev, in the end you reach a point of satisfaction and witness a job well done.
The film's real thrills are to be found in the fragility and confusion of Plummer's performance. At 85, few actors find leading roles and he's the oldest actor to have won an Oscar (for Beginners); he deserved better than this.
Plummer himself is perfect for this role. There aren't too many others who could convincingly play a demented nonagenarian with such verve.
Christopher Plummer gives a towering, affecting, prestige-level performance that sharpens the material around him...
Canadian director Atom Egoyan offers his best work in ages with this quietly observant drama. Paying special attention to sounds, places, and tones, the movie turns unexpectedly moving and powerful.
Plummer does fine work in the lead role, but the supporting players tend to go way over-the-top.
[It] mainly uses the Holocaust as a plot point, looming in the far distance but rarely considered. The film is more about the danger of forgetting, a recurring theme for Canadian director Atom Egoyan.
...a marvellous film...
A film that could easily be interpreted as an exploitative B-movie camouflaged as a serious rumination on age, memory loss and mortality.
A strong supporting cast also does good work, and the film -- as is the case of all Egoyan's films -- is made with smooth professionalism. It's a pity that it increasingly strays into the direction of almost laughable improbability.
The performance by Plummer, now in his mid-80s, amounts to a masterclass on how to use one's actual physical limitations to advantage.
Long, slow fuse movie that keeps us guessing till the end, with a memorable performance from Christopher Plummer as Zev, escaping from his retirement home to track down a Nazi with Auschwitz blood on his hands
It's not hard to say this is his best work in years - but don't take that as faint praise.
A film that, despite Plummer's powerful turn, proves too pulpy for its underlying theme about unpunished war criminals-as well as one that serves as a sad reminder of the heights that its director once reached.
Combines the best aspects of mysteries, thrillers, and dramas, offering up a revenge tale 70 years in the making,
[The last scenes] reveal that the movie's gimmick has existed only to sucker punch us with a pessimistic, morally questionable shift.
Atom Egoyan's bold but often ludicrous Remember plays a like a mash-up of The Terminator, Marathon Man and Memento, as filtered through the lens of an old Twilight Zone episode.
Plummer's perfectly pitched performance as the vulnerable Zev, struggling to retain his mind more than minding his mission, provides all the emotion necessary to overrule the most illogical of events.
Egoyan's art-house gleam is recognizable even without his beloved flashbacks... Memory, remembering, the failure to remember, failing memories: the title is multivalent, whether invoking history or dementia.
With an incredible cast and a stumbling screenplay, Remember makes its mark as a fairly captivating thriller but doesn't have the longevity to be very memorable in the long run.
There's some poignancy in the film's study of aging and grief, along with some clever twists if you don't take things too seriously.
Plummer's performance shows an actor in full command of his resources, even as the man he plays is losing his.
A superb example of Egoyan at his best and most polished.
I don't know if it was Canadian director Atom Egoyan's first decision or last decision to cast Christopher Plummer in the lead role in "Remember," but it was unquestionably his best decision.
A patient, thoughtful movie, the sort of film grown-ups aren't often treated to these days.
Give this taut, twisty tale of Nazi-hunting suspense a chance and you may find yourself swept up in the mystery.
There is no actor currently at work capable of embodying the complexity of this character like Plummer.
A piece of smart, entertaining and touching filmmaking. [Full review in Spanish]
Masterly acted and suspenseful vengeance flick. . .Plummer is brilliant at conveying constant changing states of mind, from avuncular...into avenging angel...to befuddlement.
A shaky premise meets a shaky protagonist in "Remember."
This engaging, intriguing revenge story is unlike any other Holocaust-inspired movie you've ever seen!
A riveting "Memento" mystery of old men, Holocaust survivors seeking their equally aged tormentors through the fog of dementia.
There is too much convenient coincidence and less tension than a payback drama needs, but the cast is as good as always.
Plummer is, by far, the best thing about the film.
Mistakes in tone and scripting eventually work to trip the feature up, but "Remember" has its share of riveting moments, buttressing an atmosphere of unease that's alien to Egoyan's recent work.
Part Munich, part Memento, Remember features a compelling performance by Christopher Plummer as Zev Gutman, a man with a deadly errand: to track down and kill the Nazi war criminal who murdered his family at Auschwitz.
Dementia be damned - the aging ghosts that haunt Remember are what make it unforgettable.
Holocaust-themed film that thrills instead of weeps.
Plummer, against all odds, brings pathos and dignity to a role that doesn't deserve him.
Those paying close attention to the opening will see which way this story is going, but the eventual reveal is secondary to Plummer's masterful, restrained performance.
"Remember" is a well crafted film that tells a very different story of revenge cloaked in an unusual road trip.
A diabolically clever, geriatric "Memento" set up, magnificent cast. Slight let down at the end. Plummer outstanding.
Hit-or-miss director Atom Egoyan is way off here. He telegraphs the story's arc early, and screenwriter Benjamin August relies heavily on happenstance to move the story along.
Plummer, half-a-century after outsmarting the Nazis in "The Sound of Music," manages to further hone his reliably persuasive presence.
It touches on big topics like the Holocaust, dementia, and middle-class American mores, and in doing so verges on bad taste. Despite all that, and an implausible plot, Egoyan ekes out an engaging and meaningful potboiler.
[I]n making senility the engine of the piece and siphoning its heft from the Holocaust, Egoyan manages to trivialize both. His film is as lost and confused as its hero.
This isn't a paint-by-numbers revenge plot. When the payoff finally comes, it's as satisfying as it is perplexing.
Egoyan, like a Canuck M. Night Shyamalan, can't resist trying to trump his early career success with last-minute twists.
Atom Egoyan chooses a risky approach to a Holocaust theme that many will find highly unsatisfying if not risible.
...Egoyan's "Memento" by way of "This Must Be the Place" exhibits a strong directorial hand from Christopher Plummer's dissolving determination to inspired art direction.
Inspired by a promise made... Remember is a potent thriller replete with big surprises.
Yes, this type of role has become a sort of must-have accessory in an older actor's kit bag, but Mr. Plummer is never less than convincing.
Plummer is deeply affecting, even while navigating plot holes you could drive a 16-wheeler through.
The big climactic reveal should feel cheap, but it winds up opening the film up, justifying its lurid approach and creating a film that asks useful questions, and not only about how we deal with the Holocaust.
The trashier the movie gets-and each of Zev's encounters with a Rudy Kurlander is more lurid than the one before-the more its implausible, button-pushing premise works for it rather than against it.
Atom Egoyan is only interested in using the Holocaust as fodder for carrot-dangling plot contrivances.
You'll never forget "Remember."
Riveting, morally complex film about an aging Holocaust survivor attempting to track down the Nazi guard who destroyed his family in Auschwitz.
Atom Egoyan's atypically linear revenge fantasy disingenuously evokes the ghastly legacy of Auschwitz as an artsploitation thriller.
Plummer delivers a fantastic, subtle and measured performance.
As with a lot of Egoyan movies, the acting around the edges can be questionable, but Plummer's good and the film executes its twists well enough.
A partial return to form for director Atom Egoyan ... Nazi hunting for the Best Exotic Marigold Hotel generation, if you will.
Remember had the makings of an unforgettable thriller, but a series of far-fetched events forced this feature to the farcical side.
If you need more reference points than Madsen or Tarantino, then regard Remember as Egoyan's take on Memento by way of Hitchcock, who spent his career musing on matters of identity.
A twisted tale of human perfidy, but told with a calm and mature eye of a filmmaker who has come around to the value of storytelling over style.
Atom Egoyan's most entertaining movie in years...
Powerful but problematic.
Flashback-free narrative scripted by Benjamin August is the most linear storytelling Egoyan has done in ages, and also the most satisfying.
At its best, it creates plot devices of almost Hitchcockian cleverness ...
While the denouement is perhaps meant to make us reflect on deeper issues, Remember is most effective for the entertaining exploits of its intrepid, elderly protagonist.
Rest assured this is a delicately crafted and enjoyable film. And if for some reason you have to duck out early, you might even enjoy it a little more.
Remember is not a true story, yet could felt real if the plot had been as convincing as Plummer's performance.
Remember is a devilish entertainment that uses our own collective knowledge against us in decidedly twisted ways.
...a profound final twist and a great lead performance from Plummer manage to make Remember tense if nothing too memorable.
There's something rather uneasy about Remember.
Egoyan is back on form with this entertaining and intelligent Holocaust thriller.
It's not the disaster that the Venice pans made it out to be-Plummer is too committed to allow that-but it's a film that frustrates more than it satisfies.
What's so frustrating about "Remember" is that it's such a waste - of an intriguing, layered premise for one thing, but most especially of Christopher Plummer's late-career brilliance.
The movie is undermined by wobbly plotting, unconvincing casting and a script that veers into unintentional camp about an hour in and never finds its way back.
A stripped-down drama built around a powerful and sometimes troubling performance by Christopher Plummer.
As Zev closes in on his target you can almost hear the film's clockwork clicking and whirring, until the story finally snaps shut on itself like a trap.
Continuing the sad slump in Atom Egoyan's career after last year's The Captive, this plodding new drama is perhaps a shade or two less risible.
Despite Christopher Plummer's poignant lead performance, Atom Egoyan fails to find form in this Nazi-tracking mystery.
Remember features director Atom Egoyan and actor Christopher Plummer operating at the top of their games, delivering an intriguing revenge tale.

@highlight

Remember risks wandering into exploitative territory, but it's bolstered by some of Egoyan's best latter-day directing and a typically stellar performance from Christopher Plummer.