It's a cold fish of a film.
"MIB3" is a rocketing, rollicking, visually over-stimulating fun fest from almost the beginning.
Who is incarnated - wonderfully, amazingly - by Josh Brolin.
Let's give Smith, Jones and Sonnefeld a pass for going back to the well one too many times. But if they go for a MIB4, the pity party is over.
What could possibly go wrong with this formula? Threequel-itis, that's what. MIB 1 was great, MIB 2 not so much, MIB 3-just not cuttin' the mustard.
Whilst MIB III wraps up the series neatly, there's talk of a fourth already and you can't help but feel the joke is wearing a little thin.
A decade-late three-quel anticipated by nobody.
It's not a totally unpleasant way to spend an escapist evening, but considering the talent involved, 'MiB3' should have been more out of this world.
This is the proper sequel to the 1997 original, and not the 2002 laugh-free abomination, Men in Black II.
Josh Brolin and a dose of Back to the Future breathe life and laughter back into the franchise.
While it's a little thrown together, "Men in Black 3" seems focused on recapturing not just the style but also the soul of the original.
The script was enough of a mess to stop the shooting for high-priced rewrites, but you know what they say about washing garbage.
It's been ten years since the last underwhelming Men In Black movie and 15 long years since the brilliant original - and no one particularly asked to have it back.
MIB3 is dumb, flashy fun, and if you simply ignore its obvious shortcomings you may in fact find that being back in the saddle with the boys in black remains an enjoyable, frivolous ride.
The hip, knowing backdrop of these films - their winking acknowledgment that what you suspect about aliens is true - is more interesting than the run-of-the-mill plots scampering around in front of it.
Funny, if familiar. Energy and pacing are reasons it's able to skate by. It actually deepens the relationship between J and K, but it's still really a showcase for more of the same offbeat humor and imaginative special effects the first two are known for.
"MIB 3" doesn't have the same see-it-for-the-first-time magic that the original had, and tonally, with Boris, it's a totally different animal. But it's just as strong of a film.
Discerning viewers will find problems with a few of the film's twists and turns, but moment to moment, there's still plenty of fun to be had with the Men in Black.
The effects and direction make this a pleasant diversion, but with a bunch of clunky one-liners and half-baked scenes this is a film that won't be remembered long.
Too often sci-fi epics miss the balance between spectacle and storytelling. While Men in Black 3 isn't always consistent in humour and pace, Sonnenfeld, with a well-considered script from David Koepp, manages to make it work.
The third time is supposed to be the charm, right?
This mostly solid sequel is a return to form for the series and just stellar enough to make it a must-see for fans of summer popcorn fare, no matter your age.
"Men in Black 3" is fun and entertaining and shows hope that the series is not as dead as it seemed.
Like so many sequels, "MIB3" lacks the charisma of the original "Men In Black."
keep you interested enough to leave the cinema without feeling you've been cheated
At some point in the future, probably not more than a couple of weeks, you'll realize that you barely remember seeing it.
Mainly rollicks along, keeping a nice balance between grotesque-alien playfulness and badass secret-agent seriousness. The story doesn't have as much fun with the near-alien weirdnesses of 1969 as it could have but the ending comes with a poignant twist.
Despite a rough start, "Men In Black 3" is still decent. It's mostly due to the likes of Josh Brolin and Michael Stuhlbarg's fantastic performances along with Rick Baker's exceptionally creative creature designs, but the ending packs an emotional punch.
It's summer movie smack, and it leaves you hungry only for more of the same.
MIB3 defines how a smart summer tentpole extravaganza should look and act.
Here's a case of a second sequel being better than the first because, well, it had to be...Thankfully, reliance on visual effects has been dialled down this time around for the sake of a decent story.
Smarter than its predecessors, and better-looking, 'Men in Black 3' is an entertaining and (I hope) touching wrap-up to the buddy film science-fiction franchise that began 15 years ago.
Nowhere near as exhilarating as the first, a triumph compared to the second, Men in Black III offers one sci-fi alternative to a moviegoing summer front-loaded with caped avengers in tights. But not much more.
Beneath all the polish -- and Will Smith's considerable charm -- is a mediocre, lazily written story.
Sonnenfeld strikes a rich vein of comedy in production designer Bo Welch's imagining of the MIB in the 1960s.
Not even a melodramatic last minute twist or a reminder of race relations from half a century ago can inspire us to feel much for this parade of cheap humor and intentionally gaudy special effects.
Not nearly as silly as the others, the time warp gimmick works.
The oversized sci-fi fantasy, the super cool weaponry, the ultra cool humour, the adrenaline rush of action (and those iconic sunglasses) that have spawned millions of fans is back.
It's the exploration of the cool, unfathomable yin-yang relationship between Will Smith's J and Tommy Lee Jones' K that elevates this third film of the franchise beyond its quirky and inventive expectations.
Intelligence and wit make MIB 3 a winner.
Though there are a few highlights, surprisingly, megastar Will Smith isn't one of them.
As far as unnecessary sequels are concerned, Men in Black 3 is a serviceable addition to the series.
The actor and character that most humanizes the movie is Michael Stuhlbarg as Griffin, the alien with the gift of seeing potential futures. Griffin is both knowing and insecure. Stuhlbarg gives an affecting performance of warmth and fearful anxiety.
Dials down the creepy-crawly alien effects and ups the human element for this trip down the time tunnel, with a running theme of mortality, fatherhood and uncovering the mysteries of the past.
In many ways, MIB3 is an old-fashioned, alien-hunting Saturday matinee movie - and that's how we saw it.
Director Barry Sonnenfeld was the cinematographer on Misery, Raising Arizona and Blood Simple - and there is no doubt he has a signature, comedic camera style that works for his material.
Same silly sci-fi premise as before, but with much, much better special effects.
The main draw is the hanging out and goofing around, something Smith does really, exceedingly well.
Brolin is brilliant in his portrayal of Agent K in 1969. The interplay between Will Smith (Agent J) and Josh Brolin (Agent K) is very entertaining. Smith uses his wide repertoire of facial expressions to great advantage.
MiB3 isn't as good as the original, but it has a sufficient number of enjoyable moments and a delightful homage to Tommy Lee Jones' Agent K by Josh Brolin.
Sonnenfeld wisely plays to the strengths of the series' longevity, drawing some genuine emotion out of the buddy routine between slick-talking J and granite-faced K
A clear improvement over its nigh disastrous predecessor...
While it's fairly watchable, it's not a particularly memorable film.
Third time's the charm; director Barry Sonnenfeld finally nails a story cool enough for the Men in Black.
The back story plot works fine, but fans will enjoy what they love best about the MIB series - the visuals.
Most of the special effects are repeats of those seen in the first "MIB" movie and the only new element is Brolin's amazing performance as the young Tommy Lee Jones.
Nothing more than nonsensical escapist entertainment.
The standout here is Brolin, who nails Jones' mannerisms and vocal tics. Every time he calls Smith "slick," hondo" or "sport" you almost expect to see Jones standing behind him.
Lackadaisically conceived splooge.
Silly, lightweight, completely unnecessary but surprisingly fun.
Moderately enjoyable...
A lazy, paceless lump of special effects and zero laughs
The third act resolves into the thrill-park experience high-concept movies of this type typically become, before ending on a note of unexpected (and possibly uncanonical) sweetness. In the end, MIB3 is surprisingly touching. It may make you wet your eyes.
Despite having such a franchise-ready concept, it's becoming all the more clear that 1997's original MiB is a perfectly self-contained action comedy that needn't have been sequelized.
This third installment doesn't do anything notable enough to justify the franchise's revival, critically lacking in ambition, originality and narrative direction.
Josh Brolin impersonating the young Tommy Lee Jones is worth the price of admission to "Men in Black 3."
A fitting, franchise finale featuring all the fixins for a satisfying sendoff!
Nothing worse than a Action Comedy that delivers neither quality Action nor Comedy.
Lighting has clearly escaped from the bottle.
Mad Men in Black
Ultimately, it proves to be a bit long in the tooth, but a few bits manage to do the series proud.
Those expecting wanton alien bashing will not be disappointed ... but be prepared for more of a sentimental time-travelling journey down memory lane ...
An early surprise for the summer, Men in Black 3 defies the odds as a fun, flawed romp with an unexpectedly sweet, affecting climax. But they need to call it a day here.
The third film manages to remember what the second film forgot about the first film: be fun.
Not bad but not memorable, it seems to only exist as a kind of nostalgic revival piece, a belated attempt to wring one last curtain-call from a long-dead series.
By the time the credits roll, Men in Black III makes you wish you, too, could travel back in time, skip the movie and see the original for the first time.
Men in Black 3 isn't a spectacular summer comedy nor is it the worst comedy you'll see this year.
To be honest, the only real reason for fans to show up for Men in Black III is for the skilled artistry of make-up effects master Rick Baker.
The addition of Josh Brolin as the young Agent K proves to be a brilliant stroke.
The customary assortment of MIB aliens is in full flower. Kudos to more than 285 special effects and visual effects crew members who had a hand.
Brolin captures Jones' essence to such a high degree that he falls right into the old chemistry with Smith. It's a smooth transition, and happily, the old comedy team is back.
Men in Black III is far better than we had any right to expect.
a lackluster, overly cheesy film desperately trying to grasp hold of something that was hip and cool more than a decade ago
The good news is that it is an improvement over the previous film.
The movie represents at least a partial return to form--not as inventive as the first, but surely better than the recycled materials that made up the second.
High action, slick humor, raucous fun, MIB 3 is also a surprisingly thoughtful paean to the higher implications of pie, and to the miracle of chance that makes up the unified fabric of the past, present, and future.
Director Barry Sonnenfeld is as over-caffeinated as ever. His frenetic tone changes between comedy, action and pathos are quick enough to induce whiplash.
The first follow-up to 'Men in Black', ten years ago, seemed to be running on empty. It was the embodiment of everything that's wrong with sequels, whereas this one won me over completely.
With a budget reported at $375 million, the latest project to incorporate Apollo 11 into its sci-fi rewrite of history represents one small step for cinema, one giant leap for creative accounting.
Men in Black III is a perfectly acceptable summer blockbuster, with all the frenetic action, visual inventiveness and lack of substance that has come to be associated with the phrase.
This messy, overbearingly loud and barely diverting action comedy happens right in front of you. Then high-tails it out of your memory for good.
Did a third installment in this series need to exist? No, but it offers enough new variations on the formula to make me glad it does.
Surprisingly funny, smart and, dare I say, tender. The first great blockbuster of the summer.
It turns out to be reasonably entertaining, though not enough to make me crave Men in Black 4.
The Smith-Jones duo's return as the titularly clad operatives, while not exactly essential, comes with the charms of reprised, well-liked characters and a "didn't-see-that-coming" conclusion that makes up for the first hour's sequelitis.
Not just the funniest film in the series, Men In Black 3 has the best story, too.
Josh Brolin seems to have inhaled Tommy Lee Jones' grumpy essence and to be exuding it through his pores. It's a flawless comic performance.
That memory-erasing Neuralizer used by agents J and K comes in handy with Men in Black 3... Forgetting the scattershot second movie is easy. Not recalling how wonderful the original was is a necessity. MIB3 will leave few fond memories of its own.
An eclectic cast and stellar visual effects coalesce to make Men in Black 3 a quintessential kernel of summer popcorn cinema.
Smith continues to make the goofy plot, wild spectacle, and crazed alien antics look good.
Proves Two out of Three Acts Ain't Bad
"Men in Black 3" is a bore.
The most important thing is that Men in Black III is actually fun.
But Men in Black III proves that it's always fun to save the galaxy with Agents J and K, even when bravely facing down the law of diminishing returns.
I wouldn't recommend taking MIB3's tortured path to success; I'm just really glad it got there.
A film made by committee that doesn't display the touch of anyone with any remaining actual interest in the characters. In the pipeline for years, the film has been fine-tuned to the point that all of its personality was buffed out in the process.
It's all acceptably diverting, not actively unpleasant like the 2002 sequel. There are no grand twists or revelations comparable to the truth about the "galaxy" in the original.
At this point, the franchise seems as exhausted as its two stars look.
Even if MiB3 exists simply to gobble up cash and rejuvenate some careers, it's a reasonably engaging bit of disposable entertainment.
The premise is clever, Brolin is aces, and there's some lovely pathos at the end. It's a shame it's not funnier.
Sonnenfeld should be proud of himself for reinvigorating this series and making it a witty, entertaining, joy ride from start to finish.
It's bright and cheerful and, in a hokey third act twist, generically sweet.
The Men in Black are back, baby.
It evaporates almost as soon as it reaches your retinas.
It's not bad, but it's not great either.
Will Smith is funny, but Josh Brolin as young Agent K is so exceptional at mimicking the tight-lipped Tommy Lee Jones that he steals the show. If only the story had unforgettable moments. Or have we been neuralized?
Sonnenfeld imbues each scene with impish humour, from a protracted kiss that churns stomachs to a slime-slathered skirmish with a giant fish.
If, inevitably, it's not as fresh or inventive as the original, it does that thing of riffing on the old favourites in a way that flatters the audience's familiarity pretty well.
The world hasn't been craving another Men In Black sequel as much as Will Smith's agent.
If there ever is a "Men in Black IV" -- and at this point, it's hard to imagine one -- let's hope it finds that delicate balance between the yuks and the yucks.
Is the goofy MIB formula - a mix of deadpan acting cool and eye-popping creature effects - still funny? Happily, director Barry Sonnenfeld's ingenious sequel proves the answer is yes.
[E]ven though it manages to escape the been-there-done-that feeling of the second movie, Men in Black 3 still never fully justifies its existence.
Almost good enough to neuralyze your memories of MIB2.
I would have liked to have seen a more imaginative script, especially considering the premise and all of the possibilities it presents, but there's enough decent material to warrant a slight recommendation. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
You stop questioning the sight of hairballs launching scorpion boomerangs or shopkeepers dropping their trousers to reveal they're Teddy Ruxpin's pal, Grubby.
A nice throwback to the original and a fun film in its own right.
A palatable reprise of Men in Black
Third alien adventure is fun, less memorable than the first.
Ups the ante ever so slightly by incorporating some fireworks and daring to the typical gags, but it's still more often than not no great shakes.
This spirited three-quel comes close to the exuberance of the first Men in Black and is a distinct improvement over its limp 2002 follow-up.
MiB 3 isn't a bad movie at all; it's simply a vapid one.
They probably shouldn't make a fourth Men in Black, but then again, they probably shouldn't have made this one either, and it turned out all right.
This is far from [Smith's] finest hour but, rather like the film itself, he ticks all the right boxes, does more than enough to justify the price of a ticket and delivers more than a few genuine laughs.
Enjoyable enough that you won't need neuralising afterwards.
If you're looking for cinema verite, look elsewhere. If you're looking for a fun, fizzy sequel in a franchise left for dead 10 years ago, have at it.
As in most successful fantasy blockbusters, there's a comfortable balance between technological wizardry and human talent.
Doesn't amount to much with Josh Brolin, but it would be a lot less fun without him.
It's a massive film with a chewy center, yet the effort doesn't sink under the weight of its elaborate intentions. It's intermittently pleasurable, getting the franchise back on track.
"Men in Black 3" has got the MIB mojo back - well, most of it anyway.
The fresh blood added to MiB3 makes it such an enjoyable movie. Brolin's evocation of Jones never fails to amuse.
Men in Black 3 is almost good enough to make you care about its existence. And yet not quite.
[Brolin's] performance defies explanation; it's mysteriously marvelous.
If it's not nearly as fresh and clever as the 1997 Men in Black, it restores a bit of luster to the series after the dud sequel of 2002.
Rick Baker's creepy-crawly critters continue to impress, but sadly they're the most original and imaginative thing about Men in Black 3. The humans? Don't make me laugh.
Its opening sequences are a near marvel of confusion, mayhem and embarrassments for its actors. If it was a person, you'd worry it had dementia.
The plot swirls around in fun and frothy circles for much of the running time, but like a dog chasing its tail never quite gets where it wants to go.
The unexpected spark between Smith and Brolin makes MiB3 primo summer fun.
You've already got a hidden universe of alien inhabitants below the surface of normality, why throw in time travel as well, especially when The Family Guy does it better?
It's not quite as fresh as the first one, but it's better than the second.
Sonnenfeld ... gets just enough juice out of the time-travel idea to give Men in Black 3 a lift.
Sonnenfeld depends on crashing action and hyperventilating camera moves to puff up the slack blimp of a story. Unfortunately, there's one effect that computer-animation technicians can never duplicate: a genuine sense of fun.
Happily, it far exceeds the second effort. And while it doesn't quite match the first, it's still a good time - extraterrestrial warts and all.
It's like a cross between Looney Tunes and The Naked Lunch - a hallucinogenic popcorn movie you can safely forget the moment it's over. So bring on Men in Black 13!
Did the world need another "Men in Black"? No, not at all. But if there had to be one, then it's certainly a relief that it should be one as agreeable as this.
It may sound good as a screenwriter's pitch, but it's not much fun to watch.
Third entry in the popular series satisfies on every level.
MIB 3 is fun yet forgettable. Nice to see Mr. Smith back on the screen.
The movie's a mixed bag, but a cheery, sunny, nifty-looking one, whose emotional strokes count for more than its predecessors' surly attitude.
Smith tries hard here, but that's part of the problem - beads of sweat are all over this thing.
"Men in Black III" is an efficient Hollywood summer blockbuster product.
Smith looks younger than ever, and remains impossible not to like, just as it is impossible not to like ice-cream or the first intimations of summer.
This sequel is so lifeless and pointless that it moves beyond "unnecessary" into the realm of "unwanted" and "insulting."
Gone is the spark that made the relationship between the exuberant Smith and buttoned-up Jones so much fun.
This isn't nearly as satisfying as something like THE AVENGERS, but it's not trying to be. It's a breezy popcorn movie that's supposed to entertain you while you're in the theater, then you return to your normal lives when it's done.
The basic plot is so lame and uninvolving that it would have gotten tossed out of a story meeting amongst little kids playing with action figures in a sandbox.
Some big laughs and an air of sweet melancholy get you through the slow spots. But enough is enough.
While they probably needed the decade-long gap between films to make us forget MIB2- this third installment is actually quite decent.
Brolin is such a perfect match for Jones, and Smith so confidently charismatic, that everything else seems like a distraction.
With the exception of the special effects department, I get the sense that just about no one in any aspect of the production tried, at all.
As in previous iterations, J and K investigate places where humans appear to reside only to discover a veritable 'Star Wars' cantina of alien whatchamacallits.
...rehashes old themes without really bringing newbies up to speed, then plunges into a time travel plot that introduces ideas only to leave them dangling...the film's biggest asset is Michael Stuhlbarg as new character Griffin
Has no MSG. I mention this because many will probably want to make a meal of it and, it should be said, it's both pretty tasty and will leave you feeling hungry an hour later...
It's that rare threequel that doesn't suck. Great special effects, surprising amount of heart.
The franchise is no longer the zenith of blockbusterism, and the gooey effects from Hollywood veteran Rick Baker look overly familiar, but "Men in Black 3" remains an amiable comedy with some fondly familiar faces.
"Men in Black 3" is all surface but, as with the moon, the surface can steal our attention
Look into this device and wait for the flash and forget any talk of sequels, please. Move along. Your work is done.
It really is too bad that Smith couldn't go back in time and stop this thing.
"Men in Black 3" arrives in the multiplexes of the world with no particular agenda. Which may be part of the reason that it turns out to be so much fun.
They used to protect us from the scum of the universe but now they're the scum of the cinema-verse
A small movie in a blockbuster suit ... with enough emotional pull to rise above irrelevant, if south of necessary.
A solid plot, one with credible sci-fi twists but also heart. It throws off the jokiness in which this series has been mired to create action-adventure in service to story.
There are some hilarious moments and sublimely silly asides, but the film never shifts into full-speed.
If ITV had made Doctor Who then it would look something like this.
Brolin's performance gives comedic heft to this three-peat of the franchise about a group of dark-suited federal operatives who oversee the presence of extraterrestrials on Earth.
In the mists of the past, damned if an old tune doesn't find some new energy. Delight, a modest yet palpable measure of the stuff, is restored.
Men in Black 3 is so dull and empty, it's the first movie that has ever made me think "Thank God this is in 3D."
Consegue divertir graças a Josh Brolin e a alguns instantes de maior inspiração na maneira como a trama envolvendo viagem no tempo é conduzida.
You may be wondering what thrilling, creative idea caused the filmmakers and stars to resurrect this franchise. The answer: none.
Sonnenfeld's mildly overachieving film isn't essential, but it finds just enough ways to justify its existence beyond the insatiable demands of commerce.
It's better than the first one.
Brolin's performance is funny, masterful, confident, and more than a little unsettling. If one human being can sample another, that's what's going on here.
Sonnenfeld and Cohen move their baby along with an integrity and gait that ought to serve as a blueprint for other filmmakers faced with the particular challenges of reviving big-ticket and time-dated hunks of pop culture.
Like an alien trapped in a human host, a better movie is itching to burst out of "Men in Black 3."
"Men in Black III" isn't bad, certainly not as bad as it might have been. But it's not exactly good, either. Mostly, it's something else: unnecessary.
Josh Brolin's hilarious turn as the younger version of the character made famous by Tommy Lee Jones is alone worth the price of admission.
The franchise is no doubt a little dated, yet Will Smith's first film since 2008's Seven Pounds is a likable dose of brain-neuralising entertainment.
For families looking for a fun trip to the movies, or even a casual night out with friends looking for easy to digest entertainment, there is enough enjoyment to be had.
A character-driven story that resurrects this entertaining franchise.
More like an attempt to reenergize a franchise than rebottle the lightning that electrified the original.
This is a heartless, cheerless mess, a meandering 100-minute excuse to enter the already overflowing Summer movie fray. Here, the hipster irony that made the first film fly is all but dead. In its place is a flat feeling of deja vu.
Is there any big movie star performance more genuinely charming than Will Smith's Agent J? Even when this latest chapter in the series is at its sloggiest, Smith saves the day.
It's been ten years...but it's been worth the wait.
Enjoyable sequel with an engaging plot and superb performances from Smith and Brolin, but it's not quite as funny as it should have been and certain scenes seem to have mysteriously gone missing.
What makes the film work is a marvelous performance by Josh Brolin as a younger 1969 version of K.
The thing is still too loud and too big in many respects, but it offers some satisfactions that the average blockbuster rarely even bothers to imagine.
When even the most charismatic actor on the planet can't fake excitement, you know you're in trouble.
If you are a fan of the MIB franchise, you should enjoy this movie. It's a bit cartoony at times but overall it is a fun ride.
It's just not good it's bland, it's dull. You would think you'd have an interesting story after all these years, think again. The aliens in this movie make Alf look like James Bond
Apparently, it's okay to be nostalgic again, especially when the emotional payoff is this big-a wonderful surprise.
If you opt to rent the 3-D glasses, Men in Black 3 will be $14; the product has not, otherwise, changed significantly.
I'm still not convinced anyone really needs it, but this is a respectable effort in the circumstances.
[I]t's funny, it's thrilling -- the actual sequences of travelling through time are intense and inventive -- and it's even poignant.
Exactly what you'd expect: amiable mediocrity and nicely laid-back performances with pricy special effects plugging in the gaps where jokes should be.
[VIDEO ESSAY] Go ahead and eat some popcorn. "Men In Black III" is a great excuse to do so.
Tommy Lee Jones deadpan stoicism and Will Smith's quasi-hip parlance doesn't add up to much in this film.
Fun, fast-paced.
There's a zippy and clever movie going on all around the two lumps with their names above the title.
Looks cool, seems promising and goes absolutely nowhere.
Engrossing and entertaining, sizzling with comedy, suspense and intrigue.
Never inept, but almost completely inert.
In this age of blockbuster bloat, Sonnenfeld's willingness to wrap things up well before the two-hour mark, as well as his eschewal of sledgehammer product placement, count as gestures of considerable mercy.
Stars Smith and Jones deliver a few scenes of enjoyably antagonistic banter but neither seems as fully committed to this kind of comedy as in the earlier films.
This only mildly bloated and convoluted action comedy has enough inspired moments to wipe out memories of the abysmal 2002 first sequel as surely as one of the black-suited heroes' nebulizers.
It's hard to imagine it won't be a hit, and hard to begrudge that success, no matter how saturated we are with comic-book properties and sequels.
The time travel conceit is not as fresh or smart as the fans would have liked, but the film is more entertaining than the second chapter, and Will Smith's charismatic performance dominates the polished package.
So much of Men in Black III just kind of sits there.
A harmless bit of summer entertainment that doesn't require a lot of heavy thinking and should offer fans of the original enough of what they hoped for to not be considered a dud.
Even a film with great eye-candy like this one fails to satisfy as it lacks a solid screenplay.
A funny, exciting, spectacular and surprisingly poignant thrill-ride -- definitely worth two of your Earth hours.
It's not a sequel that needed to be made, but thanks to the charm of its leads and a tone that harks back to the wit and humour of the original, it's a pretty enjoyable trip.
Men in Black 3 is a series of okay gags and okay action sequences, with enough elements to make it moderately enjoyable.
J threatens to "pimpslap the shiznit" out of Andy Warhol, and the artist is befuddled by his ultra-hip parlance. If someone said that to me today, I too would assume they were a time-traveller, but from 1995 and not the future.
In a summer hardly starved of comic-book properties, this redundant extension of a series that ran out of gas a decade ago doesn't need a neuralyzer to be forgettable.
There is genuine heart in the reteaming of J and K, certainly sufficient to warrant MIB3's existence; enough, perhaps, to even trumpet it.
Although it still remains the threequel nobody was demanding to see, Men in Black III works as a solid creature feature filled with memorable performances and remarkable visual effects.
MiB 3 does justice to the fun and whimsy of the original, and gives you a surprisingly emotional insight into the characters - it travelled back in time to save this franchise from dying.
Few things in life are worth waiting a decade for, and this isn't one of them, but after witnessing so many big-screen sci-fi comebacks go so hideously wrong in recent years, Men In Black 3 emerges as something of a triumph.
Despite some good moments, Agents J, O and K are missing an E.

@highlight

It isn't exactly a persuasive argument for the continuation of the franchise, but Men in Black III is better than its predecessor and manages to exceed expectations.