Although [director Jia Zhangke] makes a great deal in interviews of how the four stories are drawn from reported cases in recent years across the nation... A Touch of Sin plays contrary to a torn-from-the-headlines dramatization.
The wuxia killings elevate A Touch of Sin into the territory of great revenge pictures, even as its ideology proves less than discernible.
Jia is one of those moviemakers who can tell a story in a single shot, and his eloquence is hard at work here ...
A grueling experience. One that feels sadly necessary.
A kind of Chinese Pulp Fiction with a political pulse, it adds up to a powerful portrait of desperate individuals driven to extremes by official corruption and runaway commercial development.
It's a movie that's bitterly violent, both physically and emotionally, and a tremendous exploration of the have-nots in a society that is mostly known for its haves.
It might be my least favorite of (Jia's) movies, but I still count it as one of the best films of 2013 which should tell you what I think of this extraordinary filmmaker.
It's a brilliant lyrical film, shot on a grand-scale.
Though ultra-violent at times, those in the market for quality arthouse fare are guaranteed to be enthralled.
It's that quality of directness, of purpose -- here particularly fierce purpose -- that gives Jia's plays with fiction and nonfiction both their vigour and their political perceptiveness and bite.
Beyond the spattered blood and broken bones, Jia's usual levels of compassion and social analysis are maintained.
Teases together four disparate stories of people driven to violence by the purgatorial pain of their modern existence.
Jia Zhangke's brilliantly observed A Touch of Sin paints a bleak and violent picture of a contemporary China in which corruption is endemic.
It provides a brutal, compelling insight into a troubled nation and is told with a fierce sense of urgency.
It's been banned in China for its savage criticism of that nation's economic and social policies. But its horrors look awfully familiar to us in the West, too.
Shocking. Stylish. Historic.
As an eastern western it's like The Searchers with missing GPS. The spectator wants guidance - but may not want it long enough to stay the journey.
Consistently gripping and fascinating.
The violence hits you like a shovel to the head, but the political rage stings hardest.
This is what Pulp Fiction might have looked like if Bill Douglas had got hold of it.
There's more than a nod to King Hu's Touch Of Zen as Zhangke unleashes a four-fisted chunk of ultraviolent fury. Tarantino would approve.
It's a strikingly shot picture with some genuine dramatic weight, but as an overall piece of understanding, the movie leaves too much obscured, keeping the viewer in the dark despite some incredibly intimate acts of deliberation.
This major work is cinematic in scope but loses none of the provocative truth that defines Zhangke's oeuvre.
I can't imagine a comparable American movie, militating passionately, lyrically over on the economic inequities of American life. It just isn't done.
[A] bracing and unexpected offering from a director we thought we knew.
The filmmaker uses his trademark meditative pacing to delineate a de facto Wild West replete with ruthless corruption.
While Zhangke's structural approach can at times be emotionally distancing, his themes thankfully keep the movie feeling personal.
Jia shows the new China as a venal,impossibly corrupt place where the downtrodden millions are almost as maltreated, and just as hopeless, as sufferers under Mao.
Part nuanced social commentary, part brutal action flick, auteur Jia Zhangke's seventh film takes a multi-pronged approach to a complex topic: the effect of capitalist greed on modern China.
This masterwork is set in contemporary China, where the gulf between those able to maneuver (or manipulate) the country's economies of change and those left behind or defeated by the seismic shifts widens.
A filmmaker captures soul of a nation in distress.
Unique and brilliant.
Courageous and unsparing in its view of contemporary China
In two decades of moviemaking, China's Jia Zhangke has examined the damage of his country's explosive growth with a poetic sense of outrage. With his latest effort, the implied violence bubbles over.
Jia is passionate about his characters, but that never compromises his considerable artistic control.
A film that could only be made by a fearless director fully aware of his powers, and unafraid to grapple with ideas that might break him.
Drawing on four news stories, writer-director Jia Zhangke portrays the plight of workers in the new China. Set in four provinces, A Touch of Sin is humanist critique of the country's turn to capitalism.
Jia offers a stark presentation (no music, few edits) that discourages vicarious thrills; the violence is startling, not cool.
Jia's primary concern here is the solitary suffering of his characters, punished to the point where they can't take anymore.
...kicks off with an absolutely electrifying opening sequence...
Director Jia Zhangke's measured fury is evident in every frame.
Although [Jia's] film is panoramic in settings and quasi-encyclopedic in styles, it unrolls as a single picture, sweeping, fluid and mesmerizingly clear.
An inside look at the mean streets of modern day China.
Epic and intimate, A Touch of Sin finally feels as big and complex, as contradictory and sad as, well, China.
Fists are raised, pistols are cocked and knives are brandished in Jia Zhangke's dystopian and throbbing take on modern China.
In addressing the two-pronged beast of westernization / corruption, Jia gives us a multipronged and engrossing set of plots.
In [Jia's] sorrowful vision of Life Right Now, everything on screen follows the jagged line of trickle-down cruelty, one where the bottom isn't the bottom at all.
In Jia's methodically furious vision, the ambient violence of unchecked power erupts among the insulted and injured with a horrific yet liberating sense of destruction and self-destruction.
[Jia's film] shows a China spiritually disintegrating under capitalism, an increasingly violent country where the rich swagger and the poor struggle for their little portion of dignity -- a country, in other words, not all that different from the U.S.
A corrosive depiction of the New China, an everything-for-sale society still figuring out how to cope with the dehumanizing effects of unbridled capitalism.
Zhangke is a throwback to the golden age of cinema, evoking Ray, Kurosawa and Sembene. Like them, he embodies the national idiom while addressing the universal human condition.
Sin, more stylized than the director's previous work, is also more detached.
The most dramatic and even lurid of writer-director Jia Zhangke's movies.
"A Touch of Sin" is by no means subtle, but it is composed with a passion and sinuous grace that makes it far more effective than many other sincere message movies.
It's not a pretty picture, but it's a compelling one.
A blistering fictionalized tale straight out of China, "A Touch of Sin" is at once monumental and human scale.
It's a bold, invigorating statement from a director who keeps reinventing himself.
Jia's film remains a troubling, exhilarating epic of pugnacious surreality that's filled with jabbing questions and no simple answers.
The movie builds repeatedly to crescendo, pushing some desperate individual to the brink and then watching as he or she explodes into violence.
Jia has a knack for orchestrating violence: The brutality is just stylized enough to have a kick, though you always feel its emotional weight.
As depicted by Jia Zhang-ke, the balance between the spoils and moral rot of murder are far preferable to the debasing rigors of tradition and hollow nationalism.
A searing narrative that takes aim against the corruption and greed in The New China.
By far the best action movie of the year.
A decent 45 minute buildup is squandered as the rest of the running time ambles along.
This was one film that I gladly wished was longer. It's the best omnibus in quite some time.
It's a stunning commentary on why our collective belief in might makes right continues to prevail.
A bitter, brutal, often brilliant exploration of violence and corruption in contemporary China.
It's travelogue cinema for the dissolute and gravely disenfranchised.
Embraces its many contradictions so fully that when the film doesn't work it strangely enough works best.
Ultimately A Touch of Sin a rather misshapen attempt to add drama and narrative intrigue to Jia's stylistic repertoire, and the joins show too obviously for the result to be truly satisfying to his diehard fans, or to potential new recruits.
An art-house film with the body count of a "Die Hard" sequel.
A dispiriting uphill climb destined to disappear into obscurity once its day at the Croisette is done.
The horizon-stretching scenery, shimmeringly captured by cinematographer Yu Lik-Wai, will make you draw breath, in awe but also fear.
This is a bitter, jagged, disaffected drama, pessimistic about China, pessimistic about the whole world.
From the opening moments of Jia Zhang-ke's A Touch of Sin, something strange is afoot--and not just the unexpected flourish of violence which punctuates the first scene.

@highlight

Its screenplay isn't as graceful as the choreography of its action sequences, but A Touch of Sin offers enough stylishly satisfying violence to muscle past its rough spots.