What crystallizes the film, especially for veterans of the Star Wars franchise is the sense of history and consequence from the last film in the storyline.
A truly wonderful movie-one worthy of its years-long hype and the Star Wars name itself.
The Star Wars film we needed (a palate cleanser). Funny, full of action and lots of feels, this new entry achieves great balance between nostalgia and novelty. [Full review in Spanish]
The Force Awakens is so crammed full of fun stuff it's like an economy-sized jar of Prego.
If you were worried that this movie was going to be like the prequels, or Star Wars: Into Darkness, do not worry. It captures the heart, it captures the soul, it captures everything that you liked about Star Wars growing up.
This movie carries so much magic.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens may not have provided me with an artistic experience, but it did maintain my interest in the rest of the trilogy, and there is something to be said for that.
Abrams has done a lot more than rebirth this series, he has renewed it with hope for the future
The storytelling is top notch. It's a carefully-crafted dance of nuance that balances a bit of everything.
It succeeds by managing to be spectacular, thrilling and, as Star Wars past meets Star Wars present and future, unexpectedly moving, too.
The final product is that The Force Awakens is emotionally satisfying, but you kind of have to play dumb to get along with it. It's a good movie-a really good one, on the surface level-but it falls just short of great.
Abrams seems far more intent on delivering on the promise of the originals as rousing space Westerns where good and evil stood opposite one another and dared the other side to blink.
Even if TFA is mostly fan service, I'll take it.
The new cast is brilliant. I still want to see where Episode VIII goes. But I'm in no rush to see it again as a standalone film.
... the end result is immensely satisfying, and should be so both for fans like myself and newcomers.
Thank the Maker the Galaxy still has life in it.
In short, The Force Awakens does what it needs to do. The familial saga of parents and children, power sought and power won, still sing to us on a genetic level.
Abrams makes the Star Wars movie every fan wants to see, and it succeeds effortlessly at doing more than merely cashing in on nostalgia.
I've been sold on the rich possibilities of these new movies. I'm letting the Force in this time.
JJ Abrams's sequel has, thank the Lord, delivered, with John Boyega and Daisy Ridley proving up to the challenge, too.
The Force Awakens takes its legions of rabid fanboys very seriously, throwing them meaty bone after bone.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens gives new life to a franchise of hope, resilience, courage and family that's been missing from theatres for far too long.
It's a big Star Wars universe out there and Abrams has just made it bigger again with this mix of fan boy homage and a fresh and quirky vision of his own.
The Force Awakens is fun. I'm not sure that it's great. ... But on the heels of the prequels, well, maybe fun is all we really need.
As the most anticipated film release that I can remember in some time, "The Force Awakens" has some big shoes to fill. And fill them it does.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens honors the series and takes it in exciting new directions. Both The Millennium Falcon and millennials, it would seem, are in good hands.
What we've got here is a film that managed, on the first try, to turn the engine over in a car that has been collecting dust for 32 years. Now, they didn't drive it anywhere, so we can't tell if it was worth the effort.
What is the Force, and Jedi-ism? In Star Wars, it refers to the ability of a high-level martial-artist-knight to use supernormal abilities. Science has proven 6 of them.
I'm happy to tell you that, despite some minor fumbles, this is definitely the Star Wars film we've been looking for.
Abrams is trying to recreate that experience for a whole new generation eager to be captured by the charge and action and exotic Amazing Stories covers come to life in a fairy tale space fantasy that takes place long ago and a galaxy far, far away...
'The Force Awakens' does what the original films did well - and is also its own, thrilling thing.
It's fan fiction writ large, making it clearer than ever that George Lucas is "Star Wars." With his voice gone, all that's left are tinny reverberations of movie history.
A trio of writers led by Lawrence Kasdan put the fun and fast-paced serial adventure back into Luke Skywalker's galaxy, and, just as importantly they give us new characters that we care about.
The return to that galaxy far, far away that audiences have longed for.
This is more than just a nostalgia trip: Star Wars is back and it feels beautiful.
J.J Abrams has done the impossible; he has created - and recreated - a Star Wars movie and made it look and feel like a Star Wars movie should. Funny, sad, exciting and enlivening, it is a definite and an absolute must-see.
Please, no more sermons about midichlorians and the Force - let's get those light sabers crackin'! And crack they do,
Humour and heart are prominent amid the breathtaking action.
[Abrams'] plot mirrors that of A New Hope, but deliberately so: it will charm old fans, win many new ones, and make everyone an awful lot of money.
It's loud and full of vim -- but a little hollow and heartless.
The Force Awakens is, truly, a stunning exercise in large-scale filmmaking; a beautifully-assembled picture in which Abrams combines a magnificent cast with a marvelous flair for big-screen, sci-fi storytelling.
Great in the awe-inspiring, tear-provoking way that only films built on generations of dreams can be great... It taps not into what the original films were, but what they meant to audiences, how they made us feel.
The film has an excellent rhythm that gives you but a few minutes to recover from all the action before plunging you right into another battle. [Full Review in Spanish]
The film is action packed but driven by the story which is about the people, and specifically family issues which we can all relate to.
It's thrilling, fantastical and feels like Star Wars.
The Force Awakens is more of a bridge than a completely new era, but it successfully lets audience live again in a galaxy far, far away.
If what's contained is ultimately the planting of seeds that will continue growing two, four, or forty years down the line, I suspect this franchise is in its best-ever state.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens dazzles audiences with a surface of nostalgic fun made shiny new-but beneath that mask, if you care to notice it, lurks an abyss of futility.
The spectacular 'Star Wars: The Force Awakens' provides a new hope for future generations of moviegoers.
A spectacular film that will keep the franchise going for many years to come. [Full review in Spanish]
Abrams understands that a great Star Wars movie is not only about the whiz-bang external stuff, but also about the soul in its classic riff on the eternal struggle between the sides of light and dark (good vs evil).
Technically a reboot from the original 1977 film, J. J. Abrams breathes live back into the franchise, pleasing old fans and creating legions of new ones. I felt like I was 12 years-old again!
It relaunched the franchise in a real majestic way, mixing new characters with the familiar faces of the original trilogy. [Full review in Spanish]
It has all the spirit of the original saga while also introducing new characters for a new generation. It will make you feel like a kid again. [Full review in Spanish]
[VIDEO ESSAY] This latest installment of fandom's favorite mongrel pet is a poorly paced MacGuffin-chase plot, ginned up with groan-inducing spoonful doses of pro-war imagery and its attendant rudimentary vocabulary.
Bravo! Ford ignites the movie! He's the star and jumps right back into the iconic role. Disney brought a princess but it was a bait and switch. They got General Great-Greatma instead.
As a one-off, the movie might seem like a little miracle - a fresh take on nostalgia not too different in tone from last year's delightful Turbo Kid. But stretched out... a hard crust of cynicism is apparent just beneath the sugar-dusted surface.
as long as the viewer does not need to contend with Jar-Jar Binks or a pod race, any Star Wars film delivers more than a ticket's worth of entertainment.
It is easy to assume that Lucas sold the franchise to the Xerox Corporation - because the new film is nothing more than a weak photocopy of the 1977 classic and its 1980 follow-up.
A canny crowd-pleaser of reversals, replays and reveals.
Despite the copious servings of tragic threats and good feelings, the production sinks under the weight of its emotional calculation.
Yes, the Force really awakens
The creative team is to be commended for a franchise resurrection that catches the spirit of what knocked the socks off a prior generation of galactic film fans. Epic entertainment. Epic movie event.
It all comes together nicely as the actors breathe vulnerability, fallibility and personality into their roles, with Daisy Ridley being quite the commanding presence. My favourite, hands down, is the cute and rotund droid BB-8.
It's precisely what you expect. Nothing more. Nothing less. And there isn't anything wrong with that.
The Force Awakens is an exciting, nostalgic, powerful and moving film, that is capable of generating accelerated heartbeats and knots in the throat. [Full review in Spanish]
Star Wars returns to be fun again on the big screen. [Full review in Spanish]
While Star Wars: The Force Awakens gets temporarily bogged down taking us back to the world that we left in 1983, it introduces us to the new and exciting torch-bearers of the franchise.
At the end The Force Awakens looks more like a nostalgic film that will work as a transition to the new Star Wars' age. [Full Review in Spanish]
This film is a well-planned product that balances nostalgia with the capacity to attract new generations into the Star Wars universe. [Full Review in Spanish]
The ingenous script makes the audience get hooked trying to guess the film's next move, only to be surprised when the unexpected occurs. [Full review in Spanish]
The Force Awakens is as good as it is bad; fluent as it lacks in emotion; affecting like the original trilogy as much as it is disrespectful with those who seek something new. [Full review in Spanish]
It's enjoyable in the moment but leaves us little to chew on, to dream on.
A thrilling outer space epic breathing new life into a once flagging franchise!
This was not a movie made under the weight of calculated strategy; it was given life by those who took immense pride in their association, and sought to enhance an established legacy with grand enthusiasm.
It's like [Abrams] put Episodes IV, V, and VI in a blender. It's an act of love, no doubt about it. ... [But it] lacks any image of its own that is truly iconic.
There's no end in sight. The force has awakened.
J.J. Abrams and his crew have restored the shine to our beloved story.The Force is awakened, indeed.
...the tendency for the narrative to repeat the beats of A New Hope, though perfectly logical in a saga founded upon the constancy of the hero's journey, comes off as pandering fan-fiction.
This is very similar to the first Star Wars film, but it isn't as family friendly. Hope and optimism are lacking in this reboot. What it lacks in optimism, it makes up for with hype, having been promoted along with every product known to man.
...secret threads on social media are already picking their nits and debating theories; it's going to be a tough wait to see what happens next.
Springs to life around a terrific new star.
What Abrams delivers here is still a pretty good start to this new trilogy, but you can't help but think how great it might have been if they had done their own thing and given us something new.
Abrams plays it safe, but it's a good kind of safe, because, for the first time in ages, the Star Wars saga has personable leads.
It does exactly what it needs to be a crowd-pleaser in that regard. But whether it breaks any new ground ... not so much.
I didn't mind the many nods to the original two movies -- at least they nick story points from the right ones.
Another Death Star-like super weapon?! When will the Empire learn to quit designing them with weak spots where a few well aimed strikes can destroy the entire thing!
The Force Awakens begins another epic chapter in the Star Wars saga in the best possible way.
The new movie, as an act of pure storytelling, streams by with fluency and zip.
J.J. Abrams keeps the plot moving at a brisk pace that keeps the viewer from overthinking it until after the credits roll, but not so brisk that we can't relax and enjoy the ride. And what a ride it is.
It's a well-acted, fun, and zippy time at the movies.
It's beautiful to look at, brilliantly acted, breathlessly exciting, frequently amusing, yet capable of delivering some emotional gut-punches that take it into the dark territory inhabited by The Empire Strikes Back.
The Force is still here.
It's not just a great piece of science fiction, or a great piece of cinema: it's a new hope.
This film is a particularly chilling portrait of the relationship between father and son. [Full Review in Spanish]
I'd be inclined to give it a honorable third spot, way, ways behind episodes IV and V, and just about the same place as Return of the Jedi. [Full Review in Spanish]
The film is basically a "greatest hits" compilation of episodes IV and V, and little else. [Full Review in Spanish]
The light saber is drawn, the battle stance is set, and the Force is most definitely strong with this one.
A sweeping return to form for the film series, one that is absolutely excellent and will hopefully open the door for more exciting conflicts.
... a complete fan-service that combines the exciting storytelling and use of practical effects from the original trilogy with the crisp, vibrant color palette and clean computer graphics of the prequels.
Appealing both to a new generation of viewers and fans of the series since the beginning, this 30-years-later sequel to 1983's Return of the Jedi is a thrilling adventure.
The force is strong in this spirited sequel. This is the movie that "Star Wars" fans have been waiting decades for.
That's what's so impressive about the tricky balancing act Abrams has pulled off with The Force Awakens: He's made a movie that's simultaneously gripping and a huge release. We are in good hands, at last.
The Force is with filmmaker J.J. Abrams, who makes sure this Star Wars adventure contains thrilling action scenes, exciting special effects, and colorful characters.
A money grab in which wunderkind J.J. Abrams choses to go where George Lucas has gone before by basically repeating plot points, even lines, from the original trilogy.
I found myself listening to a chorus of spontaneous gasps, cheers, laughs, whoops and even occasional cries of anguish. What's really surprising is that many of them were coming from me.
And just like that, the scars of 16 years and lesser trilogies were magically washed away. We've seen much of what's onscreen before, but Abrams brings a fresh energy to pacing and performances that reminds us of the joy of watching Star Wars films
dishes out familiarity without apology and arranges it in such a way that, even as we recognize the patterns and beats, it feels fresh and invigorating and, lest we forget what's really at stake here, fun
J.J. Abrams has, for the most part, taken the safe road, not re-inventing the wheel, but building a solid, respectful and, at times, darn entertaining reboot.
With The Force Awakens, Abrams has begun one of the most important reclamation projects of our time: the complete erasure from cultural memory of The Phantom Menace and its sequels.
It's enough to make a grown fan cry.
Brandishing both a wand and a wink at audiences, and split somewhere between colossal and cartoonish. And no, I am not now nor have I ever been a Star Wars junkie. Akin to an atheist at the church podium. And likely my fate: Let the haters be with you.
An exciting winner for fans and box office
J.J. Abrams' thrilling sci-fi adventure marks a rebirth in exciting galactic entertainment.
It's loaded with nostalgia
The film knows it's dealing with iconic elements of pop culture, recognizes them as such and shows enormous joy while using them. [Full review in Portuguese.]
Does not disappoint.
As far as I'm concerned, "Star Wars: The Force Awakens" is the best film of the year.
Complete with the great John Williams score, dazzling special effects, lots of good humor -- and of course, the creatures, it's a real crowd pleaser.
I'll cut to the chase: yes, it lives up to the hype. J.J. Abrams has created a film that stays true to the original series while updating it for a new generation.
Three or four moments of astonishing beauty and three or four more that will make you want to cheer. (Fox 29 Philly)
I don't think I've ever been so completely satisfied with a film. Considering the insane amount of build up and the wild expectations I had, it's almost miraculous that a film could live up.
The movie delivers in every conceivable way, on every imaginable level. Star Wars: The Force Awakens is a PhD. level course in Getting It Exactly Right.
As a stand-alone movie, it's enjoyable but not extraordinary. As a continuation of a franchise, it needs a "Warning: Under Construction" sign.
The rule here is being pleasant, not bold. That is, pleasant to the owners, the empire, the one that paid a ton of money for this cow and it's willing to milk it until there's nothing but dry bones. [Full Review in Spanish]
Obviously, it helps to know the old characters, but Han, Luke and the rest are cultural legends that even the young new fans will know about them.
Maybe the new sequels and spin-offs can be more adventurous, but The Force Awakens had me smiling, reminiscing, and critiquing all at the same time: It hits all the marks, without any real surprises.
'The Force Awakens,' written by Abrams, Lawrence Kasdan and Michael Arndt, offers enough salutes and nods to the original trilogy to please those fans, while introducing interesting and likable characters that will entice new followers to the series.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens is just what the fans have been hoping and dreaming about for a long, long time.
Epic Star Wars sequel delivers great performances, action.
This is why I love Star Wars. This is why I love movies.
After George Lucas put is to sleep with episodes I, II and III, the Force is definitely awake. The most fun I've had in a theater this year.
So go out, get your ticket and join in all the hullabaloo; confident this time you won't get Jar-Jar-ed.
The familiarity feels good, feels comfortable - "Chewie, we're home," as Han Solo says. But it also hems in the new film's ability to really be its own thing.
Abrams nails the feeling of (re)visiting a rusted-out, slightly sarcastic fairy tale. Still, a few hours after the credits it's all evaporating and I'm struggling to recall a remotely original or inventive moment in the entire damn thing.
Ultimately, Star Wars: The Force Awakens wins us over because it is about hope.
Daisy Ridley, who crosses effortlessly into stardom here, has a face of the sort that cinematographers so often seek in vain.
Chewy, I'm home.
There are no midichlorians. There are no fart jokes. No sequences that blatantly scream "I AM A VIDEO GAME CONCEPT!" No Gunguns. And it's all wonderful.
There are echoes of the past in each of these characters, but they resonate in new ways.
It's a huge amount of fun, although whether the self-referential nature and the did-we-surprise-you-there style of plot reveals stand the test of time remains to be seen.
[The Force Awakens] rarely stops moving, yet its action never seems excessive. That's because combatants and targets always remain clear instead of fuzzed up by the hyper-speed visuals hack action directors use.
This movie stands proudly as an example of the magic that once was routine in movie theaters. It makes kids of us again and allows us to discover that going to the movies can indeed still be a special event.
A film that fans of the old movies will relish but one that looks bound to capture the imagination of a new audience, too.
There are no glaring missteps in The Force Awakens, and on such a stage this kind of performance might even pass for greatness -- for a little while.
All points converge for a dramatic, emotionally charged finale, and a lightsaber duel up there with the best of the first trilogy. These fights work best as an extension of the story, not over-choreographed showcases for stunt workers.
'Star Wars: The Force Awakens' easily lives up to its mammoth hype, but it's not flawless, nor a better film than the original trilogy. It is a non-stop action film with a shotgun pace, like plugging the cotton candy machine directly into your face.
I bet you'll have fun - I did, mostly. But it's the fun of seeing something fairly successfully redone, with the promise of more of the same to come.
It's everything the kid in us goes to the movies for -- marvelous adventure that leaves us surprised, scared and euphoric.
Abrams has taken the staff (or lightsaber if you will) and has reshaped the destiny of this saga in the right direction. [Full review in Spanish]
This episode brings warmth back to a franchise more frozen than a dead Tauntaun. Let's hope the second and third movies continue the thaw.
From old joys to fresh twists, this is a unique blockbuster experience that celebrates the franchise whilst also expanding it.
The action scenes are excellent, the special effects are superb and there's good doses of humor, suspense and drama all along the way.
[W]e can sense the film establishing itself as the backbone for a new narrative cycle. It's a promising start.
Abrams and his fellow writers have gone deep to get back to what Star Wars was and promised to be. Force seeds it well with nostalgia, blood ties and galactic prospects for the next chapters.
AS a critic, this is a good movie. As a fan, I'm devastated. [Full review in Spanish]
Abrams and company know exactly where your emotional hanging curve balls are, and they hit every one of them out of the park.
J.J. Abrams delivers a love letter to the Star Wars universe, one made not only as a hardcore fan, but as a filmmaker who studied the source material thoroughly. [Full Review in Spanish]
The saga returns with more energy than before, with known and new characters that revitalize this cinematic universe. [Full review in Spanish]
Makes you remember the brilliance of 'A New Hope' and 'The Empire Strikes Back', but also makes you curious for what may come with Episodes VIII and IX. [Full review in Spanish]
JJ Abrams bring the franchise back to life with a perfect mix of nostalgia and innovation. [Full review in Spanish]
A thrilling ride from start to finish. [Full review in Spanish]
Relative unknowns Daisy Ridley, a legitimate star in the making, and John Boyega sort of pick up where the likes of Leia and Han left off.
It's amalgam of old and new, a thrill ride that satisfies in its own right as well as in assuaging the fears of fans.
"Force" brings fun back to "Star Wars."
The dialogue is punchy. The actors are engaged and human. The action sequences and special effects complement the plot rather than make up for it. The story rockets along.
A worthy successor.
[J.J. Abrams'] ability to absorb other creators' styles makes him perfect for carrying on a series like this.
But the movie can't sustain its playfulness-or its tension, either. Abrams is too busy trying to roll the original Star Wars and The Empire Strikes Back into one two-hour-and-15-minute movie.
Some with no memory of being swept away almost forty years ago will follow strong new heroes and villains. For those old enough now and young enough then to have childhoods consumed by this stuff, it's a satisfying new turn in a near life-long tale.
The fun of The Force Awakens comes from visiting an old friend and finding that little has changed; the excitement is that great performances from all four new leads means it's a strong foundation for whatever comes next.
It's nostalgia-baiting as heck, but also quite forward-looking. While it's an exciting first chapter, perhaps the most thrilling thing about The Force Awakens is what will follow.
It is a rip-roaring, swashbuckling jaunt through galactic space which will leave you reeling.
There is, of course, CGI in The Force Awakens, but it's comparatively minimal. The film looks handmade, and this allows for a greater range of human emotion, too. When tragedy strikes, you feel it.
Finally, I'm able to watch a new chapter of the Star Wars saga and actually look forward to the next film. And man, that's nice.
The story is compelling. The acting is great. The technical aspects are solid. But it's hard to escape the idea that the film is a remix of something else, an attempt to rework story elements that felt more original elsewhere.
As with other installments, this is less a movie than an exercise in massaging a juvenile-minded audience that wants the experience to be new and familiar at the same time.
As a nostalgia trip that knows exactly what die-hard Star Wars fans want and then layers in some memorable new characters, The Force Awakens is exactly what it needs to be: an old-school Saturday afternoon sci-fi matinee writ big.
Abrams and company have brought Star Wars home again by reigniting the soul, spirit and sense of wonder of the three original films.
Like their Star Wars forebears, Boyega's Finn and Ridley's Rey are brave, funny, and admirable but also imperfect, uncertain, and sometimes afraid. That is to say, they're genuine, multisided characters with believable motivations.
Of the canonical films, it's the first in which the humans actually behave and talk like recognizable people.
The most wildly anticipated and furiously hyped movie of the millennium is finally here and the collective exhalation of relief can be heard around the globe if not the galaxy. Fans can rest easy. JJ Abrams' Star Wars reboot is a triumph.
Charts a path to a future that refuses to get mired in nostalgia. Yet all the Star Wars notes are here, remixed into a glorious new arrangement.
Episode 7 of "Stars Wars" is an enjoyable retread, full of great new young actors and returning favorites.
The Force Awakens reboots the franchise right ... so why does it feel like a 'Star Wars' remake more than a sequel?
The best disappointing movie ever.
If we can't have an original story, in the purest sense, or even original characters, we're asked to be content with a Star Wars film that's aesthetically rich, lovingly made and true to the meat and potatoes storytelling fundamentals of old.
A rollicking adventure that brings back pure escapism, epic visuals, and boldly designed heroes and villains, making the return to a long time ago in a galaxy far, far away all the more satisfying.
A near perfect Star Wars film that regular fans and fanatics alike have been waiting for, but it suffers by slavishly sticking to the tropes from the original and doesn't strive to go off script.
It may be the youngest, but it acts like a middle child-it's the Jan Brady of Star Wars. It's at odds with franchise siblings for attention but there is a deep love for the material; there's charm to the mimicry.
Even before Han and Chewie appear - and what a wonderful reveal it is - The Force Awakens is undeniably a Star Wars movie.
Content merely to continue the story...It answers the question "Where are they now?" but has no new thoughts or insights regarding the stories we know.
The Force Awakens is thrilling and fun, but fans of A New Hope might have more than a hint of déjà vu.
John Boyega's Finn - the reformed Stormtrooper with a heart of gold - whoops in delight throughout J.J. Abrams' Star Wars: The Force Awakens. Who could blame him?
Well, was it worth the wait and the anticipation? In my book, yes
The old and the new are seamlessly interwoven in this swashbuckling intergalactic adventure that satisfies on every level with its superb storytelling, endearing characters, splashy visual effects and a masterful score
A swift, entertaining, and comfortable "Star Wars" movie, one that will feel familiar to fans of the original trilogy.
an action-adventure film for the ages. And, bonus, not an annoying Ewok in sight.
Dramatically, the film does pull some great aces from up its sleeve...The film also proves what a lot of Star Wars fans have long suspected - that the best thing that could happen to Star Wars would be to take George Lucas out of it.
New planets and old faces, original characters and veterans to guide them - this is a franchise reborn, not reinvented.
incredibly fresh and a whole lot of fun
The prequels don't stand a chance - this is as good as fans could have hoped for and better than we deserve.
J.J. Abrams' homage to the first Star Wars film - the one that took our collective breath away, the one that defined our childhoods - takes "fan service" to new heights, which is not necessarily a bad thing.
'Star Wars' comes full circle... the cherished familiar interlaced with hints of more to come...
Just as he did so successfully with the Mission Impossible and Star Trek brands, Abram's has breathed new life into Star Wars; why it should then feel lacking in a strong pulse at times is worth pondering.
All you really want to know is whether it's good, right? Well, in fact, it is better than it had to be.
The best, most thrilling Star Wars movie to date...
With its breakneck pacing; intelligent and measured reverence for the original films; punchy action sequences; and ambitious plotting, Star Wars: The Force Awakens is a near perfect continuation of the most beloved movie franchise of all time.
The long wait is over, and the news is good: The Force Awakens heralds the new dawn you hoped for.
A good piece of adventure cinema that never feels like it had a chance of being a great piece of adventure cinema.
It's not just a comment on Disney's inescapable marketing barrage, but a sincerely intended complement that the fresh-faced heroes and antiheroes The Force Awakens introduces feels like future friends you've heard a lot about but are only just meeting.
Star Wars 7: The Force Awakens is a welcome comeback for the franchise, and fan love will be enough to propel most viewers past its flaws.
Unquestionably the best Star Wars movie we've seen in 30 years, and an undeniably entertaining ride - but one certainly not without a collection of narrative flaws.
Story and spectacle are what count, and Abrams delivers the latter with deftly realised reprises of favorite scenes and thrilling set piece.
I don't want you skimming paragraphs trying to find the sentence where I say it's good, so here it is. Star Wars: The Force Awakens is a spectacularly good movie.
A fast-paced, good-spirited, thoroughly approachable action movie that grabs and keeps your attention from first frame to last
Though the plot is overly familiar, Abrams hits all the right beats and leaves us hungry for the next chapter.
The first thing I thought as the credits rolled was that I can't wait to see it again.
Out of this world.
It exists less as a meaningful extension of its world than as a fan-service deployment device.
When The Force Awakens gets going, you couldn't ask for a more propulsive, joyous or witty Star Wars film
Kids and adults alike are going to eat this thing up and come back for seconds and thirds, probably in the same weekend, if they can score tickets.
It's a relief to see a big, splashy movie that actually maintains a sense of childlike play.
Make no mistake: the new film delivers. It is in no way disappointing, except in its conformity.
Abrams is a hyper-competent entertainer, and a fan, with an astute understanding of what made the original trilogy appealing.
Even if this adventure spans the galaxy, Ford's presence tends to bring things down to earth.
Abrams is also too susceptible to the solemn self-mythologising that always threatened to spoil the fun of any Star Wars film. He hasn't made a terrible picture -- just a safe one, where the farthest reaches of fantasy feel merely routine.
What [Abrams has] done is to remake Star Wars: A New Hope; tweaking it for the passage of time; improving on the acting, the effects, and the dialogue; and tossing in some bits from its sequels.
We get to spend a lot of fun and/or dramatic time with Ford's Solo, while Ridley's Rey and Boyega's Finn give us a pair of dynamic new heroes to follow in future Star Wars Episodes.
Anyone who enjoys the other movies, particularly Episodes 4 through 6, should be perfectly satisfied with the direction of the franchise.
An incredible science-fiction and adventure film. [Full review in Spanish]
You feel the tragedy, your jaw will hurt from the excitement, you will be on the edge of your seat trying to guess what happens next. [Full review in Spanish]
Somewhere along the way, Abrams begins delivering everything we expect, as opposed to those nebulous wonders we didn't know we wanted.
This mediatic circus has entertained me moderately, wishing the film would be a little shorter. What can I say? Not really my cup of tea. [Full review in Spanish]
The Force Awakens is a glorious reminder of why this is one of the most beloved sagas of all time. [Full review in Spanish]
Strives to unite old and new generations of Star Wars fans and mostly succeeds.
"Star Wars: The Force Awakens" is simple and highly entertaining, a rollicking adventure that avoids anything about trade federations or blockades.
The Force Awakens is half reboot, half remake, and all fun.
J.J. Abrams and team brilliantly merge the old and the new into a Star Wars that soars on every level. Han Solo is back but it is Daisy Ridley's Rey that is the heart of The Force Awakens. She's a keeper.
From the opening crawl to the ending credits, it's the Star Wars movie we waited decades for, and it sets the stage for even bigger, better and bolder adventures to come.
The Force Awakens works quite well considering it is lumbered with an unshakable neurosis throughout.
J.J. Abrams's sleek, feverishly hyped Episode Seven injects the moribund series with humor and humanity, but relies too much on remixed bits from the original trilogy.
Thrilling and knowing in all the right places, it's sure to satisfy fans that have breathlessly awaited its arrival for years. Unfamiliar with Jedi lore? You too will give in to the force of cinematic greatness.
The Force Awakens leans heavily on the original Star Wars, and that's comforting for fans, though one hopes [Episode VIII] will take more risks.
It's a brilliant next step in the saga, and it leaves you wanting more... which is exactly what it needed to do.
The nostalgic callbacks are so insistent that they can stop the narrative dead, like when some real drama is about to go down but everything pauses so we can have a meet-cute with C-3PO. Even the main villain comes off as some emo Darth Vader fanboy.
It's a solid space opera spectacle with enough nostalgia to overpower even the most hard-hearted child of the '70s and '80s but it relies a little too much on recycling old plot elements.
There's plenty to enjoy here, whether you're a casual fan or someone who was blown away a long time ago, in a theater far, far away. (Full Content Review for Parents -- Violence, Profanity, etc. - Also Available)
Personally enjoyed the hell out of it; critically, I felt, OK, this is a really good start and a step in the right direction with room for improvement.
For the first hour or so of The Force Awakens, director J. J. Abrams gives you everything you hoped for, and even exceeds your expectations.
To millions of moviegoers, the force is with us once again, and that is good.
With the care of a true fan, Abrams melds the old with the new, bringing in fresh elements while reintroducing the characters and themes fans have loved for nearly four decades.
Exhilarating, if highly derivative...an enjoyable throwback that is largely content to replicate its models rather than taking the narrative in any significantly new direction.
Director J.J. Abrams is like a kid trying to cram in as much playtime as possible before bed. His enthusiasm is infectious, almost overwhelming.
Star Wars has returned to us again, and it brings us a wonderful gift: a brand new chapter, mixing old and new elements, original and new cast, in [an] amazing picture.
It is not a little disheartening to see this new 'Star Wars' installment not blazing its own path but rather chasing its tail and rehashing its former glories for our approval.
J.J. Abrams rescusitates the series far more in keeping with the original trilogy than their creator George Lucas did with episodes I-III. The Saturday morning serial feel is back...
A fun if uneven return to a galaxy far, far away.
Its script is ludicrous, riddled with coincidences and a fealty to existing text that a less forgiving person might call lazy. Yet I can't wait to see it again.
The force is strong in this one.
A return to the levity of the original trilogy. Ford is as good with zingers as he is with blasters.
... "Star Wars" feel like "Star Wars" again ...
"Star Wars: The Force Awakens" is the "Star Wars" sequel we have been looking for: a classic adventure that harkens back to the glory days of 1977's "Star Wars" and 1980's "The Empire Strikes Back."
This is a movie you don't want to end, despite a final shot that is one of the greatest in the franchise's storied history. Abrams has righted the ship. The "Star Wars" saga is back, and we are gleefully in it for the long haul.
Delivers an effective mix of nostalgia and new storylines. Disney pulled off a modern-day Christmas miracle keeping the plot almost completely unknown to audiences. My advice is keep it that way.
'Star Wars: The Force Awakens' is exactly the movie you want it to be.
An exhilarating ride, filled with archetypal characters with plausible psychologies, melodramatic confrontations fueled by soaring emotions, and performances that can be described as good, period, rather than "good, for 'Star Wars.'"
It gives us what we want. And what we want is more of the same.
Harrison Ford and Peter Mayhew, playing Han Solo and Chewbacca, are flat out terrific delivering one-liners, slap-stick, and heart, which transcends mere nostalgia.
Star Wars has come roaring and soaring back with a fabulous, bountiful, richly rewarding payoff for anyone who's been waiting, patiently or otherwise.
A Star Wars film by fans and for fans.
Abrams understands viewers don't tune into soap operas for pretty pictures: they watch for story and characters, which explains why the filmmakers pushed so hard to keep plot details under lock and key.
An Episode IV for a new generation is only as good as the reminder to the old of why they fell in love with these movies to begin with.
This is the beginning of something. It's a farewell to the old guard and a welcome to the new. As such it's hard to begrudge the film its plethora of callbacks, repeated plot line and heavy exposition.
Thrilling, exciting and dazzling with a heartbeat underneath. Star Wars: The Force Awakens delivers everything you want in a Star Wars movie. It's worth waiting in line for, and lives up to the hype.
For me, there's nothing to be done during Star Wars films but wait for the occasional bit of comic relief.
A triumphant return to form for the franchise - the best of the films since The Empire Strikes Back...It's also a rousing introduction to new characters who will likely carry this world forward through two more planned episodes and assorted spinoffs.
...baldly trades on its predecessors, but with enough artfulness and genuine affection to count as its own unique experience.
Director JJ Abrams has delivered the Episode 4 fans were looking for in 1999.
What's really surprising too is just how emotional it all is. More than just nostalgia, The Force Awakens earns its tears. Star Wars is back in a big way: as C-3PO might say, thank the maker.
Slick and stylish, the evolution of the world of "Star Wars" is fully realized with sumptuous sets, vigorous and energetic cinematography, and impeccable sound work.
Granted, director J.J. Abrams leans a little heavily on the nostalgia, but given all he had to accomplish in this massive franchise reboot, can you blame him?
Ridley and Boyega make a sizeable impact amidst the cacophonous sound and merchandising fury, capturing the vulnerability and anguish of conflicted characters haunted by murky pasts.
Fans will get goosebumps right from the start as the scrolling summary to bring us up to date - without a single mention of tariffs or bureaucratic squabbles.
Perhaps another director will pick up the elements that Abrams left scattered about, imbue them with some... any kind of subtext, to give us some real poetry.
I enjoyed the seventh Star Wars film more than any since The Empire Strikes Back and much more than - yes, reader, I was there, for this newspaper, reviewing it - the now 38-year-old saga start-up.
If the original created dreams, the latest creates nightmares.
Star Wars: Episode VII -- The Force Awakens marks the Star Warsiest movie since Return of the Jedi, a fun and fantastic blend of old memories and new blood, old enemies and new friends, old actors and really old actors.
[Abrams ] has made an adoring copy of Star Wars, seeking to correct its perceived flaws, without understanding that nothing about that movie's context or meaning or enormous cultural impact can be duplicated.
What Abrams has done is find and return the ingredient crucial to the original three films in the franchise that was sorely lacking in the second round: fun.
Against the odds we've ended up with the first authentic Star Wars film since 1983. Now who'd have seen that coming?
It is a warm and shrewd reminder of what we loved about the films in the first place; if only it wasn't quite so deferential.
This is the film we're looking for. "The Force Awakens" understands what "Star Wars" fans love and delivers it lavishly.
The Force Awakens isn't just one the finest movies of 2015, it's the best movie of the year, full stop.
Not for nothing, but John Williams' score is absolutely perfect as usual, and it makes every one of [the action] scenes come to life all the more.
Go see The Force Awakens with an open mind, and without expectations of the same lightning being captured again in the same bottle. It is, at the end of the day, a movie. And it's a pretty good one.
These young people are a spirited bunch, led by Daisy Ridley and John Boyega, two bright-faced newcomers who lend the proceedings the appropriate sense of grounding and awe.
Even if it isn't the greatest Star Wars film ever, it's almost certainly the most affecting of them all.
At the risk of committing blasphemy, "The Force Awakens" is the best of the seven "Star Wars" -- followed closely, of course, by the 1977 original.
Ford especially earns his money with this one. But as fun as it is to see Han Solo back in action, the newcomers like Ridley take center stage, launching subplots that should be fun to watch in ensuing installments.
The best thing that can be said about The Force Awakens... is that it's classicist in the way of a well-executed neo-soul record, crackling with familiarity without bowing to the altar of history.
The Force Awakens drowns in the shadows cast by the original Star Wars films. Its stunning visuals and breakout performances from the new cast can't save the identity crisis The Force Awakens suffers from.
If you were to make a list of the essential ingredients of a Star Wars film, you would find almost all in J.J. Abrams' wake-up call to this sleeping giant of a franchise.
The Force Awakens has all of the strengths of the original trilogy and none of the weaknesses of the prequels.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens is actually probably objectively the best Star Wars yet, and would be held up as untouchable had it come first.
It is precisely the Star Wars movie that you want it to be. This is the one you were waiting for. You may be waiting just as intently for the next one.
With The Force Awakens, Abrams got to build a whole new universe on a base of returning favorites. No character is stronger, though, than Rey (Daisy Ridley), who is the central player in the new story.
The Force Awakens is just such an exhilarating experience, it's very nearly everything you could want from such a large-scale spectacle.
For all of its humor and charm and thrilling dogfights and genuinely teary moments (I'm not made of stone, people), The Force Awakens revels in its derivative nature, in its open-armed embrace of warm nostalgia.
"The Force Awakens" is satisfying on its own (no half of a "Hunger Games" movie here), but it also sets the stage for these new characters to go off on some great adventures in episodes to come.
The Force is still with us, my friends. 38 years later, it's hard to believe it ever left.
"The Force Awakens" feels like a genuine "Star Wars" movie, with well-executed battle scenes, light comic touches and a warm feel for its characters.
Some may thrill with delighted recognition at the spectacle of yet another primal duel fought over a great void. Others, though, may know that the real test of myth-making lies in an ability not to repeat but to reinvent.
Though a definite improvement on the last three abortive "Star Wars" prequels... "The Force Awakens" is only at its best in fits and starts, its success dependent on who of its mix of franchise veterans and first-timers is on the screen.
If Hollywood's going to extend the most famous movie myth of the past 40 years, "The Force Awakens" seems a worthwhile way to do so.
This, undoubtedly, is the movie that fans wanted, the movie that fans deserve.
[Star Wars: The Force Awakens] returns the iconic sci-fi franchise to a glorious place that hasn't been seen since Ewoks danced off into victory in Return of the Jedi 32 years ago.
The seventh installment in the series, started by George Lucas in 1977, is the best Star Wars sequel yet and one of the best films of 2015.
The Force Awakens pops with memorable battle sequences, gives us chills with encore appearances by stars from the original trilogy and introduces more than a half-dozen terrific Next Generation characters.
When The Force Awakens ends, it feels bittersweet simply because you so badly want to get to the next chapter. So, yes, the wait is over. But now a new waiting game begins...
The Force Awakens has succeeded where it counts most, in creating a cast of characters that viewers can spend the next several years rooting for, especially the spirited, resourceful heroine at its center.
A glib facsimile.
[The film] is a state-of-the-art throwback, both retro and post-modern in its self-awareness. It doesn't just know that it's operating in the long shadow of a classic; it hardwires that understanding into its own DNA, making legacy a prevailing theme.
You WILL like this movie. No, that's not some kind of Jedi mind trick, accompanied by a vague wave of the hand. It's a educated prediction, grounded in -- well, the Force if you must know. And don't tell me the Force doesn't work that way.
Pleasingly, this isn't a film that takes itself too seriously, with the seriously cute BB-8 supplying plenty of humour with his electronic beeps and chirps and no end of playful references to the original trilogy crammed into the 135-minute running time.
Abrams seems content to capture the spirit of the original series and simply remix the rest of it until Star Wars miraculously seems fresh again.
JJ Abrams has perfectly captured the spirit of the original trilogy, with great characters, terrific action set-pieces, and a surprising amount of humour.
Abrams has served the fans and first-timers exceedingly well.
Ridley, Boyega and Isaac make equally charismatic heroes, and Driver is surprisingly effective as the sinister Ren. Star Wars: The Force Awakens is commercial American moviemaking at its best. May the Force be with it.
The formula, more than the Force, was with Abrams. He was wise enough not to mess with it.
Is The Force Awakens equal to the original trilogy? Fans will have to face facts: Such unique magic can never be recreated... The new Star Wars films must create a universe of their own -- and they're off to a promising start.
Abrams may not have taken a lot of risks - perhaps that's for a later film - but with "The Force Awakens" he's fashioned a perfect sequel that knows exactly where it stands in a galactic-sized franchise.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens is no more and no less than the movie that made us love it in the first place. In fact, it's basically the same thing. Isn't that what we all wanted anyway?
The Force Awakens is a triumph of escapism and the most exhilarating film yet in this mighty franchise. It is the magnificent seventh.
Sacrosanct and on steroids ... [but] comes to life here, thanks to the magnetic performances of Ridley and Boyega.
From the very first line of the film's opening crawl, it is apparent that JJ Abrams, Michael Arndt, and Lawrence Kasdan have pushed the series back onto the right track...
The new heroes of The Force Awakens are brightly drawn, occasionally surprising, and an endless pleasure to spend time with.
None of its issues, big or small, prevent it from being the tremendously entertaining return to a galaxy far, far away that we've been waiting so damn long for.
The seventh film in the Star Wars saga... is still just a movie, but it's a fabulously entertaining and beautifully crafted movie nonetheless.
They got the job done with The Force Awakens, and while Abrams pays more homage than he rightfully should, he also introduces the most exciting characters Star Wars has seen since, not going to lie, Lando Calrissian and Lobot.
It has the usual toy-store-ready gizmos and critters, but it also has appealingly imperfect men and women whose blunders and victories, decency and goofiness remind you that a pop mythology like Star Wars needs more than old gods to sustain it.
This is a triumphant reboot of the biggest film franchise of our lifetimes and fully earns its place as the soon-to-be biggest film of all time.
While The Force Awakens belongs to the younger generation, Ford dominates its throwback element like a true, ahem, force of nature.
Perfectly safe and plenty full of the Force... but leans on geek nostalgia to reboot a beloved property by hitting predictably familiar story beats.
Rest assured fans. You won't have to complain how Abrams further ruined your childhood. This is everything we initially loved about the franchise and exceeds expectations.
Just see it. You'll love it.
This film fits into the franchise's much-debated canon, and is the best installment since The Empire Strikes Back, a long time ago in a galaxy far, far away.
Rey and Finn, though, feel fresh and new.
From the iconic opening crawl through the wordless last frames of Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens, director J.J. Abrams steers pop-culture's most beloved sci-fi saga in an exhilarating new direction.
A fun, polished space odyssey that embraces the appeal of the originals.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens is the movie it was promised to be, with great new characters, a respect for the original trilogy and a strong understanding of what makes this franchise click with fans.
It's nice to see Ford, Fisher, and Hamill, but The Force Awakens really belongs to Ridley, Boyega, Isaac, and Driver.
It's slick, it's smart and you feel like you're in safe hands the whole time. JJ Abrams should breathe a massive sigh of relief: he's done it. He's made one of the good ones.
I've searched my heart, and I know it to be true, for me at least: Star Wars: The Force Awakens is my favorite of the franchise. Episode VII" is "Star Wars No. 1.
When the first Star Wars film was released in 1977, nobody had seen anything like it. Almost 40 years on, the trail it blazed is now so well traveled, it's on every intergalactic tourist map.That makes Abrams' feat all the more impressive.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens might just be the best film of the last 30 years or so...
The Force Awakens re-awoke my love of the first movie and turned my inner fanboy into my outer fanboy. There are very few films which leave me facially exhausted after grinning for 135 minutes, but this is one.
Abrams has adopted the relatively cautious strategy of essentially remaking the original "Star Wars," which allows him to delight fans by bringing back the original players while laying down the groundwork of the new ones.
[Star Wars: The Force Awakens] is good. Not great. But far better than "not bad." Solidly, confidently good.
The Star Wars we love is back ... with humor comes heart and it's easy to forgive a couple plot points when a movie has this much heart.
Robustly entertaining while carrying the weight of impossible audience expectations, "Star Wars: The Force Awakens" is a fascinating, often satisfying mixture of rollicking mythmaking and fan service.
It'll make you cower at the site of Kylo Ren's blazing red lightsaber, it'll make you whoop with glee at the roar of Poe Dameron's X-Wing.
For impressive stretches [Abrams] achieves the action-packed buoyancy of the old Saturday morning serials that partly inspired Star Wars in the first place.
The Force Awakens is a Star Wars movie through and through...and a wonderful one
It's an entertaining but ultimately lightweight bridge between the classic movies and Disney's apparently never-ending slate of upcoming feature films.
A remix of the original STAR WARS that is saved by wonderful new iconic characters.
"Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens" is a special kind of blockbuster, wondrous and thrilling and not in the least hampered by cynicism. Don't be surprised, adults, if watching it makes you feel like a kid again.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens pumps new energy and life into a hallowed franchise in a way that both resurrects old pleasures and points in promising new directions.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens is a fun return to form for the series.
The Force Awakens leaves us wanting more, which is exactly what it should do. Impressive Abrams, most impressive.
The Star Wars movie for people who don't like Star Wars. Pure, old-school pleasure.
The Force Awakens steers the franchise back to its popcorn origins. It's not a Bible; it's a bantamweight blast. And that's just as it should be: a good movie, nothing more.
The best new Star Wars film in three decades and one of the most satisfying films of the year.
A remarkable achievement that actually feels like Star Wars again, more so than any film since 1983.
I don't love the film. I don't hate the film. But I was profoundly frustrated by the film because it kept being close to becoming something great.
Masterfully marrying new with nostalgia, this is the one we've been waiting for.
The rollicking, space-opera spirit of George Lucas's original trilogy (you can safely forget the second trio of cynical, tricked-up prequels) emanates from every frame of J.J. Abrams euphoric sequel.
[SPOILER-FREE] Can be dimwittedly obvious and self-plagiarizing, with little of real-world consequence and less that's new to say [but it's still] a fun-filled adventure at the movies...
When 'The Force Awakens' is really cruising, it's a terrific piece of pulp adventure cinema, packed with memorable characters, vicious lightsaber battles, some very smart visual concepts, but its narrative shortcomings can be quite frustrating.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens is some kind of miracle, as it works on every imaginable level.
Will satisfy most and annoy few... a sleek machining of a platonic ideal of a memory of George Lucas' original trilogy, after pleasure seeps into recollection and over generations becomes warm vapor, pop-cult hallucination.
The Force Awakens is meant to honour the past and lead us into a new narrative future. It feels like what people feel a Star Wars film is supposed to feel like. The Force is strong with this one.
Yes, it helps that the core group of original actors has returned, but it's more the energy, humor and simplicity of direction that has been recaptured. It's the overall vibe.
The director, J.J. Abrams, recaptures the pop lightness that made the first Star Wars seem simultaneously eternal and effervescent.
This seventh movie is a humongous piece of cinema -- all that a sequel should be and more: a nostalgic homage to the 1977 original, coupled with intergalactic, warp-speed, panoramic blockbuster action, and a new heroine in the form of Daisy Ridley's Rey.

@highlight

Packed with action and populated by both familiar faces and fresh blood, The Force Awakens successfully recalls the series' former glory while injecting it with renewed energy.