While it's lovely to look at and the likes of Salma Hayek, Vincent Cassel and Shirley Henderson do their valiant best, it's all a bit of a codmedieval tangle.
These are stories that should haunt your dreams; instead, they're weird but temporary diversions.
Tale of Tales is deliciously dark and filled with symbolism.
Even the beautiful imagery, mise en scene and eccentricities couldn't keep me invested in the overall piece.
Tale of Tales emerges as blissfully enjoyable, and its unevenness becomes part of the wildness of the ride.
We're in the world of fairy tales, and one of the pleasures here, for me, was to be reminded how enjoyable it is. Like a good new song from an out-of-fashion rock star, the film rekindles affection for a whole body of work.
Tale of Tales is great eye candy, and the awe-inspiring shots from Puglia's octagonal Castel del Monte and the moss-covered forest of Lazio's Bosco del Sasseto will surely leave you planning your next vacation to the south of Italy.
A series of comparatively pat resolutions and an abrupt conclusion prevent this from emerging as one of the year's best pictures -- even so, there's still much to recommend.
Dark, gory and gruesome, this isn't kids' stuff. As a work of gothic imagination, it's a rare treat.
Well-made and proudly weird, this collection of fairy tales is missing something; it could have been funny, sexy, or thrilling, but instead it's clinical, like spying on bugs under a microscope.
A treat for the eyes, the heart and possibly even the soul.
There are moments of humour and there are obvious lessons but the morals of the stories that presumably attached to the originals are lost.
It is certainly different, right down to the fact that these tales have no real morals. But as a deterrent for would-be princesses it does the job and I was transfixed.
Often momentarily enchanting but lacks rhyme or reason as we wearily move between the three kingdoms and are left with enough loose ends to fill another book.
A timeless portrayal of the bonds of sisterly love, a theme amplified by both the defiance and pathos of Henderson's wonderful performance.
What makes Tale of Talesso compelling... is its core of emotional truth. It isn't magic spells or enchantments that drive each of the tales but recognisably real human feelings.
The adult fairytale is a freakish, hybrid, disturbing creature, mostly forgotten in these days of Disney sanitisation, but Tale of Tales resurrects the genre with surreal humour and gothic horror.
Tale Of Tales is a Felliniesque fantasy drama, distinguished by its lavish production design and very fluid camera work.
Although it doesn't quite know how to round off its triptych of narratives, the film leaves you almost entirely sated, and invigorated by fresh and fantastical vistas too rarely visited by cinema outside the mind of Tim Burton.
At a time when so many European films play it safe and small, Tale of Tales is an improbable folly, with an eccentric grandeur to be cherished.
Like all good fairytales, the message is secondary to the mystery and the feelings of disquiet it so effortlessly stirs.
Matteo Garrone's deliciously saucy, magnificently loopy, exquisitely presented version of three of the stories of Giambattista Basile, the 16th- century Neapolitan writer celebrated for his fantastical fables.
Tale of Tales is an unpatronising fantasy fairytale for adults - managing to avoid becoming twee by being strange, scary and sexy all in one.
The emphasis on female perspectives gives modern resonance to an adaptation that simultaneously has oodles of time for the traditional.
This is fantastically unhinged, veering madly between wonder and horror, gorgeousness and grotesquery.
Garrone recognises the anarchy and delirium in the fairy-tale tradition, and that anarchy and delirium, properly orchestrated, can do us good.
Where the stories are united, though, is in their strangeness and arresting visuals. In that sense, the film certainly has an identity of its own, and those in search of a fairytale oddity will find much to enjoy in Tale of Tales.
We're tickled, we're charmed and we're still wondering what the point was.
A lavish curio that at times tests your patience, but rewards you with its sumptuous design.
A phantasmagoria of magic and wonder, Tale of Tales casts a strange yet seductive spell that audiences will be powerless to resist.
Before falling apart in its final reel, Matteo Garrone's imaginative "Tale of Tales" proves a visually arresting, narratively captivating rendering of the 17th-century works of Italian folklorist Giambattista Basile.
While watching "Tale of Tales," the bizarre and dark (and oft darkly humorous, though not exactly funny ha-ha) holds your attention.
In the end, Tale Of Tales works neither as a fairy-tale movie nor as a critique or investigation of those stories. It'd make a great coffee-table book, though.
It balances otherworldliness and banality, sublimity and grotesquery, wonder and horror.
The movie has some redundant scenes and many passages that are held too long, but these tales do go for baroque, and it's all done with so much old-school verve, you have to get entranced by at least some of it.
[T]he film lulls us into a place with which we're well-acquainted -- memories of bedtime stories and childhood reading. Then it shatters that feeling of safety.
Filth alternates with finery and the attractions are not limited to sea monsters, albino twins, bloody hearts, dragons, ogres, lechers, necromancers and monstrous, steak-eating fleas. It's an eyeful, but not a mind full.
...these dark and adult stories can and should be enjoyed for their lush, baroque imagination tinged with moments of whimsy and horror...
A spectacular viewing experience based on the dark fantasies of 17th-century poet Giambattista Basile.
Set in a world that looks like old Italy but where ogres marry princesses and fleas grow as large as dogs, Tale of Tales is a sprawling fantasy that is too ambitious and imaginative to be sunk by an inability to fully transport viewers.
Garrone creates an intermittently rich sensory experience with help from cinematographer Peter Suschitzky and composer Alexandre Desplat, yet he stumbles in moving the story along.
There have been a glut of fairy tale adaptations, from "Into the Woods," "Maleficient" and "Jack the Giant Slayer" to the network TV shows "Grimm" and "Once Upon a Time," but if you're a fan make room for "Tale of Tales."
Its eventual effect proves to be complex and mesmerizing in its political intentions, which includes not only a feminist agenda but also a critique of oppressive social systems.
More spellbinding than satisfying, but memorable and even haunting all the same.
A film filled with humor and irony mixed with a dose of cruelty and horror that intensifies each tale. [Full review in Spanish]
With a focus on corporeal gore and psychological realism, Tale of Tales attempts to re-Grimmify the fairy tale, rather than fracture or deconstruct it à la the sly Into the Woods or The Princess Bride.
Tale of Tales is the most faithful and creatively rendered fairy tale onscreen to date, bizarrely satisfying and totally worth a patient, focused viewing.
Garrone makes you feel as if you've stepped into a world where fickle gods play crack-the-whip with man's-and woman's-fate.
The director invests his filmmaking with so much bawdy, darkly comic energy that it's all the more perplexing that "Tale of Tales" never quite stirs to life.
Rapturous images on the brink between dream and nightmare.
Garrone has created a world of both rich and ugly textures - visual, narrative and imaginative - that transports, delights and imparts disturbing lessons.
It's never a boring film to look at, but it is often a tiring one.
Garrone's previous films (including 2008's harrowing Gomorrah about the Neapolitan mafia) haven't hinted at the sort of playful, mischievous whimsy found in Tale of Tales.
Tale of Tales is a mixed bag of stories-but the bag itself is made of the finest visual velvet.
Brings not just nudity and ogre maulings back to fairy tale movies, but also death, pitiless and inevitable.
What Garrone & co. have concocted is a Grand Guignol pop-up storybook, full of metaphorical dark woods and morality plays.
For all its bloody and beautiful images, its lack of real substance makes this collection of fables completely forgettable.
The structuring feels arbitrary; the film switches narratives willy-nilly, without resolving a particular note or even aiming to surprise, jar, switch gears.
Matteo Garrone's colorful and kinky exploration of what women want. And what men will do to give it to them.
The film's look is richly conceived, but each tale is plagued by flat characters, clunky plot twists and interminable pacing.
Playing against type and expectation, the film intrigues and, as a bonus, entertains.
A trio of fairytales for adults, Tale of Tales is painterly, theatrical and provocative, although, typical of anthology films, the parts are greater than the whole.
Tale of Tales has the epic scope and fantastic imagination to engender a childlike fascination in all of us.
Like the horrific internal logic of an authentic fairy tale, the film's imperfections are part of what makes it unique.
Dazzling but dawdling eye-candy, nothing more.
It's a vividly crafted picture, with stunning technical achievements and startling turns of plot.
The brisk flourish of Garrone's style is a force for unity. The singer binds the songs.
Eventually, Matteo Garrone's self-consciously patchwork, one-thing-after-another structure wears thin.
Goosed along by Oscar-winner Alexandre Desplat's bold, otherworldly score, Tale of Tales is an elaborate, sometimes beautiful bedtime story that's most determinedly aimed at adults.
Monty Python by way of Tim Burton and The Princess Bride, Italian director Matteo Garrone's first English language feature Tale of Tales is a nutty compendium of outrageous fairy tales unfolding within the constraints of a single unseemly kingdom.
This is a breathtaking film for those who still believe in the power of imagination, who haven't given all of it over to artists who do the work for you.
Mythical beasts might be conquered and women thrown from windows, but something ultimately survives and Garrone's Tale of Tales has images which live on long after the closing credits have run.
A scene of a trained bear entertaining the court with its horn-playing and hula-hoop prowess is typical of the movie's freakish delights.
It is precisely a lack of balance that prevents Tale of Tales from reaching the heights that despite the extreme ambition were well within its reach.
A perfect mix between magic and perversion that gives us few moments of clrity and doesn't focus on the story at hand. [Full review in Spanish]
Suschitzky's world matches the exuberant colors and pageantry of early Hollywood Technicolor adventure flicks with Westerosi carnage.
A beautiful movie in many aspects, aestethically and visually it's perfect. [Full review in Spanish]
A visual spectacle that's creative and exciting. [Full review in Spanish]
Reclaims the fairytale from Disney.
If you thought Into the Woods had a dark underbelly, look away now. Disney this most definitely is not.
With only brief glimpses of a coherent film, Tale of Tales is a flat and overlong misfire.
Matteo Garrone's stunning intertwining trilogy of macabre and peculiar fairy tales is brought to breathtaking life by a precise and painterly hand.
Grimm-like, grim and gorgeous, Tale of Tales is a fine reminder that fairy tales weren't always only, you know, for kids.
The sheer, obstinate oddness of 'Tale of Tales' sends crowd-pleasers like 'Game of Thrones' and 'The Hobbit' scuttling into the shadows.
The film's contemporary relevance almost trumps its visual splendor.
Individual moments crackle, but the project in no way comes together.
The result is a visually stunning movie, melding three separate stories into one.
Flat and feeble
The prime joy of this movie is its episodic dedication to surprise, where it develops its own inimitable internal logic within the first few scenes, yet keeps on raising the wacky bar as the runtime canters on.
These are some of the nastiest, least-improving fairytales ever concocted, warning that every dream brings with it a nightmare.
[CANNES 2015] Muddled yet delightfully grotesque, ribald, and opulent "Tale of Tales" breathes with the cinematic madness of Ken Russell.
Tale of Tales dances on a razor's edge between funny and unnerving, with sequences of shadow-spun horror rubbing up against moments of searing baroque beauty. The result is a fabulously sexy, defiantly unfashionable readymade cult item.
It is enchanting in parts but falls far short of becoming their sum.
Dark, yet there are plenty of comic moments, usually thanks to Cassel, revelling in his umpteenth sexual deviant role.
It is gloriously mad, rigorously imagined, visually wonderful: erotic, hilarious and internally consistent.
Tale of Tales combines the wildly imaginative world of kings, queens and ogres with the kind of lush production values Italian cinema was once famous for.
Taken together, the parables serve primarily to entertain - an effect that has as much to do with Garrone's command of the cinematic language as it does the content itself.
Brave to the point of madness, Italian auteur Matteo Garrone's most visually and aurally ravishing film to date gives flesh and blood - and plenty of both - to three Neapolitan fables from a collection by 17th-century author Giambattista Basile.

@highlight

Visually splendid and narratively satisfying, Tale of Tales packs an off-kilter wallop for mature viewers in search of something different.