Catching Fire is the rare film that's better than the original book.
Catching Fire is a rare youth-targeted film that dares to ask some serious and uncomfortable questions.
Even by blockbuster standards, this is some heavily recycled material, and it's pretty long. But it's well done and will spirit away a cold Saturday afternoon nicely.
Spine-chilling cinematography evokes that much required eerie feeling throughout. Dramatic costumes are another highlight. The film makes our hopelessness pit against our own indomitable spirit of survival. Who wins?
Catching Fire is a big improvement on The Hunger Games and left me more enthusiastic about the franchise than the first installment did.
The first film in the series wasn't horrid, but the second outing takes a swan dive into dreck lake.
The Hunger Games: Catching Fire is about passion: the passion of love, the passion of power, and the passion of oppressed humanity that lives on hope.
The strength of Katniss Everdeen as a character is what makes The Hunger Games: Catching Fire so compelling.
The Hunger Games: Catching Fire is much of the same: lots of standing around and talking without much in the way of flair or excitement.
Every returning detail of The Hunger Games is expanded and expounded in Catching Fire, and there is an unusual layering of the film's ambitions.
Vivid, visceral filmmaking, twisty and entertaining, with startlingly good turns by Jennifer Lawrence and Philip Seymour Hoffman.
Just as good a film as its predecessor, and a must-see chapter in this terrific and terrifying story.
The movies (gratefully) violently counteract any attempt we might make to see them as fun escapism.
Whereas "The Hunger Games" made for some interesting political commentary, "Catching Fire" is content to rest on its laurels, adding nothing to the conversation.
Once skeptical, I'm now hooked.
There are plenty of characters and plenty of action to go around, yet thanks to its strong sense of suspense, Catching Fire doesn't feel as long as its near-two-and-a-half-hour running time might suggest.
A rousing, gritty spectacle of a movie.
Expertly executed without a dull stretch, despite an elongated running time, the second instalment based on Suzanne Collins's bestselling dystopian fantasy trilogy is a top-flight escapist adventure.
I'd love to report that this adds up to a great movie. It doesn't, but it does add up to a sequel that's a good deal more satisfying than its predecessor.
What a difference a director makes.
While Catching Fire could easily stand on its own, it also should make audiences hungry for the next installment.
Not only surpasses its original but also brings with it the undeniable sense that yes, finally, all the maddening chaos and underlying pathos of this deeply political story has finally revealed an important subtext.
Though overlong at 146 minutes, Catching Fire retains the original's curiously-engaging mix of The Running Man, Spartacus, Ben Hur, Avatar and Rambo.
Lawrence is the rare female action-movie lead who carries on the fierce tradition of Sigourney Weaver in the Alien franchise -- easily the best and most enduring "special effect" this movie juggernaut has to offer eager audiences.
There's no Disneyfication; Catching Fire has a distinct look and sustained dark, gritty mood.
It's an exciting watch and even slicker than the first film.
There's a depressing irony to the fact that The Hunger Games, a book series about the media's ability to placate the masses with superficial distractions, is now a mainstream film franchise that has spawned its own cult of celebrity.
As long as fully formed products like Catching Fire keep coming, the odds will be in The Hunger Games' favor to continue being celebrated as the definitive popular moral tale of the early 2000s.
By far the film's greatest asset is Jennifer Lawrence, who again brings absolute emotional conviction to her haunted and conflicted heroine.
More (and better) Hunger Games
Lighter on action and futuristic visuals, Catching Fire is superior to the first film by virtue of notable performances and more compelling storyline. If the quality of the filmmaking continues into Mockingjay, I'll be thrilled to see how it ends.
Gary Ross did the hype justice by kicking off the series with a highly effective adaptation and now Francis Lawrence builds upon that success by taking the budget boost and funneling it into top talent, stunning visuals and an all-consuming experience.
As a long-time leftist, I expected something like "Norma Rae". It was much more Harry Potter or Twilight.
It is heartening to find a teen-oriented movie franchise as gritty as The Hunger Games. Even so, Catching Fire remains contradictory, caught in some nether world between nightmarish political allegory and adolescent escapism.
Sharp as a flaming arrow and as explosive as when one hits a powderkeg, The Hunger Games: Catching Fire is the rousing, thought-provoking action epic the first movie failed to be.
The Games sequences, while familiar from the first film, push the story towards a thrilling cliffhanger climax.
The movie is a solid example of "the book on film" in spirit, and Lawrence is brilliant in a performance far beyond blockbuster-level acting.
The screenplay is terrific, with welcome shafts of wit.
Self-knowing, cynical, and urgently melodramatic, the Hunger Games and The Hunger Games indict you for watching it even as it asks you to buy in. And that is the genius of every iteration of the Games no one can ever win.
benefits from the impressive acting chops of Jennifer Lawrence, whose intensity and sense of self makes Katniss into a prototypical action heroine who embodies an ideal set of values but still stays psychologically and emotionally grounded.
This is Empire Strikes Back stuff. It has that second Star Wars movie's kick of confidence.
Though flawed, Catching Fire manages something no adaptation since Harry Potter has: It respects its fans enough to challenge them while maturing alongside them.
I went back and saw the first film again fairly quickly after seeing it the first time because I enjoyed it so much. Wouldn't elect to do that with this one.
Catching Fire focuses on the unfair dispensation of bread for the greater chunk of its hefty 146-minute running time, saving the circuses for dessert.
The first two-thirds of Catching Fire is truly compelling. Unfortunately, that last third is something else altogether.
Same old same old biding time for the finale, but still has Lawrence in the lead and for most that is enough.
Conjures a convincingly scary and self-serving future dictatorship that connects it more truly to the 1970s tradition of protest science-fiction cinema ('Rollerball') than to its contemporary competition for teenage hearts and minds (the 'Twilight' saga).
What keeps The Hunger Games: Catching Fire alive and kicking is its transcendent strain of humanity.
You don't need the first weekend's grosses to predict a boxoffice inferno.
I hated the first one, but I really like this second one.
A water-treading sequel that achieves its goal of satiating the fans' bloodlust while whetting their appetite for the franchise's grand finale.
the type of movie you hope no one ever brings up in polite company because you don't want to look like an a******.
"Catching Fire" is more substantial than the first feature because it delves deeper into themes such as loyalty, love, honor, sacrifice and freedom
The least interesting thing about The Hunger Games is the Hunger Games itself. A complete view of society in author Suzanne Collins' weather-beaten world remains tantalizingly out of reach.
Examines the price of being a celebrity, the dangers of idolatry, and how sometimes defiance of the status quo can have a dire outcome.
This is 'The Empire Strikes Back' installment of the franchise.
Events feel a little rushed at times but the strength of the story and its characters make this a series I've become a big fan of.
Full of action, drama and romance, 'The Hunger Games: Catching Fire' is every bit as entertaining as its predecessor. A 'link' movie, to be sure, but strong on its own, "Catching Fire" is certain to continue to do just that at the box office.
I was hoping this sequel to the first Hunger Games film would be better than the first one and it is, so that's good.
You would think the more entertaining part would be the games themselves, but instead it's the slower, more character-driven part of the film that holds the most interest.
the real emotional resonance is due exclusively to Lawrence, who moves through the film with an urgent determination that brings a visceral reality to even the most far-fetched of situations
Highly likely to be the best of all four Hunger Games pictures.
There is no law of diminishing returns here. The Hunger Games: Catching Fire is every bit as potent and gripping as its predecessor and a real triumph of entertainment.
... a sequel that, for once, doesn't coddle its target audience ... Lawrence's quick-draw archer is, if anything, more intense and single-minded, all glowering charisma.
Director Francis Lawrence's film runs nearly two-and-a-half hours but it concludes so abruptly and tantalizingly, it leaves you wanting more.
Talk about starvation! Catching Fire is sadly lacking in visual nutrition.
A little long, but still entertaining, installment in the popular franchise.
Thought it never truly catches fire, this two-and-a-half-hour sequel includes enough virtues to fill an entertaining ninety minutes.
Like Katniss, Lawrence has become bigger than the Games themselves, something that makes her very powerful, very dangerous and rather inspirational.
Unpredictable yet utterly dependable, thrilling yet stoic, Katniss Everdeen is a force of nature on screen, and a role that Jennifer Lawrence appears born to play.
One of the aspects that makes Catching Fire stronger than its predecessor is that it possesses a more palpable sense of danger.
A Welcome Improvement on The Hunger Games.
Long and vanilla.
This Hunger Games feels richer and more detailed than the first.
As was the case with the first film, this sequel catches fire thanks to she who plays the 'Girl on Fire': Jennifer Lawrence.
The budget is nearly twice the original, and it shows. Great work from the A-list cast, amazing set designs and costumes.
The rightist, racist government is opposed on the island by a Blue State coalition of women (young, old, and punk),an African-American geek, and liberated white males.
Cleverly helmed by popular music video director Francis Lawrence.
I'm running out of ways to describe the Capitol. I think this time I came up with "The Great Gatsby on DMT."
Jennifer Lawrence as Katniss Everdeen, the archer enemy of the dystopian society of Panem, shoots so many arrows into your heart that you'd be stupid not to go cupid all over her sass.
Catching Fire is tightly paced with very little filler. No line or character is wasted.
This new creative team doesn't just repeat the previous film or the book... they substantially improve upon both.
There are wannabe Twilight elements that hold the first act of the film back... but things improve greatly once the Hunger Gaming starts.
Although this installment doesn't match the freshness of its predecessor, it offers depth to its characters and themes that supplement its considerable visual flair.
This follow-up to the 2012 hit based on Suzanne Collins' novel, represents commendable storytelling that ought to please the book's many fans
Now the violence is not merely physical, but existential. Far from having won her freedom as promised, Katniss is now imprisoned in a false public narrative-supporter of the Capitol, lover of Peeta-from which she may never escape.
Catching Fire is so much fun and does such a great job mounting the drama of the series' increasingly engrossing story. The film just makes you want more.
'Catching Fire' builds up a head of steam, and at only a few points does it feel like a ridiculous 148 minutes long. And then it just stops.
Far from being a mere holding pattern, Catching Fire feels like an advance and an improvement. Let the games continue.
The Hunger Games: Catching Fire is a much-improved sequel whose only real drawback is that it's a middle chapter - with a somewhat thin payoff.
Catching Fire is unvarnished sci-fi commentary on the present-day declination of our middle and lower social stratum and the moral indifference of the powerful and wealthy to their plight.
Didn't like the original. The sequel, however, does catch fire.
Expands on the best stuff from movie #1 and fixes some things that didn't work so well. That's a good way to make a sequel.
Fans will approve of gripping & violent middle installment.
With a story that ups the stakes and brings in the first signs of an uprising among the oppressed citizens, the intensity level explodes.
Catching Fire delivers on the grim, roiling promises of the original.
Aimed at a generation of kids who are generally perceived as being entitled celebrity wannabes aspiring to their own reality shows, the hero of The Hunger Games is, essentially, a chick who's really good at being famous.
The movie isn't awful, is sure to please no-standard fanatics and won't bore haters like myself.
I'm beginning to believe that the minds behind The Hunger Games franchise are closer in spirit to President Snow and his sinister, heartless showmanship than to Katniss and her bravery and passion.
Jennifer Lawrence is a boon to this franchise. When she faces great and maddening cruelty, we feel the burn too.
A stellar sequel and a crackerjack middle chapter: revisiting what's to love about the original, upping the ante and promising even more to come.
The Hunger Games: Catching Fire is that rare instance when the movie is better than the book, and the second movie is better than the first.
What's wrong with "The Hunger Games" and its sequel, "The Hunger Games: Catching Fire?" Well, I just can't get past the buffoonery.
Though overlong at 146 minutes, Catching Fire retains the original's curiously-engaging mix of The Running Man, Spartacus, Ben Hur, Avatar and Rambo.
If you want a reminder of how well "The Hunger Games: Catching Fire" does what it does, make sure to get to the theater early to see the trailers for all the other young-adult films trying to emulate it.
The Hunger Games: Catching Fire takes the narrative and thematic liberties traditionally granted the middle chapter in a trilogy and drives the stakes up sharply.
At a time when cinematic-action-extravaganzas feature the wanton destruction of cities and digital body-counts that are impossible to calculate, 'Catching Fire' inhabits a world where death and violence have consequence.
Even viewers dragged into it kicking and screaming are unlikely to be bored out of their minds. Well, not entirely.
[A] much more personal film that opts to expand on the lore of Panem and consequences of the predecessor film, while simultaneously upping the stakes in every conceivable way.
The Hunger Games: Catching Fire, anchored by star Lawrence's charmless performance, ultimately comes off as a misguided and hopelessly bloated (two and a half hours!) blockbuster...
The one truly fresh invention-and the one that matters most-is Katniss herself. With each on-screen chapter, the poor girl from District 12 continues to fulfill her destiny as an inspiration and a rebel fighter.
Has far more on its mind than ornate costumes and CGI effects, and this is what finally lifts the movie above its more mundane trappings.
Catching Fire picks up all the potential of its predecessor and runs it in for a triumphant touchdown.
Exciting and engaging escapist entertainment, a spectacular sequel that should satisfy fans of the book as well as the 2012 blockbuster.
It's possible [the film] represents a new form of post-content cinema, wherein the compression of so many plot holes into a single narrative creates the illusion of coherence...watching [it is] akin to having an orbital sander pressed against your brain.
Katniss is a sponge. She sucks up the hopes and dreams of everyone around her. If they made a live action version of me playing COD, it'd be called Camp or Hunger Games.
Given the strength of this installment, I'd say the box-office odds continue to be, in that Hunger Games catchphrase, "ever in its favor."
This second in the Hunger Games trilogy, directed by Francis Lawrence, has many of the virtues and somewhat fewer defects as its predecessor.
The good news is that the new edition is a better crafted film than its predecessor.
While it may not capture the imaginations of those still-uninitiated to the "Hunger Games" phenomenon, "Catching Fire" will at least entertain those looking for an emotional punch with their holiday action experience.
The movements are fluid and intense. The well-paced drama gives way to a tremendous sequences of action, and it's great to see that Francis Lawrence is on-board to direct the next two films.
It's doubtful a viewer will throw his/her hands in the air in exasperation, and in an Effie-like pout, wonder: "Why didn't they stick to the story?"
Though some of the chases and escapes are thrillingly filmed, this last section of the film feels indistinguishable from plenty of other video-game-style avoid-the-obstacle action climaxes.
It ends up being both a retread of the original and an extended setup for the finale, making it doubly unsatisfying.
Catching Fire is a good enough representation of the second book that it won't upset fans. Those who don't know the book will find a film that is a mildly altered version of the first movie in the series.
A new director has brought Catching Fire back from the brink of Twilight-like stupidity
The grand climax, whose elements include a long piece of wire, a lightning bolt, and an electronic force field, is an incoherent, rapid blur that will send the audience scurrying back to the book to find out what's supposed to be going on.
None of it would work -- not the action, the adventure, the political subtext or the humor -- without the strength and beauty that Ms. Lawrence brings to the central role.
Everything that felt clumsy in The Hunger Games has been improved upon here.
Fails to fully develop some intriguing themes...but still passes the audience engagement test thanks to some exciting action and the strength of Lawrence's heroine
Though the romantic triangle provides the story's heart, it's the film's take on media as social control (Stanley Tucci returns as the unctuous TV host), sharp sense of action, and smart peformances that give Catching Fire its soul.
It's no surprise that this second instalment feels like filler; but it does the trick, leading us from the explosive first film to a hopefully momentous last chapter.
The new "The Empire Strikes Back," a smashing sci-fi sequel that takes its blockbuster franchise into deeper, smarter, more dramatically engaging territory.
The ingredients are in place for a potent finale, but "Catching Fire" is watered down.
What's surprising is how tasty the franchise still is.
It's hard to shake the sense of déjà vu as the film's narrative follows the trajectory of The Hunger Games a little too closely...
If there's any doubt that Catching Fire belongs to Jennifer Lawrence, now in full command of this wonderfully wrought, reluctant Amazonian warrior, pay particular attention to the film's final image, a searing portrait of a reborn Katniss.
An even darker, grittier film than 2012's "The Hunger Games," as it builds slowly to its exciting conclusion and deftly sets up the next installment in the series.
Fire maintains such a consistent dystopian vision by other means -- from fine performances to its accomplished production design -- that the stakes of Katniss' increasingly complex journey are evident even when its violence is obscured.
Catching Fire is best in its first hour, when it concentrates on the politics and the specific horrors of Panem. It becomes more conventional in the second half and loses steam, but it's always heading somewhere.
Katniss Everdeen's quandaries and director Francis Lawrence builds suspense through cunning shifts of character in this spiffy second chapter of the trilogy.
The first movie felt a little stiff, as though the director were mechanically turning the pages, but this movie sinks into your skin because Lawrence immerses us in a pool of accepted injustice until we start to itch.
Renewed purpose to this part two, finding Catching Fire skillfully communicating beats of unrest and despair, locating a way to help the ongoing franchise settle in as an energizing story of an underground uprising.
It's largely satisfying as far as screen adventures go, and comes fully loaded with special effects and action scenes, and embellished with the usual brand-name character actors ...
That this latest film leaves us hungering for more only means that it's working.
It's not exactly Eisenstein but we'll take what we can get.
This sequel is a triumph of production design: Philip Messina's settings are so detailed that they convey how the movie's dystopic U.S. functions beyond the story at hand, and Trish Summerville's costume design shows a similar degree of invention.
Lawrence gives the same committed, heart-rending performance, and she's even more saintly than before ...
Nobody involved seems remotely aware of the utter pomposity of the project - a third endless film is now in production.
Same 'Logan's Run' as bad reality TV show as the first one, minus the shaky-cam (I was grateful for that).
Jennifer Lawrence is excellent as always, but the film lacks spark.
Hunger Games got off to a smashing start and hasn't faltered yet. If it keeps up the pace, the finale will be worth the wait.
[Jennifer Lawrence's] skill set is wide: She might be the best on-screen crier in the business, but her Katniss is steely and vulnerable, her sexiness somehow self-deprecating. You absolutely want to follow her into battle.
Undeniably entertaining. Jennifer Lawrence is as good as ever.
You will walk out wanting more after that fantastic climax and final scene.
So well done that it justifies every moment fans have not so patiently awaited the second installment of what has become the most satisfying franchise since 'Harry Potter.'
has greater emotional weight, higher consequences for its characters, its downtrodden masses supporting a Capital whose denizens indulge in hedonism a futuristic reflection of today's great wealth divide in the United States.
Slavish devotion to the text and its legion of fans seems to be a problem; Collins' world is so lacking in invention that there's very little for director Francis Lawrence to do.
Jennifer Lawrence sparkles once again, but this diluted sequel fails to ignite.
The hugely entertaining second instalment in The Hunger Games series is leaner and meaner than the first film, thanks to a strong script, pacey, focussed direction and terrific performances from a superb ensemble cast.
Those with a ravenous appetite for the cruel and the kitsch will find plenty of nourishment in the second instalment of the film adaptation of Suzanne Collins' teen trial literary trilogy.
Things close with a surprising plot twist and a promising cliffhanger, which suggests the secret to the films' success is embedded in the books.
A teenage girl as a hero in-the-making animated by her feisty independent spirit, survival skills, selflessness, and courage.
An improvement in almost every way from its pretty decent predecessor.
As the middle film in a trilogy, albeit a four-film one, The Hunger Games: Catching Fire mostly succeeds where it counts.
Fans of "The Hunger Games" should find "Catching Fire" a superlative advancement of the franchise.
This second installment of the "Hunger Games" trilogy is a significant improvement on the movie that launched the franchise last year.
Book's good. Movie's better. Wait, what?
After 2012's The Hunger Games caught us off-guard with its subtle themes, this sequel more than lives up to the hype, dramatically expanding the scale of the action while letting the actors deepen their characters.
Catching Fire, which builds on the box-office and critical success of last year's Hunger Games, is spectacular in every sense of the word. For extra pow, see it in IMAX.
A competent sequel...The Hunger Games could be fairly accused of being what it satirizes, but it's not without a thought in its deadly little head.
Like its predecessor, it's good but not great. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
Jennifer Lawrence's taut bow and lethal arrows have become the greatest symbols of female empowerment and sexuality in recent movie history.
Catching Fire is not only a superior sequel in terms of form but also in how it helps us reconcile the shortcomings of its predecessor.
Wonderful Performances, Excellent Effects
Sexless and relatively bloodless, The Hunger Games: Catching Fire is about as good a follow-up to the 2012 hit as one could possibly imagine.
In many ways it's a better film. It keeps the strengths of the first film - the brilliant casting, the striking art direction - and does a much better job telling the story.
(The) franchise takes on an invigorated energy, ending on a series of cliffhanger developments that coalesce with clarity.
The stakes have gotten larger and also vastly more interesting, with the title games stretching from the battlefield into the mind.
It's a middle chapter, for sure, but a vigorous and fast-paced one that leaves you hungry for more.
There's no question that Lawrence accounts for the lion's share of the franchise's appeal, and a cliffhanger ending can only help build the frenzy of anticipation for Mockingjay Part I next year. Bring it on.
The Hunger Games: Catching Fire is crowd-pleasing and compelling, most of all because of its fiery, charismatic heroine.
Runs smoothly and efficiently for its first 90 minutes, effectively mixing dark humor, social commentary, and pure story- and character-driven entertainment.
Spinning in that wedding dress, or glaring in wary repose, Lawrence catches fire on screen. She'll make a superb La Pasionaria when Panem has a real war in the Mockingjay films.
"Catching Fire" is a great leap forward for the franchise. Seeing as it's all about hope and what it represents, here's hoping the next two are just as good, if not better.
An effective piece of melodramatic popular entertainment that savvily builds on the foundation established by the first Hunger Games movie.
With its troubling subject matter, Catching Fire makes for a tough balancing act, but Francis Lawrence pulls it off. It's a frequently exciting film, with Hunger Games contestants old and new facing a succession of frightening challenges.
It builds to a cliff-hanging conclusion pulled off with aplomb by Lawrence the director and Lawrence the star. Who needs superpowers when you have this much talent?
Readers of the book should be more than satisfied, and non-devotees will find this a smoother, more affecting ride than its predecessor as well.
Catching Fire is a work of thoughtful, emotionally engaging sci-fi - everything that its predecessor The Hunger Games was not.
Under the assured direction of Francis Lawrence (stepping in for the departing Gary Ross), Catching Fire doesn't just improve upon Collins' book, but the first movie as well.
Catching Fire is more energized than the first Hunger Games movie; it's been directed, by Francis Lawrence, with a darkly sustained verve.
A deeper, smarter, politically sharper, and more emotionally resonant follow-up.
While I get more joy watching my wife geek out on these movies than I do viewing them alone, there's not a lot of overall fault to find here unless you want to get into nerd-level nitpickery
This movie makes you believe in revolution.
Catching Fire burns across the screen with a fierce intent.
"Catching Fire" confidently charges full-on into the flames and the result is spectacular.
The jungle scenes were shot in Hawaii, so at least they all got a paid vacation.
Like too many franchise installments, Catching Fire builds to more of an ellipsis than a period, teasing the next chapter instead of providing closure. But isn't that true of The Empire Strikes Back as well?
The exaggerated world of The Hunger Games... would overwhelm most young actors. But Lawrence (convincingly tormented in this film) has a calm sincerity and steely determinism that cuts through it all.
The double, or even triple, meanings behind Catching Fire -- the subtitle, as if you didn't know, of the second Hunger Games movie -- burns through this exciting, thoughtful adventure drama like a torch to tinder.
Consider Catching Fire an example of successful franchise installment delivery, on time and in sturdy condition.
Sluggish pacing plagues this mid-series installment, but Lawrence's tough performance once again carries the day.
Downplaying the violence itself strips the story of some of its power. You get little sense of the toll that surviving a competition such as this takes on the victor.
Consegue adicionar um intrigante subtexto ao universo habitado por aqueles personagens ao mesmo tempo em que desenvolve as relações entre estes.
Movie escapism made with intelligence, and that doesn't come around often enough. As I sensed this movie ending I wished it wouldn't, and when it did I wanted the next one now. Take that, Bilbo.
In the arena where budding franchises battle to the death, only The Hunger Games still stands, the young, mangled corpses of non-starters such as The Mortal Instruments and The Host slain at its feet.
The Hunger Games: Catching Fire does everything right that the first film did wrong, streamlining the story, focusing on the characters and raising -- and more important, clarifying -- the stakes.
If you're a fan, you can't miss "Catching Fire"!
Lawrence exudes a certain combination of feistiness, confidence and beauty that could not be embodied by any other young actress working today. She is clearly the glue that holds this film franchise together.
Bigger, better and broodier than the first film.
Jennifer Lawrence remains the series' biggest coup. "Catching Fire" asks the actress to add PTSD and romantic stirrings to Katniss' psyche, then cover it with a barely affixed public mask. Lawrence steps up.
The steady action footage alone is enough to make this an improvement over the first installment.
[The actors] put on their best game face, smooching plenty for the cameras... and robotically reading cue cards that emphasize the greatness of the totalitarian nation of Panem.
The Hunger Games: Catching Fire is not only a solid entry in the franchise but stylistically a much better movie than the film that launched the series.
...a well-crafted and superbly acted sci-fi dystopia that resonates with much of what's happening in our current age.
Significantly better than the first movie ... leaving you breathlessly waiting for the next chapter.
One of this year's best and most thought-provoking blockbusters.
Many of the key cast and crew from the smash first installment are back to ensure that this visually thrilling, rapid-fire sequel will match or even surpass the original's near $700 million b.o. take worldwide.
Isn't a bull's-eye, but its arrow never wavers.
It's a quintessential middle film, lacking both substantive setup and a satisfying conclusion-and it's all the better for it, thriving in the tumultuous, incendiary stages of a brewing revolution.
While nothing is more dramatic than the change at the core of this film - Katniss' move from survivor to leader - it's not enough, on its own, to comfortably sustain a two-and-a-half-hour film.
Yes, it's the middle chapter and feels like it, but it's never dull.
Offers its audience many of the elements that made The Hunger Games compelling, but adds to that by deepening the themes and emotional currents and traveling to darker destinations.
In terms of pure story, Catching Fire is what a sequel should be - a development of themes from the first movie instead of mere repetition.
Catching Fire isn't just a worthy sequel that die-hard fans can appreciate, with its complexity and commitment to character it's a superior film and proves why The Hunger Games is the most compelling franchise going today.
The latest installment is an unquestionably tense return to the grim setting of the first movie, with a fair share of slickly devised action sequences, that raises the stakes with the prospects of a greater rebellion.
A chatty, 90 minute fashion show followed by a 50 minute (recycled) action picture.
Darker and even more gripping than Part 1.
Francis Lawrence has crafted a gripping, richly textured sci-fi thriller with reams of underlying dystopian subtext.
The Hunger Games: Catching Fire achieves what every sequel should strive for - a film that surpasses its predecessor in every way.
Fret not, Hunger Games fans. (Hunger-hards? Kat-fancies?) To paraphrase the famous mantra, the odds are ever your favor that you'll be satisfied.
The fans won't mind but the film feels overlong, the emotional curve fails to ignite and the ending is anticlimactic. Jennifer Lawrence is this sequel's greatest asset
Relatively speaking, Catching Fire is terrific. Even nonrelatively, it's pretty damn good.
The sequel lives up to its incendiary subtitle due to the quality of the material and the passion of its performers.
Whatever the flaws, many from the books, this second grittier, more confident round of Hunger Games thrills us into submission.
Quality stuff, an entertaining package. For those that retained their skepticism last time, this may even appear to be a better film. But HG has become a victim of its own success, co-opted by Hollywood, a rebel not without a cause, a money minter.
Francis Lawrence imbues the source material with visceral pleasure in well-wrought scenes vacillating between elaborate spectacle, breathtaking terror, and--occasionally--surprising beauty.
Jennifer Lawrence, of course, is the real draw. Female role models come and go, and Lawrence's Katniss is one of the better ones.
The success of this sequel will demonstrate, beyond doubt, that flesh-and-blood females can dominate the boysy, blockbuster landscape. How apt.
'The Hunger Games: Catching Fire' is that rare beast that has it both ways.
A devastating indictment of pop culture as propaganda - about its power and the limits of its powers - and an upending of the typical teen-girl romance movie.
It's like an awesome episode of Survivor All-Stars, except the stakes are so much bigger.
Catching Fire may be missing the surprises and shocks of the first chapter, but it moves the characters and the world forward in a way that hints at greatness for the two-film finale.
With an impressive cast and an intriguing story, this is one cinematic revolution that fans are sure to rejoice in.
... Francis Lawrence... adds some important new pieces to that group and expands the world in a way that doesn't throw out Ross's film, but that uses it as a way to get to something even better.
The second instalment of The Hunger Games plays out in a bizarre zone where Simon Cowell meets Leni Riefenstahl.
Boldly builds on the world first seen in Gary Ross' 2012 film.
We've been promised an inferno, but Catching Fire smolders for so long that when it finally does burst into burning right before the final shot, the blaze matters.
As an action movie, The Hunger Games: Catching Fire is an improvement on the original. But as a social, political and pop culture satire, [it] is by definition a mixed bag.
The rare sequel that surpasses its predecessor, 'Catching Fire' tackles head-on the repercussions of the events of "The Hunger Games," deepening Collins' cinematic mythology while proving that teen-lit is more than capable of tackling complex ideas.
CATCHING FIRE bests THE HUNGER GAMES in every way. If the trend continues this series will be a political science fiction epic that will endure for generations.
My thoughts on The Hunger Games: Catching Fire can be summed up as such: Bigger? Yes. Better? Not really. Bonkers? Absolutely.
Catching Fire expands Suzanne Collins' novel beyond the confines of the arena to tackle some seriously brutal truths - plugging gaps and sowing seeds for a two-part finale that will have to work hard to match its grit.
Catching Fire is another strong installment in this confident series.
Like Katniss ducking a poison-tip arrow, the keepers of Suzanne Collins's trilogy of fantasy novels have dodged the perils of the sloppy second franchise film.
A safe, serviceable, carefully crafted action drama in which the subversive seeds planted in the first story take welcome root.
A ho-hum sequel that mostly sets the stage for hopefully more scintillating future chapters.
"Catching Fire" makes for rousing entertainment in its own right, leaving fans riled and ready to storm the castle.
Dismiss it as a popcorn movie if you must, but at least they've bothered to serve it with real butter and truffle salt.
Its themes and action sequences are more forcefully realised than they were first time round, suggesting that this series may soon be the one against which all other franchises will be judged.
Is it too soon to say I can't wait for the next one?
Catching Fire is not quite a full course, more of an amuse bouche, making its mammoth audience hungry for future, meatier instalments.
It may not quite live up to the standards of its predecessor, but it far exceeds its source material.
As an adaptation of Collins's Catching Fire, Lawrence's film is close to faultless. As cinema, it's solidly engaging but consistently underwhelming.
Manages to ... delve deeper into the politics and ethical quandaries laid out by its predecessor. All this despite being - for the most part - basically the same film.
Those who understand the outrage that powers the books should ... appreciate the blunt way it embraces Collins' cautionary vision of how a ruthless, privileged few can keep the masses down by dividing them and entertaining them ...

@highlight

Smart, smoothly directed, and enriched with a deeper exploration of the franchise's thought-provoking themes, Catching Fire proves a thoroughly compelling second installment in the Hunger Games series.