Director Gondry succeeds in delivering a very entertaining and compelling human study.
Michel Gondry, working with nonprofessional actors, takes this one-location setup and-traffic conditions permitting-takes off.
Credit Gondry, like Tocqueville before him, with at least re-examining tired clichés and scraping the rust off stereotypes.
An occasionally interesting glimpse into the lives of a diverse group of urban teens and their struggles, but also a film that's overly long and often annoying.
Gondry is like a DJ scratching a record. He puts his own touches to the sound of the Bronx while staying true to its beat.
All of the kids are good in their roles, mostly as characters one assumes resemble themselves. And as any actor will tell you, playing yourself is one of the toughest gigs around.
Gondry's film is like a huge community, alive and -- despite a layer of protective swagger -- full of sympathy and love.
An artful, scrambled, energetic blend of youthful connection and hormonally charged carousing [that] works more as a caffeinated conveyance of feeling than an actual plotted story.
French director Michel Gondry takes a select group of Bronx teenagers, puts them on a bus, and lets them loose. For some of us, it's a scary ride.
Gondry captures some intermittent compelling moments, but overall the film lacks much depth or insight.
The We and the I is less a film than a social-studies experiment, an after-school project by a bunch of high-school kids exploring that eternal teen tension between the individual and the group.
Imagine a student video project with professional production values.
Gondry has talent, and I think he enjoyed being with these youngsters, but the film suffers in trying to impose something vaguely like a story on a framework that boils down to teen high jinks during a bus ride.
"The We and the I" is a collection of very thin stories, many of which feel incomplete.
Organic interactions are interrupted by Gondry's words, or abandoned in favor of fantasy sequences. The film's verisimilitude too often takes a backseat to conventional storytelling and Gondry's whimsical aesthetic.
By the end of the line, we've been granted a privileged peek at today's youth that's intimidating and nostalgia-inducing in equal measure.
Realistic look at teen culture has drinking, sex, language.
Exuberantly finds the universality of adolescence. . . [in] a running theme of. . .peers vs. individual--how 1 plus 1 equals 3, when in groups, they become like someone else.
A vivid snapshot of an interracial group of teenagers as they take a bus ride home on the last day of school.
Michel Gondry gets back to his low-budget roots and rediscovers his formidable formal playfulness in the process.
Ambition only carries the viewing experience so far, as most of the effort is strangled by a persistent unpleasantness and Gondry's tone-deaf way with establishing sympathy for this public transit motley crew.
A return to successful form for (director Michel) Gondry after 2011's wretched "The Green Hornet"...captures the modern teen spirit, lingo and reliance on technology exceptionally well.
Fake documentaries annoy me - why not put in the effort and deliver the real thing? - and this one is not only aimless and stiff, it also rings false.
A shockingly horrendous film that strips away every bit of Michel Gondry's gifted imagination.
Evoking a New York City commuter's nightmare, this movie aims for poignancy but achieves mostly exasperation.
"The We and the I" neither scolds nor sentimentalizes its young characters. Instead the film invites viewers, of whatever age, to immerse themselves in the chaos, glee and heartache of a long ride home on the last day of school.
There's a lot to love about the film, but it can get buried under the attempts to tell everyone's story at once.
Given the choice between handcrafted whimsy and heavy-handedness, we'll take the former, thanks.
At its finest and most affecting, The We and the I is a window onto youth's forever moments ...
Often raucously funny and occasionally touching, with real insight into the behavior patterns of adolescents.
A delirious representation of incipient personalities in bloom, its form as amorphous and reckless as the vibrant youths it portrays.
Gondry's imagination is fully alive to the stories playing out in our culture, and he's happily finding new ways to retell them.
The film's claustrophobic one-location setting is continually opening out thanks to comic digressions and gonzo flashbacks, which are vividly brought to life in Gondry's trademark sticky-back-plastic style.
Amusing, oddly gripping and ultimately emotional, The We and the I is another triumph from Michel Gondry, something of an experiment that has paid off no end.
After several disappointing films (both studio and indies), Gondry is back on terra ferma with this account of youth in the Bronx, which is loose, rambling, and occasionally funny and poignant.
While initially a little heavy-handed as it sets up its character-heavy format its strength comes as its young, inexperienced, cast make their impact on the film, with the closing scenes powerful and subtly moving.
Muddled, muffled and mixing empty comedy with empty dramatics, "The We and the I" is an abject failure.
It feels inordinately unfocused, and a last-minute swerve into earnest speechifying doesn't help.
Gondry, a 49-year-old Frenchman, makes a surprisingly successful go of following the babble and switch of young, fast-talking Bronxites.
Rambling and unpolished, the film has a scrappy charm that springs organically from the characters and their stories rather than being artificially coaxed.

@highlight

Michel Gondry's whimsical dramedy is occasionally unfocused, but it's still an imaginative and poignant take on the emotional complexities of young people.