Easily the best film of its genre since 'Soul Food' and definitely makes for a excellent holiday season treat.
A happy Christmas package that more or less ignores the fact that it's a black American family story
Family holiday dramedy has some iffy content.
If you're looking for a film that celebrates the holiday spirit, This Christmas would be my first suggestion because it's heartfelt and not too sweet.
Here's a family you'll want to visit for the holidays. Maybe you'll event want to stay through New Year's.
...there's a genuine feeling of a real family's real Christmas, with all its heat as well as warmth, the kind of thing that's missing from the plastic platitudes of holiday junk like Fred Claus...
While formula is still the same, it's quite amusing, romantic, and a delightful holiday treat for a family to enjoy.
This is a very entertaining movie, despite all the inplausablities, and doesn't get down to the insipidness of most Holiday family outings.
o matter how silly the situation, each member of the uniformly strong cast creates a nice balance between sentimental and sweet -- which is just how every holiday gathering should feel.
If you like schmaltzy, music-saturated family movies, This Christmas will set all the right bells jingling.
"Destined to become a Yuletide classic, " claim the press notes. Well, they do say Christmas is a time for dreaming.
A strong wire netting will keep out unwanted super-soaps such as the first, in which a black family in LA proves that being Afro-American is no inoculation against outbreaks of schmaltz and piety.
It's laboured and obvious, and not even a Yuletide movie: Christmas is little more than a device to bring the family back under one roof. Still, its plot is as overstuffed as any turkey.
It's formulaic and corny as hell, but a top-notch cast keep this festive family drama believable - just.
The clumsy dialogue is so busy explaining the back stories that it doesn't have time for decent one-liners.
Like discovering a family pet mutilated under the mistletoe, this second Christmas offering does its damnedest to suck all joy out of the festive season.
No Christmas cracker but a likable holiday movie, This Christmas is full of seasonal cheer, some witty banter and a raft of enthusiastic performances from its high-spirited cast.
Goodwill be stuffed - this is about as appetising as a plateful of reheated sprouts.
Don't expect realism from this frothy little number, but do expect a bit of heart-warming cheer courtesy of romantic unions, overcome prejudices, reconciled enemies and general peace and understanding.
The kind of 14-pound turkey you can only excuse at Christmas.
This is good-natured, determinedly aspirational African-American entertainment, but did it have to be quite so heavy on the clichés?
Watchable ensemble drama with a strong cast and an above average script, though it will sorely test your patience for group dance scenes.
Lindo is one of those actors who has established himself as a fine performer but who's never really had a breakout starring role. This Christmas still isn't that star vehicle but it does let Lindo stretch his talent a little.
The performances and Whitmore's ability to keep it all moving at a good clip make it pleasing entertainment -- most of the time.
Like mum's home-made comfort food, it's warming but not really that good for you.
I could actually see this becoming kind of a minor perennial during the holidays.
This Christmas adheres to this formula and impressively stays away from the cheese and the sap that ordinarily accompany holiday pictures.
Timely, festive and aimed at an African-American audience, it's an angst-filled soap-opera, overstuffed with suds.
Very real and easily relatable.
Quite convincing in conveying the feeling of a real family, and in generating the requisite chemistry or antipathy as called for by their dysfunctional characters' dire circumstances.
If the real-life Christmas experience tends too often to be marred by the rude contradiction between expectations and reality, movies like the ultra-bland holiday family movie This Christmas are at least partly to blame.
An incoherent mess in which scenes of teary reconciliations sit uncomfortably next to protracted gags involving catfights, car wrecks and a big bottle of baby oil.
Would be right at home as a movie made for television. As a feature film, it is a forgettable, humdrum sapfest.
Through the copious hugs and soundtrack cues, This Christmas hits the familiar holiday themes earnestly -- and during the Christmas season, that should count for something.
Christmas won't wow anyone with its audacity or originality, but it's bound to make plenty of people happy with its slick, crowd-pleasing familiarity.
This carefully observed film has lots of heart.
This Christmas is not your typical family holiday movie, and thank goodness for that. It's warm, witty and alive, with a fantastic cast and a belief in its characters that transcends its formulaic tendencies.
This feels like the movie Tyler Perry has been trying to make for years now -- just less stage bound and better acted.
The movie doesn't idealize, which makes it ideal.
There is a familiar quality to the multi-generational family holiday homecoming that nicely blends drama and comedy. It's a cut above the standard heartwarming fare that fills theaters this time of year.
With heaping amounts of food, music, seasonal spirit and drama, drama, drama, there's no reason not to add this one to a shortlist of recent holiday favorites.
Sometimes a movie can succeed because of just one thing: people we like a lot.
This Christmas includes more family melodrama than all the holiday-homecoming flicks from the past decade combined.
King is too strong a presence to be convincing as a pushover. She's still interesting to watch, and her character's friction with sister Kelli seem truthful at moments. But just about everything involving Lisa and her husband is a stretch.
At two full hours it can feel as exhausting as a holiday dinner with your own family.
Loretta Devine is a treasure as the no-nonsense mother, and Delroy Lindo is as delightful as ever as her longtime beau -- give these two old pros a whole movie about late-in-life romance and we'd all be happy.
There's so much wrong going on, things start to feel forced.
A family movie that holds few surprises but an abundance of hope and goodwill.
What's surprising is how well Whitmore, the director, manages to direct traffic... It's sort of a screwball-comedy effect, but with a heart.
One of those overstaffed, overstuffed 'when do we eat?' holiday dramedies.
Film editor Paul Seydor, the best cut man in the business, keeps the violent confrontations shocking and real, but never loses Whitmore's comic vision of Christmas as an open season in which anything can happen.
I have to ask: What could possibly explain the presence of two first-rate actors like Lindo and Elba in a movie as bland as This Christmas?
A holiday film with much goodwill but just as much predictability.
Another tragically banal step backwards in black filmmaking that looks to keep it from ever being taken seriously.
There are more status symbols hanging from this family drama than a department-store tree has ornaments.
...after having endured movies like The Family Stone and Christmas with the Kranks..., it is a most welcome and delightful relief.
That's right, this is a Christmas film that actually constructs a happy ending out of the sight of a naked and oiled black man being whipped for comedic effect.
After four Tyler Perry feature films, we finally have the very first official knockoff with This Christmas. Of course, with such an honor comes a delicious twist: it's miles ahead of anything Perry could muster.
When a 'heartwarming' holiday movie is this hamfisted, the best response is to slap some pineapple slices on it, throw it in the oven, and serve it for Christmas dinner.
This version adheres just enough to the usual traditions to satisfy, with most of its appeal in its top-notch ensemble performances and the freshness of its setting in the home of a middle-class black family.
It's just harmless and bland and dull and predictable, and sometimes that's worse than a bad movie.
A warm and warmed-over collection of holiday-movie cliches packaged in a movie about a large extended black family.
Overstuffed, formulaic but very easy to take.
Writer/director Preston A. Whitmore II mixes his own life experience with time worn genre cliches yet produces a holiday movie that feels fresh thanks largely to his appealing and talented cast.
At the multiplex where so many holiday movies feel regifted, This Christmas is a gift.
Smooth and soothing as a cup of eggnog, but not much more satisfying.
As inert as an artificial tree and as pointless as eggnog without brandy.
Writer-director Preston A. Whitmore II serves up an overstuffed but satisfying Yuletide comedy-drama with a fine cast.
a cornucopia of cine-cheer and familydysfunction.
The cast has spirit, but the dialogue and situations are phonier than the Yule log on TV.
Some may enjoy This Christmas for its clan emotion and fitful moments of true liveliness.
A holiday melodrama suffering from severe bloat.
A nearly XXXmas, juiced up with jazz, jive and one secretive sister's main squeeze, her vibrator hidden away in mama's bedroom drawer.
Animated acting and the sheer chaos of this squabbling family give the film a comic buoyancy.
An unusual blend of well-balanced comedy and drama, writer/director Preston A. Whitmore II's Christmastime movie effortlessly weaves multiple storylines of family members reuniting for the first time in four years.
A rare holiday treat, a package that's both thoughtfully selected and sure to please its intended recipients.






@highlight

This Christmas features strong performances and a sharp portrayal of family dynamics, but relies too heavily on holiday movie clichés.