[Writer/Director Tyler] Perry can't seem to break from his usual melodramatic, soap opera-esque formula in this movie, but he does manage to tug at our emotions for a funny, heartfelt, relatable look at marriage and love.
There are some decent performances here, particularly from Jill Scott, but they just can't save the clichéd material from weighing down the whole film.
Tyler Perry's worst film.
Hopelessly inert and dreary.
Perry has plugged a hole in the market, for sure; it's just all a bit pleased with itself.
Go to see it and you may ask yourself why did I bother?
Fans of utter predictability will be well satisfied.
Even a scene with Janet Jackson trashing a living room cannot lighten the laboured atmosphere.
Undermined by its inability to stand separately from its predecessor.
Sometimes shrill, always uneven...
It becomes clear why Oprah is such a huge Perry fan.
It's gone way past film bad -- all the way to crime bad, and personally I'd put the act of making Why Did I Get Married Too? on a level with seven burglaries.
Basically, it's Barbershop with bigger bucks.
The story is relentlessly bland and the script constantly panders to its family values-obsessed audience, neutering all the characters in the process.
Finding this occasionally over the top nasty domestic strife entertaining, depends on whether you have a tendency to put your nosy ears closer to the wall when married neighbors squabble loudly, or would rather cover them up for the annoying duration.
Renaissance Man Tyler Perry proving he still has his finger on the pulse via yet another, madcap, marital melodrama apt to resonate with the collective conscious of the black community.
One trip to this well was enough. The cast, returning from the first film, is good enough but the story is shrill and unnerving. By the time a tacky ending arrives the audience is ready for something a little lighter and a little brighter.
Perry doesn't pander to critics. His intent is to make positive films about black family life. Some filmmakers like to push buttons, like Spike Lee or Lee Daniels. Perry's morals and values, regardless of art, will always come first.
Not as clever or as dramatic as the first outing, 'Why Did I Get Married Too?' still is an enjoyable outing for the ensemble created by Tyler Perry.
It shows a maturing in Perry's work from the pandering of his men-are-all-dogs films.
Like most of Perry's treasures, Why Did I Get Married Too? seems to have been shot with no script and on a single take; the majority of dialogue overheard at your local mall's food court is leagues more entertaining.
I suppose it was inevitable in our post-Tiger Woods world that the golf club should be added to the Perry arsenal of womanly rage.
Burdened with a bevy of unlikely plot twists, this is less a movie sequel than the latest installment in a big-screen soap opera.
Another sure moneymaker but this is a weak effort from the Tyler Perry machine
Easygoing effort at times feels over-baked and too full of Perry's now-trademarked melodramatics.
Love heals in mature, melodramatic marriage dramedy.
Not only is Perry in tune with his audience as always, he's unquestionably growing as a cinematic artist.
Perry is getting closer to striking the right balance between comedy and drama, mining deep, sometimes disturbing emotional territory in this sequel.
Perry seems to be going through the motions on this one, repeating the platitudes and relationship angst that he's trotted out a half-dozen times already.
Another Perry film that is certainly flawed but well-worth the watch.
If Perry's cinematic vision remains less than 20/20, his sagacity gets stronger by the movie.
This Tyler Perry sequel hews closer to his usual formula than its predecessor, but good cast chemistry and a gutturally fierce performance by Janet Jackson keep it watchable.
Worth mentioning is the queasy dynamic in which the male characters' violent impulses are condemned in theory but, when acted on, seem to be implicitly excused, or at least overlooked.
Where is Madea when you need her?
[It] plays like an empty but diverting beach read. Your brain recognizes that the dialogue, for example, doesn't come from any place that remotely resembles relationship reality.
Perry sticks with the pedestrian shots and a Lifetime network aesthetic. He doesn't even take advantage of the film's exotic Bahamian setting.
Terribly shot and crudely assembled.
Perry's films are shapeless, but they're crammed to bursting with melodramatic twists, the kind that make the audience gasp as they chuckle. The movie's like an old sofa, overstuffed and misshapen, but so familiar that it gives comfort all the same.
It's nice to have things we can rely on in this unpredictable life, and among the most reliable of all are Tyler Perry movies.
Tyler Perry's winning formula again is on display in the sequel to his crowd-pleasing hit.
Married offers a positive, if melodramatically heightened, portrait of upper-middle-class African-American life, one broadly appealing enough to satisfy even the Nancy Meyers set, if only they'd give it a chance.
Tyler Perry grounds this sequel to Why Did I Get Married? in his trademark blend of comedy, soap opera, and down-home southern sentiment, though he lets up a little on the moral proselytizing, which aids the digestion considerably.
Parental Content Review
For the prolific Tyler Perry, Why Did I Get Married Too? is nothing if not more of the same.
'Married Too?' isn't the perfect film about the challenges of being married, but Perry brings enough issues to the table to enlighten and entertain the audience.
Perry's most obscenely obnoxious, morally bankrupt, and professionally ramshackle film to date. It's appalling in every way, showing a disregard for humankind in a manner that should keep Perry on a therapist's couch, not on a film set.
Since Married Too? is not Perry's first attempt at filmmaking, his reliance on formula becomes disconcerting. In fact, since the execrable Meet the Browns, Perry's conventions have been unacceptable.


@highlight

It's bolstered by a strong performance from Janet Jackson, but ultimately, Tyler Perry's Why Did I Get Married Too? doesn't add anything new to Perry's melodramatic formula.