Dumb would-be thriller -- save your money.
This is one big missed opportunity.
A messy cheesecake of supernatural horror without scaring the pants off its audience, nor making any real sense.
Something evil this way comes without much nerve-jangling fanfare (most of the screams came from the soundtrack rather than the audience) or conviction (portal schmortal).
Is the movie scary? Only if this is your first scary movie.
The paranormal phenomenon surely has its millions of converts, but White Noise is so silly, it just may turn many into non-believers.
Though I'm well disposed toward elliptical spook stories that depend on the audience's imagination for their jolts and effects, it takes art as well as craft to put them across, and Geoffrey Sax's direction of a Niall Johnson script has neither.
White noise is intended to help you fall asleep. White Noise would never let you do that, though. It's far too interested in a cacophony of cheap scares.
Some of its filmic devices seem a little hokey for a movie that is apparently trying to persuade us that EVP is a real phenomenon.
White Noise is little more than an old-fashioned ghost story with a newfangled twist.
The only problem is that there's just not that much of a reason to sit up and check out what all of the noise is about.
The soundtrack and crackling static, contorting into mysterious moans, create a chilling mood, but the characters are so thin.
A dopey, totally disposable grade B thriller.
...quickly devolves into ludicrous plotting and cheap shock effects.
White Noise is a lifeless affair that strives to take our money while aggravating and annoying us, a niche already filled by the Rainforest Café.
An effective ad campaign for a colossal mess.
Scenes went unenlightened, plot points left unanswered, cheap thrills went unimproved.
It's a typical case of the kind of movie which gets launched these days on the strength of a one-sentence pitch. Having got all dressed up, it finds that it has absolutely nowhere to go.
Through it all Keaton furrows his brow with impressive intensity. But his efforts are hampered by a script which requires him to do the exact opposite of what any right-minded individual would do in his circumstances.
'Mejor hay que esperar hasta que salga en DVD. Por lo menos los extras deben traer algo más interesante'
Jamais gasta um minuto que seja para estabelecer melhor as motivações dos personagens.
...an incoherent mess of a science fiction thriller that deals more in coincidences and gimmicks than logic.
It was great to see Michael Keaton back in a major role and this movie is scary. I had to shut my eyes a couple of times when it got intense. It makes for a good thriller.
Pleases just about no one, neither the viewers looking for a thoughtful supernatural enterprise nor those out for a good scare.
A movie that goes "bump" in the night
The film's strong premise makes it even more disappointing than similarly weak efforts in the horror genre.
Yet another horror film that takes a potentially interesting idea and crams it into an old, formula structure with absolutely nothing in the way of surprise, fright or entertainment.
Thrill-free thriller.
A deadweight spiritual thriller.
If you want to see TV static used to better effect in a horror film, go to the video store and rent Poltergeist
In short, watching actual white noise would be preferable to sitting through White Noise. Avoid like your life depended on it.
Little more than a droning nonsensical buzz that makes even less sense at its end than it does at its beginning.
There's no horror to speak of.
Even if its dorky climax throws you out of the mood again, there are staticky bits of White Noise that still manage to cling.
Isn't very effective as a thriller.
Keaton gives an understated performance that reminds you how it was that he became such an appealing screen presence in the first place and makes you wish better material would start coming his way rather than goofy messages from the great beyond.
A stalled, been-there-seen-that vehicle that can't fine-tune its themes, its effects, even its connect-the-dots plot.
What moron came up with this concept?
Like the phenomenon of the title, the film suggests possible revelations but in the end is just a blur.
Hearing dead people's voices through static loses its spine-chilling power after a few minutes, and unfortunately, that's about all the film has to offer.
White Noise isn't exactly worth rushing out to the theater for, but in the heap of junk food January releases offer, you could do much, much worse.
Egad! Is it too early to start assembling my Worst Pictures of 2005 list?
Though the deceased can help Keaton rescue abducted women and babies trapped in cars, not one of them has seen Jimmy Hoffa.
If you loved those Batman shots of the actor staring intently at his computer, rest assured that they're approximated over and over again throughout this woefully inert film.
Too silly to describe, much less analyze.
If you can picture Heather O'Rourke crouched before a staticky TV, you know the source, and even a knock-off like Witchboard drew more scares from a similar theme
The rare jolt of adrenaline is meager compensation for the dopey pastiche of every successful supernatural thriller of the last decade.
The filmmakers are obviously hoping that they are making up in mood what they're failing to provide in narrative logic, but a guy staring at static is a guy staring at static.
[Keaton's] being stalked by three shadowy figures that ... look exactly like the Penn-Robbins-Bacon silhouettes that graced the poster for Mystic River.
90 percent of it isn't bad enough to be funny, while 100 percent of it isn't good enough to be good.
Forget that noise.
How pathetic is it that the coming attractions trailer is about a hundred times more eerie than the movie itself?
Vigorously pushes the supernatural line throughout, but unfortunately its final movement is so incoherent that the whole thing collapses.
Does bad reception on the TV set send shivers down your spine? Me neither.
They may call it white noise, but I call it static.
Egad! Is it too early to start assembling my Worst Pictures of 2005 list?
Unfolds with precision and excellent pacing. It's been a long while since I've been so unnerved in a theater.
...a hollow horrorfest immersed in its own conjured-up clumsiness. Sax's thin-laced thriller is about as suspenseful as an overdue library book waiting to be returned.
If you're alive, please avoid White Noise. The dead will never forgive you for wasting your time, money, and psychic energy on it.
Too dull to make you care.
When it falters, it does so for the same reason certain otherwise perfectly unnerving recent horror movies have -- because the atmosphere of irrational dread is punctured by the demand for a rational explanation.
White Noise's scares mostly wind up lost in transmission.
A dreadful, predictable and thoroughly silly thriller that shows how low poor Keaton's star has fallen.
Enjoyably slow-paced.
White Noise is about watching static.
Boring horror film.
White Noise never gives skeptics a chance to enjoy the film. I also suspect even believers will be bored because first-time feature director Geoffrey Sax lets the film languish in static.
A muddled bore of a supernatural thriller that mostly relies on cheap scares to keep you awake.
Take every ghost-in-the-machine movie you've ever seen -- Poltergeist, Frequency, The Mothman Prophecies, Dragonfly -- distill the worst parts, reassemble them, and you've got Noise.
Poltergeist (1982) did it first and did it better. But this new stroll through cinematic static is still a sometimes spooky spin on that theme.
Boring and fundamentally silly.
The movie delivers little more than cheap shocks and stylized static.
Silly and unscary.
Less likely to haunt an audience than simply bore them to death.
Only the most novice horror fan will find anything really scary in White Noise.
A grim and monotonous affair
You'd never guess from this glum performance that at one time [Michael Keaton] was among our most entertaining comic actors. Here he's just boring.
White Noise is not the kind of thriller that makes you scream and leap about in your seat, but it will likely have you squirming and gasping.
White Noise works because Michael Keaton makes you believe in what he's going through.
[A] dullsville chiller.
Around the two-thirds mark, this restless bum had an urge to move considerably farther than the seat's edge.
There's a decent concept here, but the fuzzy execution, lack of scares and a corny conclusion kill this one.
A convoluted and confusing thriller that gives viewers serious migraines.
About as much fun as watching static on TV.
Tune it out.
The movie stinks.
A disappointing show.
Begins intriguingly and lapses into self-contradictory nonsense.
A moronic exercise in supernatural claptrap.
...a clumsy, dreadfully preposterous and pedestrian thriller that seems to believe loud noises are the same as good frights.
all the chills of a refrigerator's hum
This so-called thriller modulates the eerie static buzz of an empty frequency into the cinematic equivalent of sleep apnea.
As inherently unthrilling, incoherent, and unsatisfying as scrambled porn.
I didn't hate this, but... if I wanted to watch white fuzzy pictures on a TV screen, I could stay home to do that.
For [Keaton], a forgettable flick like this one is like a rehab stint in A ball for a big league pitcher
As a whole, the film doesn't fit together. It's actually three different types of movies ground together into hamburger and splattered on the screen.
So much for 'rest in peace.'
[An] atmospheric but deeply stupid thriller...
Director Geoffrey Sax bravely avoids treating White Noise as another grab bag of scare tactics.
White Noise might have been a whole lot more fun for the sound effects crew than the actors
The eerie mood shatters under the accumulated weight of too many 'jump out of your seat' shockers.
Often playing like an unwanted sequel to Dragonfly, White Noise makes little sense.
A barkingly dumb would-be thriller
Wholly guano what a waste of an evening this colossal mess was - it's not even a murmur of a film...
'I see dead people... if I jiggle the antenna a little, that is,' no one says here, but they might as well.
Michael Keaton stares at a fuzzy TV image, waiting for something to happen; we stare at Michael Keaton, waiting for the same.
Keaton's performance aside, White Noise is astonishingly drab, aimlessly meandering, and entirely beholden to earlier cinematic successes.
The movie, at least, is spot on in one regard: it respects the long-running tradition of January cinema releases by being both lousy and miscalculated.
An interesting idea pulled apart by the expediencies of a grimly formulaic plot.
A listless, troublingly familiar thriller, the last thing White Noise will accomplish with its E.V.P. tale is convincing anybody that this phenomena is real.
An unsatisfying supernatural thriller with an effectively unsettling build-up and a frustratingly muddled pay-off.
White Noise pretty much describes the content of this lackluster, scare-free story.
Though it's not based on an Asian horror film, White Noise sure feels like one...
Despite a few heart-stopping moments generated by a sudden, looming tortured face or burst of thunderous sound, White Noise lacks that certain something essential to any movie intended to frighten, disarm or disorient: plausibility.
White Noise begins as an overlit paean to trophy-wifedom and 'lifestyle' living, then practically gets down on its knees and begs to be called 'a stylish thriller.'
White Noise generates a number of boo! moments -- the hiss-suffixed, vegetable-throwing kind. But mostly, like its namesake, it just puts you to sleep.
The swipes from pseudo-science and more inventive films serve only to put a thin gloss on the thin plot.
Takes a potentially interesting idea and crams it into an old, formula structure with absolutely nothing in the way of surprise, fright or entertainment.
The nominal thriller White Noise is worthy neither of Michael Keaton's talents nor even a desperate horror fan's attention.
Even though logic takes a holiday in White Noise, Geoffrey Sax, a British television director making his theatrical debut, lavishes enough craft on the paranormal thriller to send more than a few chills down the spine.
[The movie's] intentions are well-meaning but director Geoffrey Sax's execution is so uneven it nulls their impact.
White Noise has its merits, including persuasive acting by Michael Keaton -- too bad this unchilling chiller won't give his sagging career much of a lift.
You know a ghost story is in trouble when the leading man's wrinkles and scars are more intriguing than any of the on-screen spooks.
Although director Geoffrey Sax gives White Noise its share of suspense, he's hampered by Niall Johnson's script, which is often confusing, muddy and ultimately cliche-ridden.
A little skepticism would have gone a long way in this movie, because if the characters don't pause to laugh at the ridiculousness of it all, we are forced to do the guffawing for them.
The movie is a compendium of white upper-middle-class suburban banality, cheap scares and eye-crossingly monotonous drama.
Has a relatively quiet pulse for a spooky, supernatural thriller.
Flawed but enjoyable supernatural thriller.
A muddled talking-ghosts movie.
The movie itself plays like a message from the dead, a communiqué from some inert movie world of lifeless clichés, emptily flashy style, wooden characters and moribund plot shtick.
...a clumsy thriller that botches its own high concept.
...the trite film fails to deliver the necessary thrills and chills it so desperately wants us to experience.
Were White Noise a little bolder, smarter and nastier, the frustrating questions its ending raises would have become fascinating talking points for the drive home.
It's likely a bad idea to try to figure out the logic of various plot points.
Everything White Noise dishes out we've seen before. And in most cases, we've seen it done much, much better.
About as scary as a Jack-o-Lantern in broad daylight.
The ending *is* ludicrous... but if you like ghost stories, White Noise is disquieting enough.
Pretty much seems a movie about poor television reception--something you can probably get for free at home.
The movie suffers from The Forgotten Effect. When deciding between possible endings, they chose the most ludicrous one, just like in The Forgotten.
It is inept, it is inane, and it is seemingly interminable.
I say the ghosts should either upgrade to satellite radio signals or stick with the old-fashioned Ouija board. And would it kill ya to call?
fails miserably to frighten, enlighten, or entertain
Maybe the folks at Intel or Microsoft can be consulted on the technology the spirits are using.
In lieu of satisfying answers, we get crude gee-whizzikers scares, cribbed from the horror canon.
It's stupid, but it's scary-stupid
An utterly abysmal wannabe-horror film. Never even remotely frightening—the trailer is worlds above this lame finished product in terms of a visceral response.


@highlight

While there are some built-in scares, the movie is muddled and unsatisfying.