Despite its small cast and location, Gerald's Game never feels tedious.
Gerald's Game defiantly overcomes all the obstacles of a novel that for all the world seemed like it would be unfilmable
...a powerful, tense, inspiring Stephen King adaptation.
Nimbly directed by Mike Flanagan, Gerald's Game is notable for a tight screenplay and a watch-it-through-your-fingers scene of Jessie figuring out a bloody way to get out of those handcuffs.
The performances-especially the hyper-demanding one by Gugino-are riveting. This one's all but devoid of supernatural elements, but it's plenty disturbing.
... pay attention to everything the characters do at the beginning and you'll save time... [Full review in Spanish]
Alongside IT, this movie helps turning 2017 into The Year of King. [Full review in Portuguese.]
[The filmmakers] have put evident passion behind their adaptation of King's previously thought "unfilmable" novel, turning it into a gripping, visceral thriller.
Gerald's Game isn't earth shattering, and it's definitely not sexy. Still, the movie works as a late night, B-picture experience, bolstered primarily by its smart dialogue and emotional cunning.
Gerald's Game is a stimulating film that is always effective and exciting, and even masterfully dodges the possible flaws raised by the script. [Full Review in Spanish]
Director [Mike] Flanagan pulls off another remarkable horror entry...
Gerald's Game is a mostly faithful, almost entirely enjoyable adaptation of King's novel.
Too full of busywork to ever get around to dramatizing the horror of being trapped, helpless and alone, which I thought was supposed to be the whole point.
Watching Carla Gugino's character try to survive a terrifying situation may be exhausting for some viewers, but Gugino's extraordinary acting is their reward.
Its soon-to-be-infamous degloving scene is best watched through splayed fingers. The film itself is best not watched at all.
Without spoiling anything, there's a scene that very nearly made me lose my dinner all over my laptop.
Gerald's Game ultimately argues that monsters are real, and that they can only be defeated (or, at least, "minimized") through direct confrontation.
Flanagan smartly using bodily horrors to inspired severe psychological ones, delivering a King adaptation that honors the author and his genre experimentation.
There's no paranormal activity at work in this Stephen King-inspired film, but Gerald's Game is just as nightmarish.
Carla Gugino conveys a complex woman who, via her ordeal on the bed, emerges as a woman with her own voice. The physicality of her performance is raw, and she makes us feel her character's panic, discomfort, anger, and fear.
[Carla] Gugino's performance in particular is stunning and raw.
Carla Cugino gives her all in a stellar performance.
One of the best things about this movie is its smallness
Unsurprisingly, the film is [Mike Flanagan's] most accomplished to date, the result of the years he's spent giving a damn about his characters and their anguish. He's so good at it, he even makes it look easy.
Our advice: this is one game that you should take the time to play.
Despite the rather absurd premise, it's well worth a watch.
Gerald's Game is a winning Stephen King adaptation that understands how to thrill through dread and mental breakdowns over cheap thrills.
Makes a misstep in its final minutes, but the remainder of the film succeeds at building suspense, increasing our pulses, and making viewers care about one woman's struggle.
But against these bad odds, [Carla] Gugino totally sells her endurance piece of a role.
Gerald's Game is an excellent piece of cinema, and proves that story and performance can overcome even the most 'unfilmable' source material.
... Gerald's Game isn't exclusively a story about trauma, but one of survival.
When it works, it's because of Gugino, the rare performer who can suggest victimized despair and empowered triumph.
[Mike] Flanagan has a command of how to make the most of a single location, and Gerald's Game often captures a sense of mounting tension and fear through small touches.
If this is any indication of what a continued partnership would bring, Netflix and Stephen King should look for as many chances as they can to stay together.
The best King adaptation of the year so far.
It's a barnstorming showcase for Gugino, so often underused, who tackles a difficult, physically restricted role with gusto.
The movie, like real life, understands that victim-blaming head-voices are often more persistently traumatizing than the original perp was by himself.
Gerald's Game is one of the most interesting and well-acted movies you'll see this year.
This is what makes adaptation so compelling, when you see artists solve creative problems to translate formats. You still get the joy of seeing scenes you pictured, but new stuff as they turn internal prose into on screen action.
Finally, after the abysmal The Dark Tower and the overhyped It, we have a Stephen King adaptation that's worthy of the brand.
An exquisite, simple, torturously suspenseful thriller.
Ultimately, Gerald's Game is an unassuming, overachieving little thriller that is blessed by two performers capable of handling the lion's share of the dramatic challenges it presents.
In bursts, between the memories and the ghostly Who's Afraid of Stephen King? playlets, Flanagan shows that he probably could have made a leaner, meaner, more suspenseful film.
[Gerald's Game] is an embrace of female strength, outright, and it's as moving as it is consummately thrilling.
An adaptation of a Stephen King novel that subtly and without irony shows the imbalance of a marriage when the woman is handcuffed to a bed.
Gerald's Game uses Hitchcockian suspense to create tensions in an age of few restraints.
Despite almost never getting out of bed, Netflix's Gerald's Game might be the most haunting Stephen King adaptation of the year.
Writer-director Mike Flanagan and co-writer Jeff Howard have turned Gerald's Game into one of the most compelling, eerie, memorable Stephen King adaptations to date.
Carla Gugino gives a tour-de-force performance in an arresting psychological thriller based on Stephen King's 1992 novel.
As the renewed wave of interest in Stephen King continues to crash on our cinematic shores, we can only hope that future adapters and adaptions will be so well matched.
When the movie arrives at a phenomenal, breakneck climax, and then keeps going with a totally implausible twist, it's adhering to the unwritten rule: No matter who's driving, everyone must bow to the King.
'Gerald's Game' Hits 'Misery' Levels of Cringe-worthy Tension.
Mike Flanagan is an un-ironic humanist, which is rare in the horror genre. And this admirable quality trips him up in the film's second half, which pivots on Jessie learning to stand up to diseased masculinity.
"Gerald's Game" is a symphony of suspense and scares, spiked with just the right amount of gruesome gore.
Gerald's Game was never going to be the easiest Stephen King novel to bring to the big screen, and despite a handful of faults, it's that rare horror film that works on both a psychological and a visceral level.
Mike Flanagan delivers the high water mark in King Cinema.
This is an excellent adaptation of one of Stephen King's more underrated works, by a savvy director who respects the material but makes the film his own.

@highlight

Carla Gugino carries Gerald's Game 's small-scale suspense with a career-defining performance.