[Jason Reitman] has taken himself far too seriously, producing a film so ruminative and honeyed and dull that the final scenes start to resemble a terrifying and treacly recurring dream, in which no one seems to be able to leave town.
[The] message gets muddled against "Labor Day's" contemporary disregard for sexual restraint in relationships.
Too much sugar ruins the pie! Jason Reitman's shamelessly saccharine adaptation of Joyce Maynard's novel could not have resisted such a bromide, as it was baked into the dough.
The three central performances are amazingly complex and introspective, each actor providing the perfect mix of either apprehension or confidence.
Too often, 'Labor Day' feels like a sternly resolved, self-consciously determined break from that tradition, a filmmaker deciding "I am making a Serious Drama" and steadfastly refusing to allow even a note of levity into the proceedings.
'Labor Day' is an example of why, when the world self-destructs, all that will be left is cockroaches, and romance novels. And Keith Richards. Okay, never mind that last one.
The fantasy it presents is easy to mock, but delicious all the same.
It sort of sits in a blank, defeated slump.
So histrionically abysmal that it makes you realize how lazy and complacent most other movies are in their banal mediocrity. The atrociousness is thrilling. As I left the theater, I felt alive again.
It's unlike anything we've seen in memory - and all the more absorbing as a result.
It dares to diverge from the current culture of cinema by opting for a small scale, an open heart, and a sincere interest in the lives of small-town Americans.
It's a shame, particularly, that the talent of Winslet is wasted here. Her presence should have been the transformative factor, but she can't patch the holes in the story.
The initial Hitchcockian tension soon slackens into slop, with a dash of lukewarm eroticism.
Teeters on the brink of self-parody.
Performances are strong, the chemistry is palpable and romantic sorts will get something from the Stockholm syndrome story.
Labor Day is a humourless and heavy-handed melodrama built around an extremely unlikely romance.
The story is ludicrous. The reveals are unintentionally hilarious and clumsily delivered. Even the production design is off.
The really baffling thing is that this clunker has been written, directed and produced by Jason Reitman, whose previous movies include Juno and Up in the Air. What was he thinking?
With one of Kate Winslet's most layered, resonant performances, this film is definitely worth a look, even though the indulgent filmmaking style pushes it perilously close to Nicholas Sparks-style sappiness.
See [Winslet's] name on the opening credits and it's a good bet that what's to follow will be a classy, high-end production.
There is as much to scoff at as there is to be scoffed in Labor Day, and yet I quite liked it.
A tender, nostalgic and warm 'family' drama which also quietly seethes with the threat and tension of imminent danger. Labor Day shows a new side to Jason Reitman as a filmmaker, and we like it.
Labor Day lacks this film-maker's usual sophisticated wit: it is bizarrely unconvincing, sugary and humourless, like a Walt Disney version of The Night of the Hunter.
May become a candidate for camp mini-classic status.
Go with the flow and give in, like Adele herself, and you might be genuinely moved.
Director Jason Reitman comes a-cropper with this unconvincing Southern melodrama starring Kate Winslet and Josh Brolin.
An emotionally engaging and suspenseful blend of thriller, romance and coming-of-age story with a strong script and a trio of terrific performances from Winslet, Brolin and newcomer Gattlin Griffith.
Even if it's not what you expect from the director of Juno, there is much to enjoy in the richly-detailed performances. Labor Day is anything but hard work.
You wish that Reitman had brought the material under control - or better yet, let its cheap manipulations and gushy eroticism run riot.
Despite getting a critical hammering in the States, it turns out that romantic drama Labor Day isn't all that bad.
If you have even the tiniest cynical bone in your body, avoid. You'll find Labor Day more sugary than a cronut.
You might find Frank and his sexy baking a bit too much to swallow.
Upon leaving the theater, we are confused: has the author simply decided to reveal his sensitive side, or is he just pulling our leg?
Good intentions are not enough to make it work on any of the levels it was designed to, and there's only so much of Winslet and Brolin looking sad that you can substitute for substance.
It's increasingly clear that we're meant to read this at face value as a tale of people swept away by passion. Which is a problem, because on that level much of this is a ham-fisted (or should that be peach-fisted) mess.
The screenplay spends all of its time borrowing from the source material, and nothing from the human brain.
Good acting but a ludicrous script.
Well intentioned but lacking in credibility, "Labor Day" is a bump in the so-far smooth cinematic road of director Jason Reitman.
The film is saved by an excellent third act that ramps up the tension of the "kidnapping" scenario.
The inertia always grabs hold and weighs the slender situation down.
The message appears simple: Women can be seduced by a killer, especially if he is a killer handyman.
You're certain to wonder when the manhunt for the wunderkind auteur is going to begin. Because, in Labor Day's nearly two hours, the Jason Reitman fans have come to know is nowhere to be found.
While Labor Day can strain credibility to the point of becoming totally corny at times, the simple, relatable chemistry worked up by Winslet and Brolin immediately picks the film up after any bad stumbles.
As hokey and tone-deaf as it is implausible, this sloppy romance drama makes for one long, hard slog.
Labor Day is somehow simultaneously both a bland thudding mess of non-happenstance and an over-the-top soap opera fusillade of difficult-to-endure emotional cheap shots.
Kate Winslet is completely believable as a woman who can no longer face even the simplest tasks and Josh Brolin brings both warmth and effortless authority to his character..
Hopefully this terrible film is a small blight on what should be an otherwise fruitful career for the director.
will leave you craving peach pie and your money back
Soggy, often silly romantic melodrama
It proves surprisingly effective material for the filmmaker, who reveals that he also possesses a deft hand when it comes to relaying big, earnest emotions.
Brolin and Winslet, fine actors both, do their best, but they're fighting an undertow in a sea of cheese, and the movie fails to fan their coals of passion into anything resembling a flame.
Led by first-rate work from Winslet and Brolin, Labor Day is a skilful, old-fashioned drama from a maturing director. Cynics, however, need not apply.
Jason Reitman forgot the tapioca.
"Labor" isn't just a word in the title of Jason Reitman's new film, it's a description of what it feels like to sit through the movie.
...not the disaster that some called it after it screened at the Toronto International Film Festival, but it does suffer in comparison to Reitman's finest work
With four fresh and funny pictures under his belt, it's proving to be extremely difficult to accept the fact that Jason Reitman is the one behind the colorless, humorless and utterly predictable Labor Day.
Surprises and impresses as a defiant romance. And a woman once solely valued as a mother, a convict whose guilt confounds with unsettling gray areas and a child finding a surrogate father, give 'birth' to a greater nontraditional family emotional truth.
Reitman's adaptation is thorough and complete, in that he retains some of the key textures and emotional backstories which form the principal characters, enriching the film as well as our experience of it
There should be more directors like Jason Reitman - he manages to take a premise and flesh it out in such a rich way, that we become totally engrossed in its reality and characters
Labor Day is a sincere and earnest attempt to get at the deeper meaning of a rather soapy premise; unfortunately, the movie is only partially successful in its quest.
Between longing stares and the most incestually erotic peach pie baking ever seen, we get what amounts to a Lifetime TV movie with bigger stars and a better production value.
Building a plausible love story between an escaped convict and a lonely, depressed single mother at whose house he hides would seem to require delicate, nuanced storytelling. Labor Day hits us with a rolling pin.
...lapses of logic abound in a movie that probably should have debuted on some romance-inspired cable-TV network.
Reitman may have some other winners under his belt, but this effort is a waste.
The movie lacks the tension it desperately wants to provide, and is loaded with too many plot flaws that sabotage the story.
This sensual romance between Prison Biscuits Brolin and Lady Nightgown nearly succeeds in making an enjoyable Nicholas Sparks movie until an ending so saccharine it'd make a hummingbird puke.
The story unfolds with an earnestness so implacable that on the rare occasions when a bit of humor sneaks into the proceedings it feels like an uninvited party guest.
And you thought The Hobbit was a fantasy.
Maybe Reitman felt the flashbacks gave Labor Day art-house or Oscar cred, but it falls somewhere in between. Heavy atmospherics do not a picture make, and brooding can't mask ambiguity.
It's hard to take any of this nonsense seriously. And if you did, you'd start wondering about the message.
Labor Day could have been a beautiful love story. It also could have been a tense thriller. Trying to be both makes it tonally tricky and not an easy movie to love.
Few things are as exciting as watching a filmmaker move outside of a well-established comfort zone, and Labor Day serves as proof that Jason Reitman is an ambitious director, as well as a true talent.
... deals with some weighty issues such as severe depression, single parenting and the effects of divorce on children, but tends to trivialize them in favor of plot devices.
The caliber of acting keeps us interested longer than maybe we should, but ultimately "Labor Day" never has the feel of a Jason Reitman film.
Loving shots of food baking make me think that Reitman could direct a cooking show and make it interesting...and if material keeps coming along like what he wrote in "Labor Day", that's not a bad alternative.
I'd like to think that one day, Reitman will be able to look back at this film and laugh at his mistakes and miscalculations. For now, we'll just have to do the laughing for him.
Seriously good acting and Labor Day is a reasonable 111-minutes. However a draggy plot with nowhere fresh to go turns Labor Day into Belabor Day.
Uneven melodrama with confusing messages about love.
Labor Day is like a pie with no crust. The filling is good, but it just doesn't hold together.
Engagingly sappy.
There's a sincere and honest mother-son bond that exists between Griffith and Winslet. And, in fact, the trio have a nice chemistry and make for an appealing screen family. Whether you choose to believe it, though, is another matter.
Tension and sensuality work in otherwise obvious tale
Never less that watchable, but strains credibility
Labor Day is a chest-swelling melodrama that will cause ice cream sales to soar when it debuts on the Oprah Winfrey Network.... Reitman delivers a two-tissue examination of what happens when the Stockholm syndrome goes right.
To nitpick the details means that you'll overlook (and miss out on) some poetic observations about family, the father figure, small-town dynamics and the natural force of the human touch.
A subtly acted and directed film about a woman's mid-life renaissance, with lots of sluggish emoting, poeticized sunlight and an air of droopy co-dependency.
Nothing against Kate Winslet, Josh Brolin and director Jason Reitman - top talents all - but my goodwill drowned while trying to swallow this treacly cocktail of romantic swill.
This is one romance that did not flourish and you can save a pretty penny by not seeing it.
Reitman usually has a sharp focus and a clear, almost satirical voice. Maybe that's why his wandering around in a sun-dappled New England melodrama feels so disjointed and unnatural.
Mush [that] comes with an unappetizing side order of condescension and contempt.
What 'Knocked Up' did for pudgy slacker potheads, 'Labor Day' is now doing for escaped convicts.
It's so terrible it's amazing.
Labor Day is the sort of movie where the characters are all extremely watchful: They shoot worried glances at each other but don't demonstrate much good sense.
It's hard to tell what Reitman-who also wrote the script, based on the novel by Joyce Maynard-intended here.
Simply put, I didn't buy any of this melodramatic hokum. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
The movie is careful to avoid amusing us in any way, and it has the soft, gooey heart of a Hallmark valentine.
If you like bizarre, confusing tonal shifts wrapped around a sloppy, never-believable-for-a-minute story, look no further than Labor Day.
The escaped convict is a decent guy because he makes a tasty peach pie (and looks like Josh Brolin)?
It is a yarn. But it's so full of passion, poetry, and humor that it becomes, for the time, quite real.
While "Labor Day" isn't the stuff of blockbusters, or Oscar juggernauts, it is a simple, adult romance, made for grownups by grownups, about love and second chances.
With Labor Day, Reitman diverges from everything we've ever known him for, and while change can be a good thing for some, unfortunately it doesn't help him crawl out of the slump his career has taken.
Reitman loves to give us characters we think we know and then show us we don't know them at all.
A film obsessed with extracting emotion by any means necessary, and Reitman is willing to forsake plot, characters, and common sense for those itty bitty tear drops
Labor Day is too often stifling rather than steamy, and a lot of that, curiously, has to do with the way people talk.
A placental mess of romantic schmaltz, 1970s period nostalgia and dubious bondage fantasy, Labor Day does not work the soft, hazy magic its director so earnestly intended.
This hostage drama swiftly degenerates into a gauzy wish fulfillment about two outsiders finding each other in a love that must overcome boundaries, separation and time.
Suddenly Labor Day is not a movie but a Harlequin book cover, and Frank is a felonious Fabio.
As plodding as it is implausible, the sort of film that begins as a slow burn, but never truly catches fire.
In compressing Maynard's deeply internal book into the necessarily visual film format, Reitman strips the story of nearly all of the book's barely repressed sexual heat, and hence most of its impact.
It's essentially a trashy romance novel disguised as an Oscar prestige movie - the kind of story that sets back feminism several decades.
"Labor Day" seems designed for the crowd that devours Nicholas Sparks's romantic daydreams.
Both too much and not enough.
Labor Day feels like a belabored, sappy slog.
The entire last third of the film involves so many bad decisions-no, not just bad, catastrophically imbecilic-that we lose our sympathy for just about everyone involved.
How can someone as gifted as Jason Reitman craft such unadulterated pap as this?
It's difficult to believe a word of "Labor Day," but then again you don't have to in order to luxuriate in Winslet and Brolin's bubbling, steaming chemistry.
It treads on the same treacly territory as the worst of Nicholas Sparks, and features a stunning lack of urgency that leaves the film as dull as it is preposterous.
The kind of movie that turns clarity into stultification; everything is perfectly clear and almost everything-pie-making excepted-is perfectly lifeless.
The movie's a very somber affair, but if you see it in a disrespectful frame of mind, it's the guilty-pleasure hoot of the season.
You know a movie is in trouble when you spend most of its running time wondering why on Earth the director wanted to make it.
"Labor Day" is a generic slab of escapist romantic Velveeta from, of all people, sharp-witted Jason Reitman.
Rolfe Kent's beautiful score, all tense undercurrents with gentle top notes, hints at what might have been.
Winslet hasn't been this ill-used since Alan Parker's death penalty howler 'The Life of David Gale,' or maybe even 'A Kid in King Arthur's Court.'
The romance develops so suddenly (note the three-day weekend of the title) that we never quite believe it, and several murky flashbacks suggest a twist that never satisfactorily arrives.
"Labor Day" is a film of many faults. Yet even if we never fully believe in Adele and Frank, we end up caring about them, and that's some kind of achievement.
With no leavening agents to lighten the mood, the recipe suffers from a tacky texture and sticky residue of melodrama.
The erratic drama is best enjoyed for its camp value. There are some unintentionally funny moments in the "nobody puts Baby in a corner" league.
Nonetheless, Labor Day, adapted from Joyce Maynard's novel, gets hamstrung by having the wrong character acting as our voice-over guide into this world.
Even as a bodice-ripping fantasy it's pretty compelling: Winslet knows how to play hunger, Brolin is handsome and sincere, and writer-director Jason Reitman shows a none-too-common restraint in never showing the characters in bed.
Labor Day courts descriptors like "subtle," "mature," and "restrained," but the consequence of that is lifelessness, the absence of energy in the name of good taste. It's dead on arrival, leaving a beautiful corpse.
The tortured yet growing familial relations, explanatory flashbacks, and too swiftly moving story shouldn't really work. Somehow they all do, and the whole is even more than the sum of the parts.
This confounding film might be too roughly textured for mass consumption, but for audiences who aren't bound by expectations, the labor of chewing it over will be rewarded.
"Labor Day" suffers from the age-old plot-line that a crestfallen woman is seemingly emotionally paralyzed and incapable of helping herself until Prince Charming comes to the rescue.
Writer/director Jason Reitman continues his string of first-rate filmmaking.
Comfort food filmmaking with a few rough edges, ideal for those who prefer to get lost at the movies, discovering strange sensuality and sturdily built drama.
A plodding, mushy melodrama in Nicholas Sparks mode [that] might have been a labor of love for Reitman, but for the audience is just laborious.
We're left with some first-rate actors doing what they can to fill every sensually fraught glance with trace elements of human character.
The credits say "Labor Day" was written and directed by Jason Reitman from Joyce Maynard's novel. But that must be a mistake, because surely this is a Nicholas Sparks movie?
Even if you're a fan of the actors, it's a wait-for-the-DVD movie.
Today on 'Lonely Single Mom Fantasies' ...
A laughably precise, even parodic, archetype of a fantasy male...[and an] offensive stereotype of a female basket case who, more than anything, needs a strong man, preferably a bad-boy hunk with an easy touch for her and a slow hand for a Swiffer.
It's a mostly colorless weepie, aiming for the mythic power of a Great American Novel, but achieving dramatic vagueness instead.
Ever wonder what one of those Lifetime weepers would look like with a bigger budget and more talent?
A wrenching, riveting and richly rewarding experience at the movies.
It's hard not to feel that this movie could have been so much better than it turned out.
Promising pedigree aside, this nonsensical romance's a laborious entertainment.
Reitman ... has made a film that is unapologetic in its aim to rip your heart from your chest. And "Labor Day" does just that. Resistance is futile.
While it's nice to see Reitman try to branch out from the hip, acerbic humor of "Juno" and "Young Adult," his clumsiness with this more earnest material is an unpleasant surprise.
There's no burger phone, but Reitman makes up for it with the most patently absurd baking sequence you'll ever see.
The two leads do what they can with the sentimental material; it's almost a miracle that neither turns red with embarrassment (though this isn't going first on their clip reels).
[VIDEO ESSAY] There are so many weird strains of tone-deaf subtext running through "Labor Day" that you have to accept the movie for what it is, a poorly written movie based on a poorly written novel.
A gooey nostalgic look back at that time a young boy's mom fell in love with their kidnapper, presented under a sexy sweltering summer haze.
"The Prisons of Madison County" or "Eat, Pray, Roll Your Eyes."
Reitman never winks at the melodrama of the romance. Nor does he overdo it...not without its flaws, but if you let yourself get caught up in it, you won't be sorry you did.
A risible, sun-kissed melodrama that is so ridiculously far-fetched, it would bring a blush to the cheeks of Nicholas Sparks.
It looks swell, and Winslet adds another portrait of pained watchfulness to her gallery of suffering heroines, but the result feels like a richly implausible dream disguised as a soulful drama.
Labor Day aims to convince us we all have 2nd chances at happiness, and someday a sultry stranger will walk into our kitchen and cause us to re-experience an erotic bliss we thought we were no longer capable of achieving after binding us to a chair.
The most impressively cultivated tension director Jason Reitman's made to date.
For the truth is, despite all of its emotional excesses, Labor Day works -- thanks to director Reitman, who's fast becoming known as a "woman's director," and who elicits a deeply sincere and moving performance from Kate Winslet...
This playing of unimaginable course changes and decision-making during a weekend in the crosshairs of life or death, of the need for meaningful contact, is a spellbinding piece of literary art.
If you can get past the past, which I recommend, what is left is a lovely, intimate film about longing and love.
The plot of Labor Day would make a great Upworthy article. Let me suggest a title: "I Never Thought I'd Want My Mom to Love a Murderer Until I Met This Bloody Hunk."
A better film would have had the gumption to maintain the poetic bleakness, rather than steer toward what ultimately feels like safe compromise.
The story of three lonely and vulnerable people who forge their own improvised family over a five-day period.
If Labor Day teaches us anything, it's that the line between a prestige-soaked year-end awards bait movie and a Lifetime original with a title like My Captor! My Lover! is blurry at best.
Too full of studio additives and overcooked.
The film-making has a lyrical quality more in keeping with Terrence Malick's Tree of Life movies than Harlequin romances.
...Labor Day stands as an intriguing (and promising) first step in an entirely new direction for the Juno and Young Adult filmmaker.
Wherever he seemed to be headed after Up in the Air and Young Adult, it's a shame to see him responsible for a movie so flavorless and that makes so little sense.
Suggests the experience of being pelted with a thousand supermarket paperbacks at once.
Winslet settles for another of the mannered, Important Actor performances she's been giving in movies like The Reader and Revolutionary Road, and Reitman doesn't do anything to snap her out of it.
I'm all for sincerity in filmmaking, but the quality that has defined Reitman's best movies - Up in the Air, Juno, and Thank You For Smoking - is audacity, and he really needs to get that back.
It's impossible to watch this film without thinking "aw, man, give me a break."
Eliciting strong performances is probably Reitman's greatest directorial strength, and it's the performances that make this contrived melodrama worth watching.
This unexpected directorial about-face is what Reitman needed to demonstrate that he's a director with true emotional maturity.
A sweeping, romantic change-of-pace for director Jason Reitman.
Reitman must be aware of the potential for innuendo, and the leap of faith such earnestness asks of its audience. He dares us to care.
There's craft, care and sensitivity in every frame of Labor Day, so why does the movie feel so counterfeit? It's a puzzle.
Jason Reitman has established himself as a modern great of being consistently good, and Labor Day gives him room for the kind of leg stretching and boundary pushing that make it his most promising film to date.
Labor Day is Reitman's most accomplished, mature, and emotional work yet.
A mature and assured examination of an unusual but highly functional family unit.
[A] small-scale gem.
Winslet, in particular, should garner some award consideration for her turn as a woman so beaten down by life she can barely hold a pen without shaking uncontrollably.
A nuanced, superbly acted love story with a most unusual genesis.
A full-immersion exercise in the old-fashioned women's weepie that skews far closer to Nicholas Sparks' brand of contrivance than Diablo Cody territory.
Reitman is assisted by another strong performance by Winslet who once again proves she might be the second best living actress on the planet after Meryl Streep.
To the extent that Adele's hunger for affection resonates with audiences, what emerges is a powerful -- if implausible -- romance.
Labor Day manages to avoid grand gestures to a large degree because of its cast. Both Winslet and Brolin initially come across as noticeably stilted, but with time their restraint speaks volumes about the sadness haunting both characters.
As consistently assured a piece of filmmaking as any we've seen from Reitman.
Reitman feels the need to amp up the drama, and unloads a honking dump of backstory that's contrived and maudlin in a mode that I had thought was the exclusive province of Nicholas Sparks.
Reitman takes us on a ride that never flags and often surprises with real emotion.
It's an incredible step in a different direction for the 35-year-old director.

@highlight

Kate Winslet and Josh Brolin make for an undeniably compelling pair, but they can't quite rescue Labor Day from the pallid melodrama of its exceedingly ill-advised plot.