Syriana is an American movie that reaches out beyond itself. Watching it made me feel hopeful -- a rare sensation in a cinema.
... If you can avoid getting too hung up on the details, Syriana is a brave attempt to blitz the goody-baddy dynamics of cold-war film-making and concentrate on the ambiguities of modern geopolitics.
A skeleton of theme minus the meat of resonance
A film that treats its audience as adults, this is an extremely rewarding work that handsomely pays off the concentration required to watch it.
This is intelligent, committed, and politically provocative, though its narrative puzzle box may prompt you to throw up your hands and let ExxonMobil go on running the world.
You didn't understand all of it? It went by too fast to take it all in? There was too much information to mentally digest? Yeah, well, that was kind of the point.
Its dark, dog-eat-dog vision of the world we live in may give you geopolitical nightmares.
Probes a significant subject but treats its people as mere stick figures carrying exposition from place to place.
Preferring probing questions to pat solutions, the film drills deep in its exploration of the US's ventures, both economic and military, in the Middle East.
The most troublesome part of Syriana is that the movie is, in fact, so easy to believe.
Gaghan kapitulira pred holivudskim konvencijama te film zaklju%u010Duje spektakularnom, ali banalnom i krajnje neuvjerljivom zavr%u0161nicom
Politically-paranoid, if well-intentioned, this disjointed message movie doesn't really do much more than indict the usual suspects.
In addition to the performances there's a wealth of memorable detail.
This is neither realism nor tragedy. It's cynicism, which exposes itself most nakedly in Damon's addresses to the Arab characters, and in Gaghan's own portrayal of them.
Interesting and worth watching, despite the fact that complete comprehension of the film seems just beyond the reach of the viewer.
It's entirely possible that Gaghan just isn't an actor's director.
The disorientation is purely cosmetic.
[K]eeps you on a teeter-totter of emotion... it leaves you with a sense of falling that is entirely unsettling.
If there is any lesson the makers of Syriana want us to absorb, it is that we should trust no one where power and money are concerned.
Syriana really makes viewers work to try to understand the complexities involved in protecting (or resisting) U.S. interests in the Middle East.
No one-sentence synopsis is possible, but here's a stab: A bunch of people, played by George Clooney, Matt Damon, Jeffrey Wright, Christopher Plummer and others, stalk around looking serious and doing stuff.
Demanding, even confusing at times, this is required viewing that requires your full attention.
Un tenso e interesante thriller político, si bien abrumador y por momentos confuso, sobre tema actual, con destacada labor de George Clooney.
There is a weird absence of both dramatic heat and political light here.
[Syriana] fulfils all the key criteria of a decent political thriller - it'll make you angry, it'll make you think and it'll scare the hell out of you.
Gaghan piles one storyline on another but is only interested in suggesting where they trend, working like a (cynical) editorialist who has made up a few examples to support his views.
Adept at delivering macro and micro perspectives without moralism or conviction.
You'll come away exhausted, but also exhilarated.
.
Syriana is a terrific movie, sprawling in its story, chilling in its implications, but you may need a whiteboard and marker to follow it.
This is a film that warrants your attention. A potent and intelligent film that informs as well as entertains, Syriana is the starting point for an intense and lengthy conversation.
Longe de representar uma experiência emocional, o longa exige dedicação ao espectador - e se você estiver disposto(a) a mergulhar na discussão será fartamente recompensado(a).
Stephen Gaghan signe une %u0153uvre nécessaire qui arrive au bon moment pour agrémenter un débat sans que cela ne paraisse trop opportuniste.
A well-meaning, yet meandering and confusing political thriller.
Oil, war, global capitalism -- it's just not simple. It is by nature hard to understand. This picture gives you a sense of that complexity while it compels. Nice work.
A bleak and powerful movie, made all the more sobering by how much of it isn't fiction.
I'm not afraid to say that I just don't get what all the fuss is about.
Syriana impresses, not because it is very moving, which it isn't, or because it is crystal clear, which it also isn't, but because it is so large, so encompassing, so seemingly privy to inside stuff.
If you want a movie that answers all your questions, try "Revenge of the Sith." If you want a movie that questions all your answers, try this one.
A potent legend of modern international relations.
Syriana demands patience to see how the pieces come together in a fascinating mosaic of politics, capitalism, and corruption.
Didactic and muddled to the point of incoherence.
Syriana reminds us that movies can be about ideas and that the challenge of a complex plot can be invigorating ...
It falls short of its high goals, but achieves much more than less ambitious films.
The movie's shaky cam visuals appropriate the look of nightly news reports, and that's symptomatic of Gaghan's failure to give his polemic a soul.
I did not understand a good deal of this film, and as a result, I found it nearly impossible to get engaged with the elements I did understand and I was unsurprised by many of the revelations purportedly sprung by this movie.
There are few movies released by major studios these days possessed with as much intelligence and purpose as Gaghan's.
The film throws so much information at you so quickly and so relentlessly that it's easy to become overwhelmed and confused.
The cinematic equivalent of a sound bite.
The film spooks you: you have to give it that, and it makes a powerful case, if only by default, that we've already lost our mutual endgame with capital and treachery.
In movies I am always holding out for a hero. In this one, none appeared.
Overly ambitious and too complicated.
Rips its motivations from the front pages of our daily newspapers, blurring the line between reality and fiction with credible subplots and believable twists.
...not always easy to follow. Luckily, the execution is good enough to hold attention even when confusing.
Rich, complex, multilayered and by turns maddening and depressing, Syriana emerges as one of the best films of the year.
All you need to know is everyone is a bad guy in one way or another, they all want money and/or power, and they'll do anything to get it.
It has a lot on its mind, and is not afraid to speak. So much so, in fact, that it should serve as a good crash-course in international energy affairs for those unfamiliar with the subject.
One of the year's more compelling and better films.
A film about going home and being good to your kids.
Syriana is so powerful, so audacious in its commentary the fact some of it doesn't snap together or that a few of the layers are left hanging doesn't end up mattering anywhere near as much as it should.
If you're looking for a feel-good move to get you into the holiday spirit%u2026 This isn't it.
The stories are all densely packed with detail and convincingly told.
It is a mesmerizing global economic and civics thriller that will - or should - start you thinking everytime you turn the ignition in your car.
If you enjoy complicated plots, you'll certainly get your money's worth at Syriana.
Gaghan, bless him, doesn't believe in dumbing things down
Takes the risk of losing its audience by interweaving four different storylines.
Gaghan advances the cast-of-too-many-characters in Stratego fashion, methodically moving them across a board riddled with oil-industry intrigues until they finally converge in the drama's explosive climax.
One of the most exciting movies of the year.
[A] complex, occasionally riveting film that may fulfill Gaghan's purpose ... but will leave many viewers wondering what just happened.
Not all of the stories on display here are as relevant or interesting as others.
They're all pawns of the oil industry -- or rather, they're pawns of director Stephen Gaghan.
The plots are not so much carefully interwoven as they are frantically blended, like a dubious cocktail whose true ingredients the bartender would like to hide.
While 'Syriana' takes much of its inspiration from current headlines, its greatest strength is not in how it reminds viewers of what they can see on a cable news channel but in how it can make its participants become convincingly human.
Some movies have everything going for them, except that little extra 'oomph'.
Watch closely and listen carefully during Syriana because Stephen Gaghan's movie is that rarity: a thinking person's drama.
It's hard to get passionately swept away by a movie when you're struggling continually to figure out who's doing what to whom and why.
The movie isn't terrible, many details are vivid, yet the depth is all sheen and display. It has some tough truths at heart, but its brain is a blurof fast cards dealt by an insecure croupier.
An occasionally incomprehensible work that still manages to be captivating and consistently watchable.
A political thriller should have a little mystery to it, but Syriana, while certainly noble in its ambition, is too indecipherable to add up to a great or even good movie.
Syriana is a challenging, thought-provoking work about the downward spiral of oil dependence throughout the world. It's just the thing to make you consider a hybrid for your garage or solar panels for your roof.
Its narrative becomes clear enough in time, and along the way it gives the viewer the delightfully unfamiliar feeling (in prefab Hollywood) of being completely off balance.
Gaghan asks us to piece together the story from the evidence onscreen, making the film almost an exercise in participatory investigative journalism.
Syriana is complex, engrossing, involving and depressing. Difficult to absorb, it is also difficult to accept, and it is one of the best films of 2005.
What makes Syriana a kick isn't that it merely builds a complex web, but that it does it so well.
It's serious and scathing, and it seems to think that because it displays those characteristics that it should get some sort of pass when it comes to cogent story telling.
Syriana is a chillingly plausible bit of paranoia.
This is a great film from top to bottom and I can't recommend it more for the thoughtful movie fan. It's a great ensemble piece and a profound reflection of our own scary reality.
Syriana coolly dissects a system of duplicity, chicanery and corruption that has been in play for several decades now, and examines the consequences that it has borne.
Syriana is an ambitious edifice, built with conviction and skill. But I'm not sure I understand it, and I'm not sure I care.
A purposely jagged and harsh news story of a film, Syriana attempts to take on the powers that run the world and for the most part it succeeds.
It forces you to intently watch and listen and ask questions, something that in the past six years has been skillfully portrayed as an unpatriotic response to an increasingly complex international scenario.
A gorgeous, well-acted (by a gaggle of successful directors, in Clooney, Tim Blake Nelson, and Thomas McCarthy), Soderbergh-y undertaking, but it's going to go over like a fart in church.
[Syriana] has what lots of great thrillers have, a sense that it knows things we don't, that even the most skeptical of us may be a little naive about the ways of the world.
Syriana is a fascinating movie -- and a substantive and thought-provoking one -- but it does not necessarily attain greatness.
Intelligent, political, incensed, timely, and appropriately cynical.
An intelligent dissection of the business, politics, emotions and conspiracies of the global oil industry that edifies as much as it entertains.
Du cinéma intelligent pour spectateurs intelligents.
However it's Clooney's performance that will stick with you... One wishes his story was the focus of the film instead of one thread among many.
As he did in Traffic, Gaghan intertwines his disparate subplots with impeccable pacing -- his screenplay is a model of how to arrange scenes so that each one ends leaving you wanting to know more.
A whirlwind of ambition and outrage.
It has all the pedigree of classic political picture, yet all the dramatic urgency of a C-SPAN afternoon.
this movie could be the one where Clooney finally gets his due.
Its story line is populated with so many characters and meaningless names that it's nearly impossible to follow, and its author's message doesn't amount to much more than a cry of despair.
Your enjoyment of this movie will be in direct proportion to your patience. If you can stand not knowing everything right now and wait for the story's threads to weave into a rug, Syriana makes for an engaging time.
I'm giving the film a 'recommended' grade because it's well-shot and convincingly acted, and because I think there are things lurking in it that would emerge with a second viewing.
The problem with Syriana is not that it lacks good elements, but that it has no idea how them shape them into a comprehensible story.
Mr. Gaghan doesn't insult our intelligence, but he demands our attention. If you're up to those demands, you'll be rewarded.
Syriana is an endlessly fascinating movie about oil and money, America and China, traders and spies, the Gulf States and Texas, reform and revenge, bribery and betrayal.
Untangle the Gordian knot at the heart of Syriana and you find a riveting drama of succession.
What's so powerful about the film is the rich stories it tells and how it leads them like so many human tributaries to one black, bubbling source.
Syriana is a caustic and cynical political thriller with a plot that occasionally confuses but a message that leaves no room for misinterpretation.
Whether you follow the oil or the money, as drama Syriana is a dry well.
Syriana is like a position paper, and scenes that should pull us in fall flat.
You keep straining to understand the bits and pieces of information that you can make out, but it still adds up to a lot less than the sum of its parts.
Syriana is an awards-season message in search of a movie.
The film's weary, politically wary vibe sticks with you.
A gripping and daringly complex movie about How Things Get Done these days in the blood-drenched world of oil, politics and religion.
I suppose if I created a flow chart of characters and devoted a few solid hours to it, I could make some sense of ... `Syriana.'
Maybe they should give editor Tim Squyres something - if not an Oscar, then antacid tablets.
Gaghan's script wisely sticks to the human story as things twist and turn.
The performances have an unforced swagger that defies the limited parameters of the characters themselves (nobody gets a lot of screen time, not even the famously bulked-up George Clooney), and Gaghan's ear for real-world dialogue is almost peerless.
There's a brilliant piece of pulp buried somewhere beneath the speechifying... but still, Syriana's anger is invigorating.
This is how agenda filmmaking is supposed to work: respecting its audience enough to stimulate their minds, rather than telling them what to think.
It's intelligent agitprop, a stimulating fireball that deserves to be the center of water-cooler conversation.
Convoluted, disjointed and extremely dull...amounts to a bunch of ciphers having esoteric conversations about who knows what.
Though never a fan of Mr. Clooney onscreen, I doff my hat to him for checking his vanity at the door and trying to make movies with more significance than the weekend grosses in Variety.
The result is both winning and problematic, though the positives sufficiently outweigh the negatives to make the result well worthwhile.
For all of the movie's flaws, I still have an enormous respect for Syriana and all of the work that into it.
Certain to be on Osama Bin Laden's top ten best list of 2005.
...despite exceptional pacing it's so convoluted it is incomprehensible, except for George Clooney's message about America being the bad guy in the world.
Stephen Gaghan pulls it off by presenting an interesting menagerie of characters, a myriad of locations and a screenplay that overestimates rather than underestimates the audience's intelligence.
Syriana best movie of the year
Skillfully woven together and continually suspenseful.
Admirably serious but untidy, excessively schematic and more than slightly self-important...its higher ambition is enough to make it mildly recommendable.
Cloaking Oliver Stone-like message mongering with Tarantino film techniques, Gaghan preaches well known leftist political tomes
...about as timely and captivating as modern issue-related cinema is likely to ever get.
One can say of Mr. Gaghan, Mr. Soderbergh and Mr. Clooney that their heads may be in the right place in Syriana, but their hearts are not much in evidence as far as any emotional investment in their characters is concerned.
Syriana is that rarest of animals -- the star-laden studio release that's all steak, no sizzle.
The standout of this already brilliant bunch of actors is Alexander Siddig, who before this starred in Star Trek: Deep Space Nine.
...manages to take one of the hottest and most controversial topics in the world and turn it into a convoluted snooze fest. Color me shocked.
It's a strange movie, and a stunningly pessimistic one, and the strangeness and pessimism connect it (in my mind, at least) to other recent American films in ways that suggest that something unhappy in the national mood has crept into the movies.
Syriana is a dense, layered film that is essentially this season's broccoli %u2013 it's good for you, and when prepared right (as Gaghan has), tasty.
The thematic temperature of "Syriana" runs hot and doesn't waste a single second of film time.
Gaghan comes on like a heavyweight, but he's wearing kid gloves.
This is propaganda. There's no doubt about that. It's also very well done, there's no doubt about that either.
A powerful political thriller, striking a resonating chord with the oil-connected news that unfolds every day.
Frustrated, the sons adapt to the cruel, fanatical, and radically individual politics of their moment.
The various storylines are hard to follow.., the narrative momentum dissolves in the confusion, and the multiplicity of characters means that none of them...is more than two dimensional.
It's a troubling vision of how terrorism and 'martyrdom' occur on both sides of this ghostly war, and is both perpetrated and facilitated by the very forces enlisted to stop it.
It leaves us gasping for air, scratching our heads and wondering if we've seen something truly important or something that just thinks it is. But at least it leaves us thinking.
In some ways, we're the protagonist, and when the strands coalesce in the last hour and we glimpse the bigger picture, Syriana finally eats into the mind.
A crisply acted and occasionally exciting ensemble film undone by murky plotting and thin character development.
The stars are all good here ... (and they're aided by supporting work from dependable performers such as Chris Cooper, William Hurt and Christopher Plummer) and Clooney -- and his story -- really shines.
A complex, intriguing narrative about oil, terrorism, money and power.
Hugely ambitious, excellently acted and very challenging.
The presence of George Clooney, Matt Damon and other fine actors helps you ignore your sense of descending ignorance as the movie unfolds. And the ending, when you think about it for a few days, does add up.
While it sounds glib to say that Syriana is educational at its best, I mean that as sincere praise.
Seldom have form, content and cultural sensibility been so excitably aligned as in this fascinating, exasperating film about the unholy marriage of power politics and global business.
Combine grandiose writing and insistent directing, and you get a film that pretends to tell you more than it does.
A gripping thriller, a labyrinth of parallel plots, a moral message movie and a brutally realistic action picture.
Syriana isn't the perfect guide, but its torch probes the darkness further than most and shines brightly enough that blindness can no longer can be our excuse.
Syriana has a lot of big, important things to say about big, important things, and it says them with a sense of urgency.
There's definitely some black gold here, but this film didn't quite refine it.
In the end it doesn't move you to action, and for activist cinema, that lack of energizing fervor is a bit of a problem, the longest yard between something good and something great.
An earnest flop
Stephen Gaghan doesn't try to explain everything that is going on, allowing the viewer to decide who is good, bad or in shades of gray.
It's intimidatingly intelligent, definitely not a time-waster, and challenges the viewer to keep up. But mashing in so many stories also serves to weaken the film as a whole.
Unlike The Constant Gardener, which turned on the nexus of A Good Woman's Love, Syriana is eventually a movie about moral compromise.
Damon again getting Gerry'ed out in the middle of nowhere encapsulates Gaghan's wandering around an issue that should leave us with something more substantial than one man trying to make sense of what just happened.
Syriana does for the oil industry what Traffic did for the drug trade.
a fitfully engrossing and overreaching film that is both somehow too much and yet not enough.
Thought-provoking and unnerving, emotionally engaging and intellectually stimulating.
A fearless and ambitious piece of work, made with equal parts passion and calculation, an unapologetically entertaining major studio release with compelling real-world relevance, a film that takes numerous risks and thrives on them all.
A firebomb heaved at the short-term thinking of amoral US interference in global affairs, but as a film it lacks clarity and fires in too many directions at once.
[A]n engrossing, insider's tour of the world's hottest spots, grandest schemes and most dangerous men.
...a sobering reflection of our post 9/11 world and how efforts to control natural energy resources have far reaching and disastrous effects.
The movie may be too knowing for its own good, but it's not glib and it never goes cheesy.
It's a wake-up call. In today's environment, it's a rare thing to find a movie with interesting characters in dense, intelligent storylines, but that's what Syriana offers.
Somehow, the movie convinces you, through its strengths of characterization and atmosphere, that it's showing a little of how the world really works -- and that the world's dark machinations are every bit as sordid and pitiless as your worst suspicions.
I'm still waiting to see the film that was advertised in its great trailer. As actually released, the movie is completely dead. ... One of the worst films of the year.
It has big ideas, but no pulse.
Too many characters. This story, like Lord of the Rings, is better told as a 6-hour package divided into three films.
This is a cynical but undoubtedly accurate portrayal of the inner workings of international politics, where white-shoe lawyers and oil executives can be nearly as ruthless as the CIA hit men and missile-toting rebels.
What Syriana feels like is a television miniseries condensed into two hours.
The richness of detail is immense.
One of the best films of the year reveals the violence, the corruption, and the political chicanery involved in maintaining our addiction to fossil fuels.
Jamming too much into its 2 hours, pursuers of truth and controversy on film may well erect a statue to Clooney for bringing such material to us in an unadorned package.
Far more ambitious and complex than Traffic, Syriana is a political film that approximates reportage journalism rather than an epic or a thriller on the global oil industry and Islamic terrorism, and as such it should generate debate.
No dry civics lesson, this fighting-mad film isn't just hot, it's incendiary. And no one gets off the hook. You see it with the exhilarating feeling that a movie can make a difference.








@highlight

Ambitious, complicated, intellectual, and demanding of its audience, Syriana is both a gripping geopolitical thriller and wake-up call to the complacent.