The terror was raw and real - all the more so because it was so understated.
Despite the scares, the film soon becomes repetitive... simply not enough happens. That's a shame, because Paranormal Activity is at times extremely innovative.
A movie that makes you feel this vulnerable comes along once in a long while.
Though it's slow in the beginning, the ending will leave you terrified and foaming at the mouth for a sequel.
A fresh coat of paint applied to an impressively old-fashioned ghost story.
For extended sections, this movie is very scary. My frequent self-preserving glimpses away from the screen, just to catch my breath, can confirm that.
Fun as a communal experience in a crowded theater. Scary? Not that often.
Peli teases the audience expertly. Scenes remain silent and still; not for long, but long enough to make you sweat. The terror of anticipation and its abrupt release, particularly in the final scene, is exhilarating.
It'll take quite some time to recover before you can sleep soundly without wondering if you're really alone in the room.
A suburban couple mess with dark spirits in the effective low budget chiller.
Oren Peli in his feature debut has a few jolts in store, and the natural performances of the cast and the aura of reality provided by the video format keep the tension high.
Paranormal Activity isn't an actor's film per se, but it wouldn't be as eerily effective without Featherston and Sloat's believable, lived in performances.
It's a good try.
I'd rank being stuck in a big quiet house at night as one of life's most easily unnerving experiences, and this movie capitalizes on it.
... a fairly satisfying piece of filmmaking and an overhyped piece of cult marketing.
Authentically unnerving, exploiting basic fears with flashes of real brilliance and creating something that lingers long in the memory -- and definitely will come back to haunt you in the dark of night.
The climax is deliciously scary, and Peli gets considerable mileage from the simple matter of lights inexplicably going on in another room.
It illustrates one of my favorite points, that silence and waiting can be more entertaining than frantic fast-cutting and berserk f/x. For extended periods here, nothing at all is happening, and believe me, you won't be bored.
It's not the scariest movie I have ever seen, but it's probably the most efficient and insidious. The noises in my house never seemed so loud or inexplicable as they do after seeing this. It's a great scary treat and the filmmakers should be rewarded wi
Paranormal Activity boasts some scary moments, sure, but the movie cannot live up to its own hype . . .
full review at Movies for the Masses
Extremely unthrilling, very obvious, very clichéd. We've seen it all before.
When the object of the hype turns out to be as lame as this film, the whole exercise becomes just another Hollywood con job.
Paranormal Activity is a remarkable achievement, but ultimately it's just not scary enough to be considered a horror classic.
It never really convinces on the demonic level. Yet it does partly succeed as a relationship movie.
Peli's film revives the honourable tradition of chills-by-suggestion, whereby what we don't see is far scarier than what we do.
Sem sentir necessidade de bombardear a platéia com efeitos visuais e sonoros o tempo inteiro, investe no silêncio e na sutileza para contar sua historinha simples, trocando os sustos corriqueiros por um constante e palpável estado de absoluta tensão.
From the changing relationship dynamics to the various reveals, this is a maestro fright flick at its shocking best. And if you're after a film that goes bump in the night, this is the one for you.
Demonstrates that when filmgoers decide they want to be scared, they will forgive absolutely anything -- bad acting, cheesy dialogue, poor camerawork, bad editing, unconvincing effects, incoherent storytelling -- for the sake of a good scare.
The young couple's (and our) exposure to the demonic forces at play in suburban San Diego is entirely believable and chillingly unforgettable.
A suitably suspenseful homemade haunted house creep show made on a low budget that is also a patience tester in need of a fast forward button.
If you know what's coming, it might just kill the effect. That said, going in blind will almost guarantee a genuinely chilling horror movie experience that should be seen at the cinema.
If you've spent any amount of time bemoaning the current state of horror films, slagging off Platinum Dunes remakes and mocking the CGI-and-tits tosh that passes for cineplex terror these days, you owe it to yourself to go and see this film.
One of the rare films that actually lives up to, and is deserving of, its considerable hype.
A couple may be desperate enough to place a camera on a tripod to record what goes bump in the night but the enforced recording of every other moment soon becomes a tiresome construct that turns the whole film into a wobbly home video with terrible sound.
The promise is to scare you out of your wits. Does it work? For me: no. To tell you the truth, I was bored, frustrated and nauseous from the terminally jerky hand-held camera
Its been called the scariest movie of all time. It's certainly not far off. Simple. Effective. Terrifying.
If Paranormal Activity is not quite as scary as the publicity would have us believe, it is at least witty, thought-provoking and -in a woozy, stark sort of way - beautiful.
An Amityville for the YouTube age: potent, primal and genuinely frightening.
It's this feeling of vulnerability that Peli's slow-burning supernatural chiller so effectively exploits, fashioning heart-stopping scares out of almost nothing.
Not since David Lynch's Lost Highway has a movie manipulated so skilfully the disturbing power of black screen space and the potential horror hidden within.
This ingenious and often genuinely frightening film is a digital mocu-real nightmare.
A conceptually tight and very efficient updating of the classic haunted-house genre.
This is still postmodern horror, but if nothing else Paranormal Activity proves that you don't need buckets of gore and a tacked on twist to send chills racing down audience spines.
The fear of the unknown and what may lurk in the dark shadows of your own home creates moments that set the heart racing in this subtle, understated little shocker.
Peli makes our identification with the 20something couple so complete, we're utterly caught up in the escalating terror.
Don't watch it alone or, if you're of a nervous disposition, don't watch it all.
Paranormal Activity trafficks in shadows and shivers yet is more malevolent than a dozen Hostels.
The film is adequately acted by its two young leads, but for this to be terrifying it would need an already hyped-up, excited audience, ready to jump at the smallest thing.
It takes a while to get going, but that only adds to the sheer terror of a horrifying final 20 minutes.
Paranormal Activity shows how little it takes for inventive filmmakers to do a lot.
Paranormal Activity sets out to please, to create a frisson that entertains as much as it scares. That's my kind of horror.
This will make you want to sleep with the lights on.
While this gimmicky movie creates a superb creep-out atmosphere, it's never actually very scary. There are a couple of good jolts, but the idea itself is more unsettling than any anxiety the filmmaker can generate.
A slow-paced and surprisingly restrained chiller that builds tension and works on the premise that less is more.
A creepy, unsettling little shocker, the premise of which is so simple aspiring film-makers the world over will be slapping themselves on the forehead for not thinking of it first.
Don't believe the hype. You'll enjoy it far more that way.
"Overrated, overhyped and so not scary." Paul Chambers, CNN.
It may not be particularly original in terms of content or style, but Oren Peli's decisively no-budget horror creates a surprisingly effective sense of dread.
The titular and sometimes distressing activity in Paranormal Activity serves as a mostly banal metaphor for the couples relationship.
It has a few good scares, but one has to sit through nearly 80 minutes of mind-numbing tedium before the payoff ...
Expect less and you will appreciate it more. The film isn't unique or even very well made. Peli only seems able to come up with HALF of a good idea throughout the film.
Paranormal Activity taps into our primal fears of the unknown to provide a procession of increasingly nervewracking and frenzied moments of terror. Cut off any distractions, glue your eyes and ears to the screen and prepare to be scared silly.
... creates a prison without bars that lets the audience experience the walls closing in along with the victims.
The same old thing dressed up in very slightly different clothes.
effectively scary
hat's interesting here is the way in which Peli consistently wrings deep-focused dread from a narrow hallway outside the couple's bedroom.
I think it's more fun and inventive than really frightening, but that's not to say it doesn't have a significant amount of creepy-crawly moments that are very, very effective.
The skeptics in us go to these things to see if we can really be scared --- and yikes, does "Paranormal Activity" deliver!
As the days progress we begin to notice a growing sense of terror, one that builds until the film's end.
A campfire story for the cyber generation, a bogey tale wrapped in time codes and misplaced faith in the power of technology to banish ghosties, ghoulies and long-leggedy beasties.
...the filmmaker's inability to draw the viewer into the unabashedly spare storyline is exacerbated by an almost egregiously uneventful opening half hour...
Oren Peli's low-budget debut Paranormal Activity is a terrifying ménage-à-trois involving a young couple, a demonic presence, and the camera that mediates between them.
A great addition to the Things That Go Bump In the Night movie canon.
Fun, creepy, unpretentious little haunted house rides like these are so hard to come by these days that slight overpraise is understandable.
Works better than it has any right to.
Though it never poses a question more abstract than "Where's that scratching sound coming from?" Paranormal Activity is all about spiritual and ethical debts coming due.
Proves that in a horror movie, often the less you see, the more intense the story.
There are few surprises in 'Paranormal Activity,' from its beginning to its ho-hum ending. But there are enough jolts in the night to keep you alert, and otherworldly intrusions that make the skin crawl.
There's more going on here than simple scares.
The time counter clicks away in the bottom right-hand corner of the screen, and you'll find your eyes clinging to it like a life preserver.
Whoa nelly, this is about the most frightening movie I've seen in a long time.
The suspense that's missing from so many horror films is there. It's a genuinely scary film -- and that's a rare thing to accomplish in front of today's blase, switched-off audiences.
Believe the Hype - Paranormal a True Bone-Rattler
Forget Halloween, get your thrills and chills from this film!
Have we learned nothing from the Blair Witch hoax?
A pseudo reality horror pic in need of an exorcist.
Paranormal Activity is a creepy, make the skin crawl, heebie-jeebie producing scare fest.
Actually makes its premise work and delivers substantial creeps.
Paranormal Activity goes on the short list of films that totally, completely freaked me out.
Good horror films command a surplus of attention. They don't cater to its deficit. Depressingly overused sensory cues clue the audience into whenever something spooky's happening, as if saying it's time to stop Tweeting or texting. An overhyped bust.
Forget gaps in logic. Paranormal Activity is all about the night-frights, caught on night-vision video.
A chilling minimalist shocker shot in a week for an initial budget of merely $11,000 [that] scares and entertains better than movies made for 10,000 times more.
Peli is to be congratulated for pulling off such an audacious project, but he needs a sharper sense of timing: The film's pacing is uneven, which weakens the suspense.
Like legendary producer Val Lewton in the '40s, director Oren Peli, who shot Paranormal in seven days in his own home, understands that what's most frightening is what you don't see but merely suggested.
As far as communal experiences at the multiplex go, the film delivers.
It's like watching a YouTube clip of your irritating neighbors, knee deep in muck, as they argue the effectiveness of plumbers.
Beyond the viral ingenuity of the marketing, what's cool about PA is that it's not just a fun thrill ride; it's an instructive artistic experience.
Ten years after 'The Blair Witch Project' flew onto the screen, now comes 'Paranormal Activity,' another movies based on fictitious 'found' video.
A bit disappointing to hard-core fright fans, but to new fans of this genre it might get their pulse racing.
Does no one else see that the few genuinely creepy and original moments here are so few and far between that this would have been far more intriguing as a YouTube short...?
absolutely bone-chilling
Perhaps the Most Relevant Horror Film in our Reality Television-Obsessed Society. For Now.
If you like ghost stories you're going to want to get in line and hold on (to whoever is sitting next to you). Each night brings a new kind of chill to the mix. Just thinking of 'Night 20' makes me nervous all over again.
This kind of movie only has to work once, and it works about as well that one time as anything else in history.
The more the film amps up the action, the more tangible the manifestations get, the less scary and involving the movie becomes.
With 'Paranormal Activity,' Paramount and Oren Peli have teamed up to bring us one of the most unique horror experiences in quite some time.
It's the sleeper hit that makes audiences too petrified to ever sleep again.
Once in a full moon, a movie comes along that ignores all the established rules and yet somehow captivates a large, enthusiastic following. Paranormal Activity is such a phenomenon.
Far more effective during its nighttime scenes
'Maybe we shouldn't have the camera?' Katie asks, raising the interesting if undeveloped notion that the plugged-in generation's endless self-regard and intentional surrendering of privacy invites discontent, disruption, even disaster.
Subtly scary, supernatural fright flick
Since the characters feel real, so do the scares. Peli shows a profound grasp of the fundamentals of suspense, making a 30-second shot of an empty bedroom more terrifying than most of what passes for horror these days. That's because Paranormal Activity's
The sizzle of the marketing is impressive; the steak of the actual movie, served bloody and rare and juicy, is even more so.
Worth seeing once (preferably with a large audience, preferably after dark), but then what? The success of the film's suspense makes it the ultimate in disposable entertainment.
Peli is daring the audience to look for activity beyond the door frame, catch a shadow moving across the floor, or watch something get tossed across the room to wake up the couple. It's brilliant.
Undeniably scary.
I respect filmmakers who can make a film for $11,000. However, ten minutes of this movie could've been on YouTube and it would've been an internet sensation. As a feature length film, many viewers will be horrified with boredom at this drip of a movie.
It's worth checking out, but just barely. I'm sorry to say that the scariest thing about this film is the couple's godawful taste in home furnishings.
A low-budget horror flick that uses its do-it-yourself aesthetic to great advantage in scaring the pee out of viewers.
The people most scared by Paranormal Activity may be the makers of high-priced special effects, who will have to explain to studio bosses how a kid with $15,000 and one or two cameras can create such effective terror.
A peerless exercise in stimulus response.
One of the most effective horror movies in years and a film that sets out to shake you and, with only a few flaws, does exactly that. The faint of heart need not apply.
I say see it, before the inevitable overhyping begins, along with the inevitable backlash.
It's excellent minimalist filmmaking with relatively simple special effects and a strong reliance on suspense... Paranormal Activity will get inside your head.
In the light of day, it's all very silly and conventional. But of course we're not talking about the light of day.
There is a certain amount of suspension of disbelief ... that you must accept in order for the movie to work for you.
Paranormal Activity only occasionally rises above the status of a cute haunted house tour or hayride.
While a welcome respite from classic horror movie remakes and gory torture porn, I can't cosign on the Paranormal Activity hype. Is this the scariest film ever made? Not in the least.
Paranormal Activity lives up to a good three quarters of the hype. That's a better equation than most of today's limp horror hits can boast.
Sorry. The emperor is naked. It was just an OK indie horror film with more shaky camerawork. Is this really the highest standard we can set?
Compared with a precision horror film like Lars von Trier's terrifying upcoming shocker "Antichrist," "Paranormal Activity" is just kid's stuff.
A clever, psychologically terrifying and suspenseful low-budget film with a lot of mainstream appeal. It will frighten the bejesus out of you.
This isn't a horror film, it's a a lesson in how to build fear.
A very clever, very compelling and very creepy haunted house tale.
Now that's horror.
It's not the be-all, end-all of horror movies. But for what Oren Peli was able to accomplish with an $11,000 budget, Paranormal Activity should definitely be applauded.
Some wild moments make it all worth it.
It works best when it comes out of nowhere, because that's, in the end, where it goes.
Paranormal Activity pretends to be a heart-stopping edge of your seat entertainment. It's actually just a homemade horror movie blown all out of proportion by studios sensing a hit.
Delivers moderate suspense and some scares.
An excruciatingly tedious YouTube gag cleverly marketed to go viral in the broadest and most box office-friendly way.
[A] satisfying, terrifying experience.
Holy [bleep].
Even Roger Corman might have hesitated to pitch this deal to one of his hungry young proteges: "You get a little over $11,000, one camera and two unknown actors to make a really scary movie. No effects, of course. Oh, and no gore, please." Imagine the lau
A few people in the audience were laughing during the first half of the film. No one was laughing during the long walk out of the theater.
It's unsettling and smart, and it delivers what it promises, but it's also the sort of slow-burn movie that is likely to disappoint viewers if they go after hearing for weeks that it's one of the scariest movies ever made.
This unsettling ultra-low-budget tale capitalizes on our innate fear of things that go bump in the night, and adds a supernatural element that will effectively terrorize even the toughest among us.
Paranormal Activity is not a movie; it is a participatory sport, an amusement park haunted house complete with the obligatory shrieking teenaged girls clinging to each other for solace.
The late, great William Castle would have loved this thing, provided that he didn't actually have to sit through it, of course.
Parental Content Review
Without financing, stars or more than a couple of special effects, first-time writer/director Olen Peli has made a diabolically effective essay in irrational horror.
After the disturbing experience of squirming through this astonishing movie, you'll be wide awake with lights blazing and may never want to sleep again.
Isn't much more than an extended exercise in horror tropes, but it's a clever one, expertly designed and executed, depending more on pulse-pounding suggestion rather than explicit violence.
At best, Paranormal Activity makes the banal and commonplace deeply unsettling.
The fact that its old-school scares caused seemingly jaded 20-somethings at a recent midnight screening to squirm in their seats suggests that there's hope for the world after all.
Despite its unconventional approach, Activity is at heart another haunted-house movie, albeit one that takes the time to think about the true nature of haunting.
Paranormal Activity has the universally craved but preciously rare knack among modern horror movies of seeping into the skin and the cerebellum.
My head and neck start pulsating every time I tell someone about the film. I was uncomfortably scared for 90 minutes.
I took a group of KPBS Teen Critics to see Paranormal Activity to see what all the buzz was about.
This is one seriously scary movie, and the full effect of how terrifying it is won't even hit you until 3am, when you're jolted awake by the things that go bump in the night.
This is one of the the few films that actually lives up to all of the hype. Paranormal Activity is one of the scariest films I have seen since The Exorcist.
Peli works at mining the unknown, the unknowable, like a minimalist, using small moments and virtually no special effects exceedingly well.
This is a terrifying picture, one that capitalizes on the unseen horrors that litter our nightmares once the lights go out.
The viewer walks out of Paranormal Activity wishing there was more to it, while acknowledging all the same that the film's cumulative impact is formidable, permeating long after the lights have come up.
With a $15,000 budget too puny to empty a petty-cash drawer, the no-frills Paranormal Activity comes packed with thrills.
With its this-is-really-happening vibe, Paranormal Activity scrapes away 30 years of encrusted nightmare clichés. The fear is real, all right, because the fear is really in you.
While the film is well worth seeing, you might consider skipping it in theaters and renting the DVD on a night when it's dark, quiet and a little scary in your own house.
After watching Paranormal Activity, you might be inclined to sleep with the lights on for a week or four.
It's shoe-string scary, delivering a terrifying, unsettling 90 minutes without a single bit of CG or foam latex in sight, and all confined to a single house.
This is a strong movie that should please both hardcore horror fans and casual viewers equally, something that's very difficult to do.
This is a strong movie that should please both hardcore horror fans and casual viewers equally, something that's very difficult to do.
Paranormal Activity takes all of the things that go bump in the night and gives you enough of a reason to think they might be real.
Making the most out of a single location and tiny cast, it's the scariest movie of the year.
Although [Oren Peli] has borrowed liberally from films from "The Blair Witch Project" to "The Exorcist" and a dash of "Lost Highway," "Paranormal Activity" is a sterling standout in a genre that usually disappoints.
old school, haunted house horror.
What director Oren Peli manages to accomplish with moving sheets, baby powder tracks and a swinging chandelier is truly remarkable.
Peli's method of imbuing everyday objects -- a slightly ajar door, a swinging chandelier, a (gulp) strangely rumpled bedsheet -- with an atmosphere of ball-crawling dread is really something to see. It doesn't let up.
Placing a camera on a tripod suddenly seems revolutionary.
Here's all you need to know about the new low budget independent horror movie Paranormal Activity: It's freakin' scary.
The sneak preview audience was gasping and shrieking throughout. A couple of teenage girls had to leave the theater midway through and sat huddled on a bench in the lobby. It's that freaky.
his is a tale of the supernatural, but its strength is that it is rooted in the ordinary. That's what makes it creepy.
When I got home from the midnight press screening last night I really didn't want to walk into my own dark hallway all by myself.
Peli shows a talent for suspense and creating an atmosphere of dread, and Featherston and Sloat give effective (improvised?) performances.
The hype around Paranormal Activity is more than justified, but it still isn't much more than an extremely well-made engine for getting a roomful of people to squirm, giggle, and actually scream in near unison.
An instant classic of the mockumentary genre
The banality of the couple's day-to-day existence when they're not hearing unwelcome guests enhances the sense of realism, but it can be awfully trying for viewers who just want to get to the good stuff already.
For a film already at the lower end of professional polish, the acting makes the whole shebang feel like a community theater rehearsal. I was half-expecting Corky St. Clair to show up as a spirit.
Paranormal Activity will please horror fans and is an even better date movie; it's funny, too.
It's effective as hell and is a prime example of how to win an audience over and keep their attention in a highly constrained, claustrophobic atmosphere in the most unpretentious way possible.
It's one of the scariest movies of all-time. YOU WILL BE AFFECTED as it's hard to ignore the imprint it leaves on your psyche. You know it's fake, and yet, you can't shake it. Nightmares are guaranteed.
Nearly a decade after The Blair Witch Proejct, the faux-documentary approach is a little tired... Fortunately, once you get past the artistic contrivance, Paranormal Activity is frequently terrifying.
If you think horror movies can't scare you, if you think modern horror has nothing more to offer, try sitting through "Paranormal Activity" and then thank the filmmakers for changing your mind...
Horror fans who value credible creepiness over the usual splatdom will welcome this.



@highlight

Using its low-budget effects and mockumentary method to great result, Paranormal Activity turns a simple haunted house story into 90 minutes of relentless suspense.