The father-son relationship stands out in this sentimental and satisfying drama.
Seyfried and Tatum have absolutely no credibility as a romantic couple.
It's like a bad soap opera.
You could hate it for being cynically tear-jerking... [but] it can't help itself.
Dear John is built on mawkishness and it brings everything it touches down to that level. It rubs the metaphor of coins and coin collecting so deeply into the audience face you're sure to have a welt by the time the movie's over.
Mawkish romantic melodrama creates no sparks.
What starts as a charming anachronism %u2014 pens, paper and the postal service in an impersonal digital age %u2014 becomes tedious as Hallstrom is reduced to interminable, repetitive montages covering the many months that the pair are apart.
It's more Scenes from a Marriage than Dirty Dancing.
Another "timeless' romance from the pen of Shakespeare-level genius Nicholas Sparks made into a mediocre movie starring pretty young people ...They have an epistolary romance.
Like a couple of hours of channel-surfing among the Travel Channel, the History Channel and Discovery Health. [Blu-ray]
Achieves its modest, unpretentious goals in an agreeable, likable fashion.
Of course, there are some things you can always count on in a Sparks adaptation - sandy locations, star-crossed lovers and searing melodrama, all tied in a neat emotionally manipulative bow.
Tatum makes what use he can of his two expressions, Seyfried does her best to perk things up and much the best performer is Richard Jenkins...
Prettifies heartache and hardship to the point where it barely has any meaning at all.
Their romance fizzles out in their letters to each other, and the plot gets lost in the post.
It's a shame the whole thing resembles a schmaltzy video for a wet female singer, as there's some real pain here and a twist that retains an impact somewhere deep in the chest.
A touching melodrama illuminated by a solid turn from Tatum.
A sucker for a cheap sob, it left me cold.
It's fairly romantic and looks good on screen, but the plot is too slight.
The more the barriers between John and Savannah build up, becoming seemingly unmovable, the more you want to see them get back together - that's what keeps Dear John engaging until the credits roll.
The pair have got real chemistry and the long-distance love angle works nicely. Then a rubbish subplot involving illness, needy children and horses comes along, and the film spoils faster than a fish finger behind a radiator.
This is a slothful weepie, plagued by a sickly mishmash of plot strands and a gaping chemistry hole at its core.
But this is a movie that tries too hard to cover the tearjerking bases, and in doing so manages to miss every single one of them.
It's not that I don't believe in love at first sight; I do. But this love is so sugar coated and sickly, I just didn't believe in it for a moment.
Insultingly uninspired chick-flick fodder.
Once-talented director Lasse Hallström is definitely counting the cash here, while Amanda Seyfriend, Richard Jenkins and even the less substantial talents of Channing Tatum are wasted...
Disappointing, badly written and ultimately empty drama that fails to engage on an emotional level and only escapes one star ignominy because of the chemistry and likeability of its two leads.
Ultimately as welcome as a letter bearing that introduction
Despite its flaws, this is a wonderfully filmed romance that will have even the toughest of guys dabbing away the tears.
Proves that old-fashioned stories are fashionable again; only romantics not cynics, need apply.
When the romantic fortnight's over, they promise to write to each other until they can be together again in one year's time. Then 9/11 happens.
Tatum ... strikes few sparks with the fetching Seyfried.
Despite the narrative losing its way in a slow middle section, experienced director Lasse Hallstrom makes a warm and likeable film out of this contrived tale of two young lovers separated by war, commitment and ten thousand kilometers.
By the numbers romantic plotline? Sappy tearjerker? Must be another Nicholas Sparks adaptation.
Even director Lasse Hallstrom's giant talent can barely hold the film aloft. The story on the big screen seems slighter than intended
It might come in a pretty envelope, but what you find inside is nothing to write home about.
An inconsequential two-hanky lost-love woman's pic disguised as an inconsequential home-front war drama.
... a sappy, cliché-riddled but well made romantic drama.
The biggest surprise here is Tatum, whose butch reticence has never been put to better use: His saddest farewell isn't to his lady but to a man even more uncommunicative than he is.
Halfway through the movie, I decided a better title for this weepie contraption would be The Hurt Letter. Tatum is stolid and semi-expressive, Seyfried widens her eyes to saucer-size.
Dear John may seem like a tearjerker romance aimed at the demographic that left piles of wet tissues at screenings of The Notebook, but it's not. It's a morality tale that demonstrates the consequences of c**k-blocking
Indecently exploits 9/11 and throws in autism and canver for unscrupulous measure.
John and Savannah act like characters in a novel, doing things not because this is what actual human beings would do but because the plot needs further complications.
Dear John pushes Tatum too far into ... interiorized sensitivity; he needs to be as beautifully expressive as Paul Walker was in the last really good romance movie, Noel.
A movie with a slant so conservative the Tea Party people will love it.
I just did not get pulled in.
Comparing "Dear John" to "The Notebook" is like comparing hot and cold. One set the box office on fire, while the other will have viewers wondering why.
It will more than satisfy those with a predilection for old fashioned romance but cynics are warned to keep clear or be prepared to shut up and hand some Kleenex to their cow eyed better halves.
By act three, this sentimental twaddle bounces all over the place trying to find a center. It never does. If you think that's overwritten, wait until you see the movie.
In the film, John says he compares himself to the fine pressing of a coin. It's a sad state of affairs when you have to compare yourself to a collectible coin to express your individuality.
The Notebook, this ain't. Dear John starts off promisingly, then falls to pieces by the second act, devolving into saccharine tear-jerking schmaltz.
I'm as shocked as you are, but 'Dear John' isn't awful, until a plot twist makes you simply stop caring.
Sudsy and syrupy, too often crossing the thin, star-crossed line between sentimentality and schmaltzy.
Dear John can't elevate itself from the same, repetitive Sparks cycle.
When movie mechanics wedge into their romance, we check out. But there's enough love in this love story to make us feel for a son and his father and their attempts to connect
Bland, excessively corny, schmaltzy and contrived while lacking any requisite romantic chemistry. It cannot be saved by picturesque scenery and attractive leads alone.
[T]he lack of chemistry between Tatum and Seyfried is something of a scientific mystery. She's appealing enough... But Tatum is a blank, an empty six-pack shell...
Even as weepy, "Dear John" fall short of turning on the waterworks.
Despite the story running out of gas and a hokey tacked-on ending, women of all ages constituting the intended target audience could not ask for a better alternative to the Super Bowl. Guys should strongly consider this movie for a romantic date night out
The twists turn syrupy, but are elevated by a cast that throws itself heart and soul into the proceedings.
Dear John isn't so much old-fashioned as it is clichéd.
Dear John carefully distills selected elements of human experience and reduces them to a sweet and digestible syrup. It may not be strong medicine, but it delivers an effective, pleasing dose of pure sentiment and vicarious heartache.
Given the comely and talented leads, it's disappointing how little carnal or emotional heat is actually generated.
You will believe in their characters and their emotion, to the point where their love scenes might leave you feeling like a bit of a voyeur. We mean that in the best way.
There is not much point throwing Channing Tatum and Amanda Seyfried into a movie together if they can't devote every waking minute to making out.
Lasse Hallstrom directs with a softness that makes even combat look tranquil.
C'mon, it's the millennium, it's the electronic age, where soldiers everywhere fight with one finger on the trigger of their gun and the other on the send button of their cell phone.
What you end up with is indeed a big pile of goop.
Teens will swoon for far-fetched, syrupy romance.
The one saving grace is some decent work by the always reliable Richard Jenkins as John's father. Truthfully, the only real appeal there would be for a guy going to see this film is the possibility that it will earn him points with the girl who dragged hi
The director plays it straight, and invites us to sniffle along if we want. There's something kind of admirable about this, I guess, in a going-down-with-the-ship sort of way.
"Dear John: I'm in a really sappy movie based on a Nicholas Sparks novel, can you please help me!!!???"
...director Lasse Hallstrom employs an impressively artful sensibility that separates the film from its typically superficial and glossy teenage-romance brethren...
Dear Mr. Sparks and The Filmmakers: Due to unanticipated disappointments, I regret to inform you that I cannot love your film. Godspeed.
The film's second half is a steep descent into the depths of movie hell, as one pathetically heart-tugging twist follows another. - NERVE.COM
A movie about a great set of abs falling in lust with a great pair of ... legs. No romance. No magic. No heart. No soul.
As a soldier with mysterious anger issues and a propensity for toplessness, Tatum displays acting chops that suggest he may be able to break out of his pretty-boy mold.
Goes through its motions with a greater tenderness than expected and, as such, comes a whole lot closer to something its audience deserves than what they tend to settle for.
Mr. Tatum... gives Keanu Reeves serious competition - defining numerous shades of blank of which I had been thus far unaware.
Dear John is nothing to write home about.
Dear John succeeds where Sparks duds like Rodanthe crumbled because it harnesses fresher talents to pull off a comforting tale about the enduring power of love.
Even Seyfried, who otherwise makes a credible love interest, couldn't convince me -- or, by the sound of the audience's nervous laughter, anyone else in the theater -- that she had to do what she did.
The uneasy combination of the World Trade Center, Sparks and schmaltzmeister director Lasse Hallstrom pushed me perilously close to nausea and diabetic shock, not to mention deep sleep.
Seyfried's performance is lovely. Her character may be sweet, but she's also marvelously direct, two qualities that Seyfried holds in balance perfectly.
A sappy version of the old letters-from-the-trenches weepers of the 1940s that hobbles along despite the best effort of its cast and a director who ought to know better.
Though Ms. Seyfried is a lovely actress, her inexperience shows in her climactic scenes, which aren't written very well to begin with, while Mr. Tatum's stolid reserve decays into dull passivity.
The leads do have a strong chemistry, and Seyfried brings a spunky confidence to her role.
Suffice it to say that for about half its running time, the story earns goodwill with believable depictions of love both found and lost. It loses all that later in the game when it patently stops being honest and starts being Hollywood.
Eventually Dear John piles on so much tragedy that it becomes laughable, a parade of contrivances keeping the bland lovers apart.
On the grand scale of convincing romantic melodramas, "Dear John" falls somewhere between "Antichrist" and "From Paris With Love."
Parental Content Review
Tosses out the entire point of Nicholas Sparks' novel for the singular purpose of adhering to a tired genre formula that would be right at home in a romantic comedy rather than a drama.
I have nothing but contempt for the artist who presumptuously assumes that his work is worthy of your tears and that you are emotionally and intellectually incapable of resisting his preening machinations.
Nicholas Sparks writes the equivalent of comfort food, high-carb, low-nutrition, but sometimes it hits the spot.
With about half an hour left, Dear John took a shark-jumping turn that ruined the entire film for me.
If there is a positive to the film it is that the cast seems to be trying their best. Good effort, everyone.
There's no real depth or texture to the characters of any sort, sentimental or otherwise, and I say that as someone who can be brought to tears by a Hallmark commercial.
If the teenage girls sitting in the preview screening were giggling at this film's awkward sentimentality and its nosedive of an ending, maybe a rewrite was in order.
Bogart and Bergman it's not.
Mostly, this movie is about two pretty actors moodily looking at each other with their pretty eyes -- and, for those seeking a little romance at the multiplex, that's often just enough.
With "The Notebook" being at the top of its class for unabashed weepies, "Dear John" is a second tier effort that occasionally pays off because of the actors...
Correspond with Dear John at your own peril.
When Tatum and Seyfried no longer share the screen, generating heat, the movie grows as cold and lumpy as yesterday's she-crab soup.
Someday, someone just might make a truly good movie out of a Nicholas Sparks novel. That day is not today, however, and that movie is most definitely not Dear John.
There's predictable attraction in the clash of opposites: he Tarzan, she Jane. If only screenwriter Jamie Linden could write dialogue half as good as that.
The challenging emotional conflicts of the film's second half resuscitate Dear John from its melodramatic coma of unconvincing puppy love
Suds maven Sparks sets up Seyfried for hottie sainthood as a southern belle who confuses love with a medical pity party, while coin collecting is diagnosed as autism and Tatum as Ahab pursues his Afghan white whale. Blame it on Osama.
What has happened to the estimable Hallstrom? His new movie is dull, static, and literal, and it's not even well acted.
Part of the problem is Channing Tatum, an actor with the strengths and faults of early Sylvester Stallone: He can be a charming palooka, as in Fighting and A Guide To Recognizing Your Saints, or a block of wood, albeit one carved by God's hands.
Savannah and John have about as much personality as characters in a pro-abstinence pamphlet.
There's an audience for old-fashioned romance, and Dear John will please most of it, given its attractive cast, cozy beach settings and brazenly uplifting outlook on human nature.
I don't know why the studio bothered to hire Lasse Hallestrom for this job.
An engaging romantic love drama that morphs into a deeper and richer consideration of the truly transformative power of love.
This terminally sappy romance delivers heartache, sacrifice, a make-out scene in the pouring rain, and not one but two autistic characters.
Dear John fulfills its mission, which is to be a crowd-pleasing tearjerker.
Dear John emerges on the big screen as a good looking but dull romance directed with a little too much restraint by Lasse Hallstrom.
If you're a sucker for romantic dramas, Dear John will earn your stamp of approval, along with those tears.
This is a muzzy picture through and through, from Hallström's softy direction and Jamie Linden's humorless script and slurry plotting to Tatum's portrayal of John.
More gloppy romantic sap from the Nicholas Sparks tree...it proves that Sparks is the modern Fanny Hurst.
...features tweens in grownups' clothing.
As mid-winter sudsers go, you could do a lot worse than Dear John, an unassuming and mildly endearing adaptation of the Nicholas Sparks's novel of the same name.
So gloomy, so punishing, so unrewarding, it might as well be retitled 'Dear Job'.
More affecting and less lame than it looks ... just a good love story featuring stars who have great chemistry.
It stalls out after an hour, then stumbles along for another 50 minutes of the usual Sparksian palate of life lessons and regrets and sadness.
At one point, John announces: "We're sitting here . . . and we're talking, but nobody's actually saying anything." Why, John, I thought you'd never notice.
Lasse Hallstrom's Dear John tells the heartbreaking story of two lovely young people who fail to find happiness together because they're trapped in an adaptation of a Nicholas Sparks novel.
Awash in mawkish sentimentality, Dear John still will move you deeply - if you're a 12-year-old girl.
It's as pretty as a Carolina Coast postcard, as warm as a New England beach in February and as romantic as a Valentine's Day TV dinner for one.
Hallstrom knows his way around heartbreak and domestic frigidity, and his syrup whispering skills come in handy, as Dear John has a tendency to buck wildly when it comes to articulating the strain of a long-distance relationship.
Mostly, the movie provides ample opportunity to admire Channing Tatum's broad shoulders and Amanda Seyfried's incandescent smile, but the narrative device that keeps them connected while geographically apart doesn't work especially well onscreen.
A lame romance coupled with more handicaps and hardships than any film can survive without the charge of audience manipulation.
Ponderous direction cripples Tatum with crying like a newborn. Belongs in the dead letter bin.


@highlight

Built from many of the same ingredients as other Nicholas Sparks tearjerkers, Dear John suffers from its cliched framework, as well as Lasse Hallstrom's curiously detached directing.