That's how to kick off an action spectacle.
This Korean action-thriller is more everything than the John Wick films and Atomic Blonde put together.
It's not merely that the action is superb in this movie; it's superb without ever repeating itself, and that's all the more impressive because there is a whole lot of it.
... if you're a fan of ultra-violent action and stunt scenes, you'll have much to enjoy.
The Villainess is determined to make audiences remember every bombastic segment of carnage
The Villainess is simply an overlong, unarticulated, and impotent thriller that opted for the easiest way to impress.
The spirit of Kill Bill, Hardcore and Oldboy is present in this film ... [Full review in Spanish]
The film appeals to originality with its spectacular action scenes. [Full Review in Spanish]
Another finding of Korean genre cinema. [Full Review in Spanish]
The beginning of The Villainess is one of the best movies this year. [Full Review in Spanish]
Two outstanding, seemingly single-take action sequences bookend The Villainess, but the strong first and last impressions can't make up for a shapeless, meandering middle.
Whatever its narrative faults, there is quite simply nothing like The Villainess.
A solid, tenacious and spectacular film. [Full review in Spanish]
This is an action film that knows its character, has clear objectives and carries them out. [Full review in Spanish]
... an exciting piece of action that refers us to the seminal Nikita (Besson, 1990)... [Full review in Spanish]
Too bad that, after a strong start, the plot is taken in a different direction from the violence, then a different direction, and then a different direction, before a stunning finish.
[The Villainness] is 2017's most breathtakingly unhinged action film.
South Korean action movies often marry amazing fight scenes to barking-mad plots. This example, directed by Jung Byung-gil, reaches spectacular heights in its violent combats, yet it keeps deflating itself with its story's conceits.
The Villainess is an ambitious, exhilarating, and harrowing film that does South Korea's tradition of top-notch thrillers proud.
With a body count in triple digits before the opening credits finish, the bloodily inventive fight sequences work better than the emotional scenes here - and sensible shoes aside, director Jung Byung-gil doesn't bring much new to the genre.
The Villainess opens with a sequence of unfettered carnage [that] will leave you gasping and wincing in equal measure.
Not all of it comes together, but its balls-to-the-wall approach is riotous fun to behold ...
Blood flies and bones crack with merry gusto in The Villainess, which is strong stuff and not for the squeamish.
As remarkable and innovative as these [action] sequences are, they're few and far between.
With a doomed romance subplot adding emotional resonance, this is extreme Asian cinema with substance, style and soul.
Exhausting, edge-of-the-seat thrills.
A propulsive, wildly entertaining and hyperkinetic action flick.
Midnight slickness is The Villainess's signature look, and one it rocks with mesmeric panache.
A triumph of style over coherence.
The Villainess is sure to make its mark due to impeccable action sequences, but certainly not for its compelling storytelling.
"The Villainess" is little more than an action showcase, with way more scenes of turgid espionage than thrilling set pieces. It's for genre die-hards, not a general audience.
A film of swaggering precision.
Frenetic, kinetic action meets satisfyingly soapy drama. See it before everyone tries to copy the best bits.
The Villainess is a wonderfully lurid and overcooked thriller with a plot so melodramatic that you half suspect the filmmakers borrowed it from an opera.
It's the amazing fights and precisely-executed choreography which make up for the shaky storytelling: whether it is a battle with swords, a night motorbike chase or an axe clash in a bus pelting at full speed, there are undoubtably great moments here.
Filled with casual betrayals, divided loyalties and enough story to spawn a franchise, The Villainess roars along like a runaway train and is a brilliant showcase for Kim, who kicks sand in the face of any Hollywood bad girl.
The plotting is tangled, the emotional undertow slight, but the action keeps on coming, including a blistering multi-player sword fight on speeding bikes.
'The Long Kiss Goodnight', 'La Femme Nikita', 'Kill Bill'... this South Korean thriller owes a debt to many a great female-assassin thriller, and it's a fun ride for fans of the genre.
The Villainess is the movie Quentin Tarantino wanted Kill Bill to be.
As the carnage mercilessly piles up, we begin to feel nothing. Perhaps that's the point, but it's hard not to want more.
Whilst the facts of the plots are hard to follow and the fights over-shot, there's still fun to be had in the bombast and candour of it all.
For those of you looking for some kick-ass movie action, you'll definitely dig on all the blood-soaked mayhem Sook-hee and her murderous skill set bring to the table here.
The Villainess is easy enough to appreciate for its go-for-broke, over-the-top action, for its vibrancy as a work of art, and for its originality.
...a topsy-turvy actioner that should dazzle fans of Lady Vengeance and Hardcore Henry.
Jung is a director for whom too much is always just the right amount-a compliment, of course.
There's a lot of cool knives on display here, but the people doing the stabbing don't really matter.
What is entirely new about The Villainess is that it marries its revenge scenario to a melodrama of maternal sacrifice, with the film's terrific star, Kim Ok-bin, suffering more than Joan Crawford ever did.
Jung shreds a simple story and then weaves the pieces into an intricate tapestry of flashbacks and pure-action scenes, with the individual strands often sewn together by pictorial rhymes.
Hardcore Henry meets La Femme Nikita in this blood-soaked South Korean assassin's ball.
While I'm generally inclined to applaud an action movie that seeks to be more than just an exercise in carnage, "The Villainess" turns wearyingly stop-and-go whenever it tries to fill in the void of its protagonist's emotional and psychological history.
It's hard to enjoy the action when you witness its emotional cost, but once Sook-hee starts slashing goons from atop motorcycles, it's equally impossible to root for the violence to stop.
Ping-ponging from gonzo action to domestic drama to spy thriller and culminating in an electrifying showdown aboard a speeding bus, The Villainess delivers all the overstuffed thrills we've come to expect from Korean action cinema.
The setpieces in The Villainess never lose that initial vibrant you-are-there dexterity.
The Villainess is entertaining enough, but it's hard to shake the feeling that we should be caring more for this character as the film goes on, not less.
When one finally puts together the pieces of the film's scattered narrative puzzle, The Villainess doesn't add up to all that much beyond a slick march toward an act of bloody revenge.
Cheerfully brainless with as many digressions and distractions in its 129 minutes as Donald Trump can offer in about that time.
Consider the action-movie escalation bar raised.
Fans of John Wick and Kill Bill should generally be impressed with what director Jung has done to put a twist on the typical revenge thriller.
Bookended by two astonishing action sequences, Byung-gil Jung's hotly anticipated Villainess is without doubt one of the most thrilling films of the year.
Byung's inability to string together a coherent narrative is nearly offset by his gift for staging some bonkers scenes of death and destruction.
While we brace ourselves for the next bout of violence our minds are contextualizing the plot to parse it as necessary rather than nonsense.
Jung teases out the contradictions in a woman set on revenge and raised to kill, yet driven even more by her desire for "a normal life" - and for love.
The result is a blast, a midnight-madness genre picture that makes up in style and droll humour what it lacks in premise originality.
"The Villainess" ... succeeds in being one-of-a-kind for its delirious action choreography and overall narrative dementia.
The story borrows liberally from Luc Besson's La Femme Nikita, although the middle segments, once Sook-hee is rehabilitated and working as a sleeper agent, are both convoluted and undercut by obvious sentiment.
The action sequences are astonishing. I have never seen camerawork like it. I'm not sure how it was done, but the spectacle is bold.
After making waves with 2012's Confession of Murder, Jung Byung-gil's follow-up delivers some of the most kinetic action sequences ever witnessed in a South Korean film.
As with fights, we understand at all times what we're seeing; Surprises aren't the result of whim or betrayal to the logic of the story. [Full review in Spanish]
A high-adrenaline tale of fighting, shooting, stabbing and killing interrupted by quiet stretches of backstory and character development.
Although the actioner is bookended by two visceral action sequences, everything in between the opening and closing high points is melodramatic and often confusing.
A satisfyingly convoluted revenge thriller in which the dynamically staged, blood-drenched action sequences are a highlight rather than the film's sole raison d'être.

@highlight

The Villainess offers enough pure kinetic thrills to satisfy genre enthusiasts -- and carve out a bloody niche for itself in modern Korean action cinema.