It's a lot of fun.
It feels like an honor to have experienced firsthand the worst movie of the year, and perhaps the decade. I'm not exaggerating, either.
It's one of those movies that make me go, "why did I watch this?"
Unfortunately, the creative team behind Kidnap appear more interested in staging traffic pile-ups than giving their Oscar-winning lead something substantial to chase after.
Was Kidnap the fastest most furious movie of the year? Well, we did have Baby Driver. But Kidnap was probably the fastest most furious movie of 2014 when it was made.
An effective film. [Full review in Spanish]
It's hard to understand why the exact translation of the original title was not respected. [Full Review in Spanish]
[Halle Berry] can be threatening when she decides to step on the accelerator. [Full review in Spanish]
A fast-paced and satisfying thriller that works (despite its numerous flaws) because of Halle Berry's strong lead performance.
Kidnap has no style and no thrill, and so it falls flat.
Black women are being called upon to be the savior in stories, and it's about time.
The new thriller Kidnap sees the Oscar-winning actress do everything in her power to find her abducted child. It's a fun ride-but no career-changer.
This is a garbage movie that might be offensive if it were any more memorable.
Kidnap is a shoddily-directed movie - filled with ADHD editing, ridiculous twists, and a tone that irresponsibly swerves between gritty thriller and Road Runner cartoon.
It's one of those movies that can be either very stupid or very entertaining. I think they wasted a good opportunity. [Full review in Spanish]
In this week's instalment of cliché-explorers, we delve down deep into the question: How fierce is a mother's love?
The director Luis Prieto (Pusher, 2012) decides to plague this whole journey with car crashes and road accidents that gradually detract strength, intensity and interest to the insights and anxieties of the protagonist. [Full review in Spanish]
A straightforward watch, the overall result is forgettable.
For an entire 84 minutes, I sat in the theater wondering why she decided to participate in this. I guess if for nothing else, it was good to see the actress doing something.
It's efficient but unsubtle; Lee and Prieto don't know the difference between real suspense and mere tension.
Kidnap's clumsy clunkiness, exposition-heavy monologues and inferior story keep it in that late-night cable category that seems perfectly entertaining so long as you aren't paying for it.
At just 81 minutes, it's a short shot of adrenaline, exhilarating yet predictable.
Even with sympathy for Halle Berry, Kidnap is still an atrocity, in contention for worst movie of 2017.
[Kidnap] is wild, unbelievable, yet a ridiculously fun watch.
A frenetic, high-octane chase thriller.
Stays on the road for too long without becoming suspenseful.
Never mess with a mother on a mission to save her child.
It's Halle Berry's show all the way and she takes the audience with her on this wild ride of a movie.
Berry knows how to seize the center spot and hold on tight. In Kidnap, she gets quite an exhausting workout, and so does the audience.
The only way Kidnap could possibly work is if the viewer isn't paying attention.
Running a scant 75 minutes before the end credits roll, it's almost as though the movie knows it's garbage and tries to show the audience some semblance of mercy by getting itself over with as quickly as possible.
Much in the abrupt manner of this flimsy excuse of a thriller, let's cut right to the chase: Kidnap might be the worst nonanimated film of the summer (Yes, The Emoji Movie, you can breathe easy).
If Kidnap is Berry's tour de force, Chris McGinn, as the scariest and most merciless kidnapper, manages a few moments in the spotlight.
Kidnap is a non-stop car chase thriller that only delivers on the thrills for half of its run time.
Aggressively stupid Kidnap is a passable B-movie exploitation throwback.
Can someone please put this inane car-chase thriller back on the shelf?
Kidnap may strain plausibility, but it's no more absurd than Taken, and it's a kick to watch Karla, a woman with no particular set of skills, become a capable warrior based on pure maternal ferocity.
"Kidnap" only ends up kidnapping our time rather than our hearts, mind or interest. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, etc. - also Available)
Halle Berry's believably fierce performance and some outrageous chase sequences keep this mindless and mildly entertaining "B" movie from totally veering off the road.
Halle Berry is much better at driving than she is at parenting in this lackluster child-abduction thriller.
It wasn't as terrible as I anticipated it to be... But, nonetheless, still just pretty okay.
Despite a running time that barely hits 80 minutes before the credits, Kidnap is still padded and plodding, and its plot proceeds in a dull straight line.
Is Kidnap inane? Totally. But fun? You bet.
Despite having spent some time on the shelf, this thriller is far from a dud; it's surprisingly taut and gripping, relentlessly suspenseful, and takes only a few not-too-bright shortcuts.
Kidnap isn't schlock, it's garbage.
Trashy exploitation, an overcooked potboiler with many logical problems. I hereby confess I kind of enjoyed it.
As exploitation movies go, "Kidnap" delivers in primal, high-octane style.
"Kidnap" was shot in 2014 and has been sitting on the shelf for two years. Frankly, it should have stayed missing.
If anyone made a single rational decision it would be over in eight minutes, instead of the 80-some minutes that feel like 800.
My drive to and from the theater came within 10 minutes of Kidnap's running time and delivered nearly as much suspense.
Kidnap kicks off the cinematic dog days of August with what could possibly be the worst film of the season.
The movie is fitting for its genre: a nail-biting thriller that will certainly require a post-show cocktail to calm your nerves. Hold on to your wig, 'Kidnap' is a hell of a ride.
It's obvious that screenwriter Knate Lee started and ended his thought process for this plot with a gimmick.
For all of Berry's breathless, screechy effort, "Kidnap" doesn't contain any suspense or tension.
The greatest strength of "Kidnap" is that it casts the maternal instinct as a primordial will to enact violence, to drag a man from a moving van, to beat a kidnapper with a shovel.
A Halle Berry vehicle with four flat tires, this is the worst movie of the summer.
Despite considerable narrative glitches, Kidnap still operates on a primal level as an effective, audience-pleasing thriller.
This is a superior genre exercise, unpretentious and formally controlled.
A sometimes pulpy, sometimes soapy B-movie ...
It's lean and economical, and it moves at a ferocious pace. And generally, its focus is razor-sharp. Who needs things like supporting characters and subplots to stretch things out?
Kidnap could've been the Breakdown of 2017, but instead it feels more akin to those direct-to-video thrillers that pile into Wal-Mart bins.
Even clocking in with a running time short of 90 minutes, the movie spins its wheels (in more ways than one) and repeats itself to the point of becoming ridiculous.
There are late-summer films that impress with how far beyond their B-movie calling they dare to go; Kidnap does exactly the job it came to do and clocks out, not particularly caring whether or not you remember it in an hour.
At a fleet and efficient 81 minutes - several minutes shorter than its original running time - "Kidnap" is an action movie with barely a wasted frame.
Berry delivers in an entertaining actioner.
Berry, Berry bad... the pulpy, preposterous 'Kidnap' is a B-movie that's not elevated from its humble status by the presence of a star whose name still carries a whiff of prestige.
[A] seemingly endless (though only 82 minutes long) and listless thriller ...
Utter, unabashed garbage.
Feels like what happens when you sell a vague concept and just sort of yadda yadda the actual script.
An insulting, exploitive exercise.
Unlike "Taken," which it wants to be on wheels - "Kidnap" doesn't come with twists, turns and surprises that grab and hold you tight.
"Kidnap" probably could've played into its feverish, violent, trashy side more aggressively. As is, something seems to be holding it back from its own monstrously exploitative premise ...
Delightful pulp without a hint of subtlety or shame, "Kidnap" takes a cultural truism -- that a mother would do anything to protect her child -- and makes it the grist for a rollicking action-thriller that's as as concise as it is ludicrous.
"Kidnap" has a tossed-together sameness to it, like a salad made up only of tired lettuce.
A tight, effective 100-yard-dash of a thriller that's as single-minded as the title makes it sound.
Between Berry's committed performance and the film's brisk cocktail of dread and adrenaline, Kidnap makes for a rousing, if ridiculous, ride.
It's Halle vs. hillbillies in a high-octane showdown where there's never a doubt about whether 'Mommy Driver' will prevail.
Kidnap is an efficient vehicle for the delivery of some lean action that's frequently weakened by a scarcely whip-smart script.
"Kidnap" is certainly energetic, but before it gets stupid, it remains very dumb.
It's a serviceable thriller: nothing more, nothing less.
Who DOESN'T know how lethal Halle Berry can be behind the wheel?
At least there's Halle Berry in the driver's seat, and the force of her performance is enough to push to make this a half-decent recommendation for someone looking for a quickie genre thriller.
A tense and satisfying genre exercise, it shows that 1) there's something to be said for a film that delivers on its promises and 2) don't mess with Halle Berry.

@highlight

Kidnap strays into poorly scripted exploitation too often to take advantage of its pulpy premise -- or the still-impressive talents of its committed star.