This is not a film about big people or grand issues. It is delicately, oddly, insistently trivial.
Much of the fun is getting a behind-the-scenes look at how fashion icon Iris Apfel constructs an outfit. And then, maybe, following er lead. (That necklace that was too big, too bright, too gaudy may seem just right. Especially if you add another.)
[Iris] is, in other words, a love letter from one artist to another.
Full of humour and warmth, [Iris] is a delight, and sure to pique your interest in more audacious outfits.
The beautiful thing about Iris is that even though there are pearls of wisdom, tender moments, heartfelt truths and sharp criticisms throughout, the film never loses focus of what is at the heart of Iris' work and life.
Iris, Maysles's last feature film, works as a great final piece for the director and an entertaining profile of an eccentric underground fashion icon.
So much more than meets Iris's bespectacled eyes: looking at self-determination, relentless individuality, devil-may-care creativity, romance, fame and mortality...all peppered throughout with delicious humor.
An especially realistic portrait of human life even by the standards of an inherently realistic genre.
A charming if occasionally too-reverential portrait of New York identity and self-described "geriatric starlet" Iris Apfel.
There is, for all the frivolity of her business, a gravitas and magnetism about Iris Apfel: she's smart and funny and sassy enough for the viewer to see past a life of privilege and walk-in wardrobes.
Iris offers an entertaining view into the artistic process, encroaching mortality, and societal trends.
Fashion is a combination of history, science, architecture, culture and politics, according to Iris. More than any other film, this film provides some answers to this question: Why is fashion important?
Although mostly a loose and unchallenging portrait, Iris is of value to the documentary field if only for taking a stand, however casual, against drabness.
The last documentary of the last of the Maysles brothers is a suitable farewell to a career focused on the eccentric and marginalized. [Full review in Spanish]
Reverential biopic examining the career and eclectic wardrobe collected by a flamboyant, 94 year-old fashionista.
Iris is more one-dimensional than other films by the late Albert Maysles, like Grey Gardens. There's no darkness and little subtext beneath Iris's pretty surface.
You sense Maysles recognises a kindred spirit in Iris' undimmed curiosity about the world, and her restless creative drive. It's the perfect introduction to his remarkable body of work.
Iris is indeed delightful, mostly because you spend a good hour and 20 minutes with a delightful person.
The last documentary by the late great documentarian Albert Maysles.
It's a tribute from one innovator to another: The movie's director is Albert Maysles, one of cinema's most celebrated nonfiction filmmakers.
Director Albert Maysles' Iris is a light yet fondly-felt chronicling of the life of 90ish New York fashion icon Iris Apfel, who peers into the camera often with her porthole-like spectacles.
Full of life, wit and occasional wisdom, the film is as much about the energy of late director Albert Maysles (Grey Gardens), whose final film this was.
Iris drums home its agreeable themes - never be afraid to express yourself and never stop having fun. It's nice to be reminded of this by someone with 93 years of experience.
It's hardly the most provocative documentary in the festival line-up, but it's such a delightfully fizzy one that it should be the perfect tonic after a long festival...
Like all of Maysles' works, the structure of Iris is simple and effective. The cameras are left rolling, and the subject is left to her own devices.
even if the film doesn't get far beneath surface of its subject, it is still a pleasant, if slight, depiction of a human curio
Maysles often said that he made [his films] with a sense of love for his subjects. That is certainly true of this film, which is a great parting gift to us all.
The movie becomes most poignant and meaningful when Maysles suddenly turns the camera on himself, revealing the 87 year old man who is stalking the 93 year old subject.
As a snapshot of an exceptional woman, Iris is an uplifting and entertaining film; it lifts our spirits with the fuel of hers
Subtly reveals the interior life all too frequently ignored by the city's patronising socialites as they fawn over and try to co-opt the outsized personality Iris's individualism has generated.
She emerges here as a down-to-earth, self-mocking, savvy philosopher, a one-off combination of Madame de Pompadour and a borscht-belt standup: it's not just Iris's glasses that recall George Burns, but her wit too.
A love letter to individualism, and the love that fuels it.
Late director Albert Maysles (Gimme Shelter) beautifully captures her personality and her passion for creativity.
The director's way with framing and composition hadn't deserted him even at this late stage - every shot is a box of delights.
Albert Maysles's last film is a typically deft exercise in subtle observation.
A glorious documentary fashionistas will want to study, frame by frame, while the rest of us are inspired by Apfel's zest for life and fondness for costume jewellery on an epic scale.
It's an affectionate, slight, minor work.
All you truly need know is she is a joy, a wonder, and terrific, as is this film.
The final film by the legendary documentarian Albert Maysles, Iris is a warm and sincere portrait of a woman who is irresistibly great company.
This woman has plenty of blunt wisdom to share.
Unexpected but very entertaining.
Maysles' films prove that understatement and patience can be priceless.
Albert Maysles and Iris Apfel show what it's like to be working into your 80s and 90s
There are some people from NYC and there are some people who make NYC. Iris is one of the latter.
At the heart of "Iris" is love, between Iris and the camera, Maysles and his subject, and Iris and Carl. They nailed it, this crazy life, and they're still getting a kick out of it.
'Iris" is a joyful look at an aging eccentric and an examination of the playful nature of design and fashion; it likely won't change your life, but will bring a smile to your face.
If I were to say that I can introduce you to a 90-year-old woman who you wouldn't be able to take your eyes off of, you might not believe me until you see Iris Apfel.
The documentary leaves little doubt that Maysles was captivated by Iris Apfel, and it's probable that you will be too.
Although Albert Maysles' doc boasts more energy than insight, Iris is a lovely tribute to a resilient New York fashion icon.
"Iris" could be seen as a primer on how to grow old gracefully, how to hold onto what matters and jettison what you have no use for. And to look damn good doing it.
Spend some time with "geriatric starlet" Iris Apfel and Dorchester-born Albert Maysles.
A flurry of excitement greets her wherever she goes; throughout the adulation, she is appreciative, patiently bemused, a little cranky and only occasionally tickled.
Iris is much more a celebration of life than it is a rumination on death, and it packs more laughs into its lean 78 minutes than most comedies manage in two hours.
Iris is an absolute kick, whether or not you care a whit about the world this character is moving through. And she is a character, with her big round glasses and her big opinions.
Iris is a potent argument against fast fashion, fast anything. And as a quiet cataloging of a couple slowing down and accessorized with wheelchairs, walking sticks, and hands tightly clasped, it becomes a poignant snatch of real-time aging.
Iris Apfel champions the idea that fashion doesn't have to define you even if you live it, and she's a walking reminder of how much fun it can be just to have a little style.
It's a fitting almost-finale [for Maysles], looking at a life lived to the fullest and still going strong. Apfel is 93.
Maysles simply presents lots of other designers telling Apfel how brilliant she is, their testimony interspersed with pithy accounts of her past achievements.
The film plays like a refreshingly frank visit with a favorite relative.
Flamboyantly fashionable and filter-free, 93-year-old Iris Apfel is a delightfully quirky muse for legendary documentary filmmaker Albert Maysles's final solo film, Iris.
Maysles shows little interest in emphasizing anything, remaining far enough away to grasp the mechanics of his star without overt manipulation taking over the story.
"Iris" serves as a spirited, often dazzling primer in how to fight the dying of the light and feel fabulous while doing it.
When Iris holds court on the importance of living a full life, refusing to slow down because of the whims of Father Time, you can feel that she's speaking for Maysles, too.
Intimate, knowing portrait of a fashion icon who knows exactly who and what she is, and is often surrounded by people who don't.
Maysles' comprehensive account of a multifaceted, loving human being.
The chief virtue of "Iris" is its amiability - it's a delight to spend time in Apfel's company, and thanks to Albert Maysles, we can.
[Albert] Maysles has a rich subject matter and tells the story of Iris Apfel's remarkable career, her marriage to husband Carl, who celebrated his 100th birthday during the making of "Iris," and her lasting influence on the fashion business.
Splashy and stylish, just like Iris, who dubs herself "a geriatric starlet."
There might not be that much insight, but there certainly is plenty of geriatric spunk.
"Iris" is the cinematic equivalent of a party, with its titular character as its host. There are plenty of interesting people in attendance, but she's the real star, and less than 90 minutes, we wish the celebration would have gone on just a bit longer.
Apfel is constantly chatting to "Albert" off camera, not to us, and the affection adds an unusual meta level to Iris ... That intimacy is the movie's real subject; it'll make you feel swaddled in stylish conspiracy.
Much like Elaine Stritch, who also wore the same signature owl eyeglasses, Iris Apfel is a New York City character, a grande dame of society, fashion and flea markets.
Iris's offhand irreverence is left unexplained. But the joy of Iris Apfel, and by extension of Iris, is that there's no need to dissect the enigma.
Maysles is clearly entranced by his subject, and all of the big names he interviews - including photographer Bruce Weber, designer Dries van Noten and Architectural Digest Editor-in-Chief Margaret Russell - are similarly smitten.
Maysles' portrait of Iris Apfel, a 93-year-old self-described "geriatric starlet," is surprisingly memorable, graced with an unforced but unmistakable charm.
When she says "It's better to be happy than well-dressed," there are a lot of folks you hope get the message.
Traveling to vintage clothing stores from W. 27th St. to Palm Beach, Fla., Apfel creates excursions that are like time spent with your coolest, funniest and most sage aunt. Her energy and life philosophy are inspiring, and will never go out of style.
Iris never feigns importance as a documentary, and is all the richer for it.
Maysles was undoubtedly the ideal cameraman to enter Iris' life and simply observe her non-stop activity, and his visual eloquence is an understated but constant asset to "Iris."
There are few better ways right now to spend 80 movie minutes than to see Iris, a delightful eye-opener about life, love, statement eyeglasses, bracelets the size of tricycle tires and the art of making the grandest of entrances.
With Iris, the late, great documentarian Albert Maysles, who died this year at age 88, delivers a particularly elegiac movie swan song.
The film exists as a document both of a witty, good-natured society fixture and of a very particular moment in history.
Viewer entertainment will vary in direct proportion to interest in the unusual but ultimately mundane details of Apfel's day-to-day. She is, for what it's worth, good company.
Iris is more than just a movie about an amusing lady who likes clothes an awful lot. It's also a celebration of the revivifying power of creativity ...
Iris isn't groundbreaking doc filmmaking, but it's amiable and jovial in a way rarely seen in the field, which tends more toward drama, trauma, and forwarding big causes.
Knowing Albert Maysles made the film already gives it instant credibility, but Iris' flamboyant personality is animated enough to make the film sweet, enchanting, and quite lovable.
A singular eccentric and fashion icon gets a nice "direct cinema" documentary profile by the late Albert Maysles.
Maysles endearingly reveals Apfel's blend of blind passion and keen practicality, her unflagging enthusiasm for transmitting her knowledge to young people, and her synoptic view of fashion as living history.
Albert Maysles's portrait of Iris Apfel gradually emerges with cathartic clarity without compromising her inherent mystery.
An admiring and amusing documentary.
Iris is a fond portrait of a personality who could easily be regarded as a freakshow. Better, though, to say that she's an entertainer.
Daffy, brassy, inspiring, and a bit slight.
An interest in fashion is not required to enjoy and admire this truly original character.
Warmly reveals Iris Apfel is more than her owlish glasses. . .Followed for a year+. . . Maysles's legendary cinema verité technique is most effective at watching her shop.

@highlight

A small, insightful feature with a deceptively thoughtful thesis, Iris adds a bittersweet postscript to director Albert Maysles' filmography.