Sometimes a movie hits the rarest of heights, in fact, some may refer to it as a low. A film that's so utterly bad it's actually good.
An exploitative mystery horror film in which Edward Woodward overacts his heart out.
LaBute has replaced the seduction of the first film with a general sense of bewilderment and loss; it's good for building tension but doesn't fit with the payoff. The plot elements lead where they need to go well enough but don't mix particularly well.
When The Wicker Man offers more laughs than Talladega Nights, it might be a sign for the auteur to switch brands to comedy
Nicolas Cage gives the worst performance of his career opposite Kate Beahen in this useless update of Robin Hardy's far creepier 1973 original suspense movie based on Anthony Shaffer's novel.
Laughable, awful, and downright ridiculous.
...there's just something inherently entertaining about watching [Nicolas Cage] one-up himself every few minutes...
In the final act of The Wicker Man, when Nicolas Cage has donned a bear suit, you have to wonder just what it is you're watching.
It's a troubled strangeness - the uncommon sight of a literate studio film extolling messages most literate audiences can't get behind - that makes the movie's whole presence fascinating.
...features an over-the-top leading man utilizing every single tic in his arsenal that has ever been impersonated by a comedian, and doing so seemingly with gleeful abandon and blissful unawareness
The Wicker Man's long journey through the decades and across the ocean has led somewhere no one could have predicted, or wanted.
Bad idea. Bad film.
By the time he's running through the woods in a bear suit, it's hard to take any of it seriously.
Neil LaBute's remake of The Wicker Man is a stupid, stupid movie.
Neil LaBute -- who never met a story he couldn't turn into a paranoid castration fantasy -- dumbs things down enough to insult the stupid.
LaBute's remake could be an atonement, a perversely clever way of turning the gun on himself... or a conspiracy theorist's invective against a gender he fears and loathes.
click to read full review
The '73 film is brilliantly constructed and ends with a punctuation mark that was shocking in its day. LaBute's movie attempts to shock, as well, and does: Given the names involved and the casting of Cage, it is shockingly bad.
Neil LaBute's remake of the British horror classic is as wooden as its titular effigy... and wholly unnecessary.
Cage lumbers around in full-on shouty mode and his character is never particularly likeable ... whilst decent actresses like Frances Conroy and Ellen Burstyn are given very little to do beyond trying to keep a straight face.
Nearly all of what made the 1973 film such an unforgettable cinematic experience is lost in translation.
Part of the original's effectiveness derived from the main character, whose strong religious convictions were ultimately used against him in the most sinister of ways, a dimension the new film is sorely lacking.
Neil LaBute's utterly misconceived remake of Robin Hardy's 1973 cult horror film is a boring, fright-free catastrophe.
The blatancy of the outcome siphons any intended suspense, already padded by an overbearingly atmospheric score.
I've seen many ill-advised horror remakes in my time. The Wicker Man may be the worst ever.
This film falls into the 'good wierd' catagory-even if you don't care for it, you will love telling people about it.
A castration-anxiety companion piece to 'The Da Vinci Code,' only this time the 'suppression of the female' is responsible for a murderous island cult of goddess-worshipping honey harvesters...
Neil LaBute's remake is a disastrous miscalculation, shucking religion completely and instead fashioning the tale as a battle between upstanding male dominance and wicked feminist doctrine.
Let's just say that sometimes the best-laid plans of mice and men -- and movie-makers -- go up in smoke.
So hilarious it's entertaining, "The Wicker Man" is fairly aflame with ridiculous moments.
so bad that it's scary.
The Wicker Man occupies some silly, nebulous middle ground between mystery and horror.
Rotten, risible, rubbish. One of the year's worst films.
...doesn't much bother with such niceties as a credible creed or an internally consistent plot.
I may be alone in this -- and you'll have to give it the benefit of a lot of doubt -- but I thought it was interesting.
Despite retaining significant chunks of Shaffer's dialogue to go along with the basic story structure, LaBute has transformed the eerie, disturbing psychological thriller into an unintentional comedy.
The plot is nonsensical but the cast and Edenic setting is worth a look.
...intentionally or not, in reimagining this classic he's created In the Company of Women without the satire.
"Every time I turn my head," he sputters, "there's something that doesn't make any sense." Exactly.
I don't know whether this remake is faithful. Did the original include a scene in which the leading man puts on a bear costume in an effort to infiltrate cultists?
Two train wrecks' worth of silliness and a couple carloads of nonsense.
Nic meets his ex-fiancé, Willow, whose submarine-sized lips seem to be gradually folding around her head like a collagen Venus Flytrap.
The movie's depiction of an evil matriarchal society is so over-the-top...one almost wonders if LaBute is intentionally aiming for laughs.
Watching Cage karate chop Leelee "Made-for-TV" Sobiesky into submission is almost worth the price of admission. Well, assuming admission was free.
I'd look more kindly on Neil LaBute's profoundly silly movie... if I thought he meant any of it in jest, if any of it were winking at us even a little.
Idiotic, presumptuous and definitely unnecessary.
The Wicker Man is comically inept as a horror movie, unable to even manage an effective false scare, or sustain suspense for more than a beat or two.
To his credit Cage plays it with an admirably straight face, even when mugging a woman for her bear costume. But then he must have known from the beginning he was backing a loser.
The whole movie is a wicker doll %u2013 competently constructed and empty in the middle.
Unintentionally one of the funniest movies of the summer. Too bad it's supposed to be a thriller.
LaBute's meandering and goofy-minded horror/suspense thriller Wicker will garner more spontaneous chuckles than an overactive feather tickling a sensitive underarm.
Though downgraded perhaps in comparison to the 1973 original, this version is competent enough and holds sufficient suspense.
Ill-advised Hollywood remake.
LaBute's art-house misogyny + Warner Bros' need for a late-summer horror flick + a niche mood exercise that doesn't exactly scream for the multiplex treatment = one big mess.
Human sacrifice and a stringent lesbian cult...what's not to like?
...Burstyn simply should have known that any film that required her to make up like Mel Gibson in Braveheart and run through fields flapping her arms was a bad move.
Instead of maintaining a mysterious tone to follow its suspenseful opening scenes, 'The Wicker Man' soon turns into something almost laughable.
There are also moments that are so unintentionally funny I wish they'd bring back Mystery Science Theater 3000 to give this movie a good ribbing.
Strips away all that was fascinatingly subtextual and deliciously provocative about that unforgettably moody 1973 cult masterpiece, and then pisses on its bare corpse.
The original Wicker Man had its flaws, particularly in the lumpy pacing. LaBute's thoroughly inessential remake not only lovingly reproduces those flaws, it introduces a slew of new ones.
The film is being marketed as a horror thriller, but it lacks suspense and is never particularly scary. It's just weak, and the misogyny that has always animated LaBute's work is really tired. Man, give it a rest already.
The whole thing is transparently a concoction, and so even though the movie holds you, its climax lacks that tingle of madness. All that's burning is some sticks.
The Wicker Mangled.
This certainly won't be a favorite of Gloria Steinem.
LaBute saves his big guns for the ending - but by the time you've seen Cage in a bear suit and Burstyn in Braveheart blue-face, no ending is going to save him.
For viewers, the biggest challenge may be holding back screams of laughter as Summersisle is revealed to be the Island of Awful Acting. ... the original film ended with a sudden shock, this one climaxes with high hilarity.
If a successful marriage were ever engineered to join this artist's personal Heaven and Hell, these late cinematic offspring might finally be as vigorous as his firstborn.
LaBute's remake is an interesting idea that never transforms into a particularly satisfying movie.
This wasn't a horror film the first time around, and LaBute makes sorry feints at effective creepiness.
The first Wicker Man was about a cult. The remake is more about a dolt.
Cage over the years has more than earned a reputation as an actor who is not afraid to embarrass himself, but in the cause of The Wicker Man, that seems less a commendation than a horrible misjudgment.
Nicolas Cage's finest hours are not spent frantically running through a forest in The Wicker Man, especially when he must do so dressed in a bear suit.
It's never as scary or suspenseful as it aspires to be, but it might just be the greatest bad movie of the year, with its clunky writing resulting in some surprisingly entertaining kooky moments.
Far more ambitious and stylish than most of today's horror crop, Neil LaBute's remake of the 1973 U.K. cult classic The Wicker Man unfortunately still falls far short of its mark.
Ahhhhhh, what a waste of talent! For shame!!!!
The sense of dread that should pervade every frame of film is nowhere to be found. It plays like an expensively produced commercial for some organic product grown with loving care by devotees of all-natural farming and/or animal husbandry
A half-compelling, half-goofy and half-redundant piece of remake revisionism. (Yes, that's three halves, but it's that weird a movie.)
All the fertility rites in the secluded Pacific Northwest island of Summersisle can't bring life to Neil Labute's barren remake of 1973's The Wicker Man.
[LaBute] turns Shaffer's compelling war of beliefs -- doctrinaire Calvinism vs. dogmatic animism, each as rewarding and demanding as the other -- into a wishy-washy clash between 'normal society' and womynist weirdos.
All in all, I would categorize The Wicker Man as an interesting failure.
Yet another needless 're-imagining' of a '70s cult fave that, truth to tell, is better remembered than actually viewed, Neil LaBute's folly follows the basic plot outline of the 1974 Brit horror opus of the same title.
Holy psychosexual issues, LaBute-Man!
Critics will readily seize on the new film's quirks and deem it a turkey. But the film has many (moderate) strengths.
It is perhaps a tad unreasonable to recommend that actor Nicolas Cage and writer/director Neil LaBute be burned at the stake for what they've done to The Wicker Man, that most British of cult movies.
Bracket the summer with this Warner Bros. flop and that opening disaster, Poseidon and you can't help but notice how long it's been since Warners did anything worth noting that wasn't a remake.
The Wicker Man is misconceived, miscast and, where suspense is concerned, thinner than a Katie Couric publicity photo.
Really could have used a few musical numbers and more cavorting naked women.
I had no idea The Wicker Man remake was a comedy.
Writer-director Neil LaBute's remake of the 1973 British movie The Wicker Man should have had 'Don't make me!' stamped on the first page of the script.
The funniest bad movie since Aeon Flux.
I can see where LaBute is going...but the end result is unintentionally hilarious
The most risible backwoods thriller since M. Night Shyamalan traveled to The Village.
The gimmicky horror-flick conventions ultimately drag the film to a screeching halt.
Something Wicker this way comes...and you'd be advised to stay away.
In the remake, LaBute has Cage beating up women with karate kicks, and has placed an insulting coda on the film that screams of studio intervention of the worst kind. This is not progress.
LaBute does a decent job of translating it to 2006, but the idea behind it just isn't as cool as it once was.
This is the kind of film for which Golden Raspberries were invented.
...you wonder if maybe the filmmakers know they've cooked a turkey and have decided to just embrace it (surely they could have found Cage a less ridiculous animal outfit).
When he was reading the script, and saw the part of the movie where he is supposed to run through the forest in a bear suit, I hope Cage asked for a huge pay raise.
A truly odd, yet unmistakably engaging, remake.
The pacing of The Wicker Man never escaped the velocity of a trotting horse. Think of an old man making his way across the room, on a walker, to get at the Jello cups.







@highlight

Puzzlingly misguided, Neil LaBute's update The Wicker Man struggles against unintentional comedy and fails.