The lackadaiscal plot, cheesy jokes and lack of originality make Caddy nothing more than a trashy comedy, but at least it's occasionally an entertaining one.
Who's Your Caddy isn't just a wretched exercise in formulaic hack writing, lazy acting and appalling stereotyping -- it's also just sort of icky.
Black people playing golf? Outrageous!
[A] depressing, stereotype-filled reworking of Caddyshack.
Nearly every element of the plot rips off the mangy 1980 comedy Caddyshack, right down to Ted Knight's controlling country-club patron and Rodney Dangerfield's nouveau riche upstart.
Who's Your Caddy? is the sort of film Homer Simpson might watch, perhaps on a triple bill with Hail to the Chimp and The School of Hard Knockers.
The players appear to be having a good time, though the situation is too sitcom-familiar to be funny.
Replays the same underdog outsiders-vs.-Establishment snobs scenario found in a million earlier stories about hillbillies in Beverly Hills, nerds on campus, Marx Brothers at the opera and so on.
Big Boi's awful golf comedy is way below par.
Operates in broad, one-note, stereotyped lowest common denominator strokes that yield very little in the way of funny.
Instantly disposable.
...strictly amateur night.
About the best that can be said for this clunky mixture of tired stereotypes, obvious gags, and on-the-nose social commentary is that it's relatively short, clocking in just less than 90 minutes.
I don't know how screenwriters could turn out this rip-off of "Caddyshack" and not get sued.
There are two clues that this movie will be worthless: 1) The premise is old and tired; 2) It's called 'Who's Your Caddy?'
...let us call the completely dreadful Caddyshack II the Glitter of golf cinema, leaving Who's Your Caddy to be its From Justin to Kelly.
The most degrading, minstrel coon show since Soul Plane!
There's probably more wit and pointed social commentary in the average four-minute OutKast song than in the entirety of Who's Your Caddy?
C-Note is essentially a one-note character. And that note is flat.
A fiasco that never met a crass stereotype it didn't milk for lowest-common-denominator laughs.
Director Don Michael Paul's only other movie you may have heard of (2002's Half Past Dead) was a Steven Seagal movie -- and his latest pales in comparison.
A subpar attempt to bring a hip-hop twist to Caddyshack-style slobs-versus-snobs comedy.
The movie decides, after 30 minutes of black people clowning like it's 1939, to be a melodrama about injustice and, sigh, redemption.
A summer movie trifle that's somehow shamelessly derivative and genuinely amusing at the same time.
The movie, of course, is terrible.
The latest entry in the storied 'white people are like this, black people are like that' comedy subgenre.
Wake me when urban films stop using "get back at whitey" as a comedic device.
If this demeaning movie had been made by mainstream Hollywood, it would be courting charges of racism.
Ultimately this is utterly forgettable stuff, not even managing to fulfill its mandate of mindless summer fun.
Where Caddy really shines is in the supporting comedy ensemble, which acts like a demented Greek chorus, tossing out bits of incongruous dialogue that hit the funny bone more often than not.
"...populated exclusively by clownish characters - of every color.
It's staggering how little ambition the formerly aim-high Outkast crew showed with this limp Caddyshack knock-off.
The snooty country club is one of the easiest institutions to lampoon. So why does Who's Your Caddy? make us feel almost sorry for the power elite?
Rap isn't the irritant; you'd get dirty looks at a golf course for blasting Kenny G too.
The few gags that are even kind of funny will elicit polite golf applause and not much else.

@highlight

A juvenile, uninspired retread of Caddyshack , Who's Your Caddy? is unoriginal, unfunny, and just plain forgettable.