When you've got a badass superhero with evil futuristic drug lord enemies, you'd better have a damn good theory about the meaning of existence if we're going to take lots of time out to talk about it. And Lucy doesn't.
While the whole thing slips by smoothly, and Johansson effortlessly uses both gears in her repertoire, this was probably never going to be anything more than a serviceable rainy Tuesday afternoon film.
Lucy may fail to woo the mainstream audience as it doesn't boast an extravagant budget or thrilling special effects.
With a little legwork on the fact-checking, Lucy could have been an inventive and exciting piece of science-fiction. As is, however, it's a dumb action movie with a decent performance from Scarlett Johansson...
Even as it plumbs the depths of the universe for Johansson, Lucy seems thoughtlessly bound to the least desirable elements of the known world when it comes to its Asian setting and cast.
Do we need repeating? Watch it for the 'breathtaking' VFX and Scarlett Johansson and for 90 minutes of visual delight.
For a film so centered on mental breakthroughs, this story is nothing innovative.
In the end, Lucy probably has a good chance of becoming a cult classic along the lines of Videodrome, and that's just fine.
It's a film that takes great delight in her essentially co-opting a long series of tropes and storylines typically reserved for men in stories of this type, which is an old trope in the feminist action movie wheelhouse.
let it grab you by the noodle and zap you into its whacked-out vision of human existence. You'll feel much better for it, I promise.
Throughout it all, Johansson is a cool and calm presence.
Ms. Scarlett is mad appealing, capable and fierce. Lucy is no more illogical than any superhero movie you've ever seen, and an hour shorter.
Say what you will about 'Lucy,' which is an absurdly silly and sometimes aggressively stupid movie, but it's at least interested in showing us something new.
Prof. Norman (Freeman) says we use 10 percent of our brains. Dolphins, at 20 percent, evolved bio-sonar so sophisticated science can't match it. Watch Lucy evolve 100 percent.
It's an antagonistically unintelligent piece, one that clearly views itself as equal parts entertaining and profound. It's neither.
It's basically a fantasy wrapped in the guise of science and used as an excuse for an action thriller, but what a thriller. This is a kinetic explosion at its best with Johansson striding through it with a sense of drive and assuredness...
A short, fast, violent, outrageously overconfident film full of ludicrous pseudo-science and crazy pop-philosophy.
As much fun as breathlessly devouring a dime-store pulp novel on a lazy Sunday afternoon, Lucy is a delightfully eccentric addition to the crazy French director's filmography.
The character Lucy may be all brain, but the film is all heart.
Is it fair to assume someone may have been USING a massive amount of highly experimental, illegal designer drugs when they came up with this?
More interesting as the final panel of the 2013-14 Scarlett Johansson "what is human?" triptych than it is in and of itself.
I think the moral of the story is that drugs are awesome. So is Scarlett.
There's never any tension or suspense to the movie, because whatever Lucy faces, we know her big brain will inexplicably be able to handle it.
This sci-fi thriller, starring Scarlett Johansson, romps through space and time, thanks to the fast-paced directing style of Luc Besson. Who cares if it doesn't make sense? Can we have another, please?
It would be a stretch to call it smart, but 'Lucy' isn't stupid either, and Besson is sensible enough to allow the film to sprint with its idea until starts to get tired, and then stop.
Faster than the speed of light, Lucy is certainly the best film I've seen this summer.
Smartly conceived, "Lucy" is one of those great "what if" films you occasionally stumble across that has you thinking long after it's ended.
Lucy is more of the same mostly nonsensical gibberish we've come to expect from Late Period Besson (TAKEN 2!).
Built on an erroneous premise, "Lucy" is a creative, but hollow film that tries too hard for success.
Besson's most ambitious realization of his peculiarly exuberant notion of girl power.
Lucy is a barnstorming, breakneck bullsh**fest; a dummy stuffed with pseudoscience. It's also the most entertaining film Besson's made in years.
[A] supremely silly and pleasurable action movie.
Lucy is just a film that takes an intriguing (albeit absurd) narrative, and builds a world around it that is easy to get lost within.
A fast-paced sci-fi thriller that combines action-packed set-pieces with philosophical looks at the nature of humanity.
Luc Besson gleefully combines two of his favourite movie elements - fit women and wildly insane action - in this raucous guilty pleasure.
Rollickingly entertaining - up to a point.
A dizzyingly silly, extravagantly enjoyable sci-fi thriller.
Lucy is a brash, breezy and breathlessly paced thriller, with a high-concept plot that falls apart the moment you start thinking about it. But Besson's camera moves so fast that you rarely get the chance.
It would be overstating it to suggest that Besson is enjoying a major creative renaissance but Lucy is the best film he has made in a very long time.
The movie's title character may find her brainpower increasing as the running time counts down; chances are you'll feel like your own IQ levels are dropping just as rapidly as you watch it.
In this pile of adolescent heavy-metal-deep pseudo-sci-fi philosophy, the meaning of humanity (or lack thereof) depends on how "cool" something looks onscreen.
Lucy is a stupendously effective exercise in high-end misdirection.
French writer/director Luc Besson has created a cottage industry of female action heroines with big guns and small skirts.
Besson is a keen pilferer of anything that's looked good in other people's movies.
It's barmy but there are enough enthralling moments in which action clichés (fights, car chases) are turned on their head, to often breathtaking visual effect.
Besson is at his balls-out bonkers best in this genre-scrambling, mind-expanding exhilarator. Find it on the biggest screen available and just say 'Yes'...
Those expecting a straight-ahead action movie in Luc Besson's "Lucy" may find this sci-fi head-scratcher a little crazy - but I don't think it's crazy enough.
To the degree that Lucy's adventure is even temporarily plausible, let alone engaging, it's because Johansson makes it so.
Ridiculous stuff mostly but entertaining and Johansson is terrific.
To its credit, Lucy doesn't shy away from making its main character inhuman.
Makes The Fifth Element look like 2001 by comparison.
Who remembers the last good Luc Besson movie? Time to reset that particular clock, as he's returned with a stormer.
Its sputtering eccentricity is at least preferable to the flat chauvinism of so many shoot-'em-ups - and it's certainly Besson's most enjoyable bad movie in ages.
Lucy is not about to win any prizes from Mensa ... but this isn't quite like any other blockbuster you'll see this year.
Besson is audacious, bending time and space at [Lucy's] will with comic effect - in the sense that it's funny and reminiscent of a kitsch cartoon strip - only pausing briefly every now and then for a bit of philosophical musing.
It seems Besson has been saving up all his Frenchness for this - the most pretentious B-movie of all time.
Lucy is immensely inconsistent and exceedingly daft and yet it remains a good deal of fun.
For most of its short running time this is sincerely, watchably and gloriously crackers.
What begins as a thrilling pastiche of comic-book formula gets bogged down in its own scientific prattle - not that you ever stop adoring Johansson's magnificent heroine.
Besson reminds us how limber he can be...The material is always cheeky in its sense of humor and stylistic and cultural allusions...and frequently, if not fundamentally, provocative...
If this represents just 10% of Luc Besson's creative potency, the mind boggles at what he could achieve at full capacity.
Science-fiction lunacy
Here, at last, is a film based on the Kantian model of transcendental idealism.
Lucy is pretty silly, but it trots out varied philosophical and metaphysical themes. This is the kind of thing that often spawns mini-cults in rentals.
Besson has taken a silly concept and elevated it to a level that can best be described as insane poetry.
No-one shoots a Parisian car chase like Besson, and he's capable of a garishly vulgar set piece; the set-up of the movie - the opening twenty or so minutes - is quite excellent. It's total EuroTrash, but with a Scarlett sheen.
While the story is concisely and confidently told, there's something chilly about Lucy (and Johansson's) sudden goodbye to life as we know it.
Johansson, a good actress, succeeds in making this nonsense more believable than it otherwise might be.
After a decade of uncertain performances in often thankless roles, Scarlett Johansson is interesting again. She seems to have found her niche in science fiction: Luc Besson's Lucy is the third film in a row - after Her and Under The Skin.
Luc Besson's grasp cannot sustain his out of this world vision of creating an action movie that is as revolutionary in its ideas as it's stimulating in its visuals, resulting in a muddled mess of both.
When it's done you're a little groggy and resent yourself a bit. But its absurdly slick, wholly surface-level appeal is hard to deny.
Another sci-fi film that eschews the science for too much fiction.
It's so easy to pick apart the gaping the plot-holes and scientific flaws in Luc Besson's latest flight of fancy, Lucy. But to get mired down in such details would be to miss out on a whole lot of fun.
A breathtaking combination of an adrenaline junkie highlight reel and a supremely silly sci-fi storyline.
A high-velocity download to the finish.
Luc Besson's best movie in almost 10 years...
The filmmaker sets up his premise like an attention-deficient kid playing with action figures while console gaming and surfing Wikipedia.
Heaven forbid, but could it be possible that the French are now making better action films than the Americans? It appears so, if Lucy is any guide.
Like a vitamin sticking out of a sundae, Lucy smuggles important questions within its rambunctious, dizzy-making set pieces. And through it all, Johansson remains totally compelling. Lucy is too much fun.
A cheap thrill masquerading as a philosophical discussion.
Those who have spent the last decade upset that Neo didn't start The Matrix Reloaded as all-powerful as he seemed to be at the end of The Matrix will get something of a reckoning with Lucy.
No one has ever accused French action director Luc Besson of thinking too hard, and this frantic exercise in pseudoscience and goofball metaphysics is best enjoyed by following his lead.
It's what summer movies are all about, and it has no shame in achieving this.
It does, in a limited way, explore the idea of human potential, evolution, and what it means to be human. In short, despite many plot holes, this film is a little more ambitious than I expected it to be.
French action ace Besson comes full circle ... a bravura blend of sci-fi, comic-book action, National Geographic cutaways ... like watching the primeval forest scenes from 'Tree of Life' spliced into 'Taken.'
It does succeed at being a very, very dumb movie about being very, very smart - for whatever that's worth.
Lucy is trippy. It's Lucy in the Sky with Dimwits.
I expected dumb. An incomprehensible mess punctuated with cheese-encrusted CGI effects, phony philosophizing and outbursts of tedium, I did not.
Though not without its charms, "Lucy" is a dumb, goofy movie about what it would mean to be really, really smart.
I don't know where CPH4 stands on the narcotics table, but this is a large dose of pseudo-science entertainment and an attitudinally hot character sketch for Ms Johansson's brain.
Great premise, terrific set-up, excellent effects and a world-class performance by Scarlett Johansson but ultimately it has nowhere to go.
The weirdness Besson really has in mind is decidedly uncommercial at best, inscrutably indulgent at worst.
More comic than cosmic.
...strains credulity to the breaking point...There's a good story to be told about capturing the power of the brain but it's not this one...
...Besson mines so much entertainment value out of his absurd, unrelenting foolishness as to feel manically inspired in its own way.
You've just got to let go and enjoy Lucy for the mindfully mindless entertainment it is
Did I mention the dinosaur? Dinosaur.
more frustrating than it is intellectually engaging.
Weird yet strangely intriguing, posing fascinating philosophical questions, like: Does time truly exist? Why are we here? And is our essence immortal?
An eye-popping fever dream of a science-fiction movie, 'Lucy' is one of the best movies screenwriter/director Luc Besson has wrought.
It takes brains to be this idiotic.
An audacious film that stimulates and tantalises both visually and intellectually
The sci-fi thriller can only go so far with its daffiness before things become too mindless for comfort.
A valiant if ultimately futile attempt to graft a brainy mind-bender onto a traditional action film template, Luc Besson's Lucy frequently comes across as The Tree of Life as directed by Michael Bay.
Scarlett Johansson kicking ass in a Luc Besson action film sounds like a good idea.
A movie about intelligence that isn't half as smart as it pretends to be.
Lots of Sc-fi Little Effect,
Part philosophical/scientific treatise, part action movie, a film that goes from mayhem to boredom in a heartbeat.
Besson has made very, very bad films in the past, but this is the first time he has presented one so idiotic that the only way to properly convey its flaws is to enumerate them.
Thank goodness Mr. Jang (Min-Sik Choi), the preeminent villain in movies this year, almost saves the day when the story veers toward territory already presented last spring in Johnny Depp's "Transcendence."
Scarlett Johansson carries the film effortlessly, bridging Besson's narrative and logical ellipses by fully embracing his crowd-pleasing intentions and convincingly depicting Lucy's psychological transformation.
Lucy is not just tongue-in-cheek. No, the tongue bursts out of the cheek, wraps all the way around the back of the head, and comes in through the opposite cheek.
Lucy will not speak to a wide audience but those that fall within its target reach should be rewarded with some thought-provoking science fiction.
Ludicrous and atrocious in nearly every way, Lucy is absolutely brainless; which is quite ironic given the concept of the film.
This movie worries that humanity is wasting its potential, which is a bizarre fear for a movie that has this many nonsensical shootouts. But that's what on Besson's mind: the Big Bang and bang-bang.
In the showiest sequence, Lucy's body starts exploding into bursts of confetti. Even then, Johannson holds everything together. She's the rare actress who brings conviction and clarity to flights of fancy.
Lucy is like a parody of pretentious filmmaking, only not as smart.
I know we're supposed to think that Besson's daffy cinematic calisthenics are entertaining because at least they are not boring. But I was bored.
Besson doesn't claim his latest globetrotting science-fiction thriller is based on fact, of course, but its ambitions are muddled by a lack of conviction.
What might we be capable of if we used all of our brains? Anything! Whether it makes sense or not! As long as it fits the needs of the scene.
Holding all this together is Johansson, who has the exact right take on the material: slightly invested, mostly removed, observing it all with a sly grin.
No, you do not only use 10 percent of our brains - with the possible exception of when you are watching a Michael Bay movie.
Lucy is either the dumbest smart film or the smartest dumb film I've ever seen.
Besson squanders a chance to make his film a really powerful one.
See "Lucy" simply to watch Johansson kick butt, spout some philosophy and, with the help of CGI, move through time and space with the casual swipe of her palm.
Lucy is a welcome reminder of just how much Besson's wry sensibility as a filmmaker adds to movies like this.
The summer's best, coolest, juiciest, smartest action movie.
"Lucy" is constantly playful and awestruck. Besson... genuinely seems moved by the capability of humans to do good.
Besson thrives on this sort of baloney, and his enthusiasm can be infectious.
It wants to be a thinking man's action movie, but it's really a by-the-numbers revenge movie for people who thought The Butterfly Effect was profound.
An outlandishly entertaining mixture of high silliness and high style.
It's a funny thing how smart and stupid often seem so similarly mechanical in movies, but thanks to Johansson's performance, we have a fizzy cocktail of a film that blends both ingredients.
You'd be hard pressed to identify one idea, scene or element in the picture that is not a cliche. But the total package feels fresh.
It's like he wants to make his own "2001," but can't resist putting in a climactic gunfight between HAL and Dave.
This is one bonkers movie, filled with enough sci-fi concepts for an entire series and just enough grisly action to get by during its sub-ninety minute runtime.
Move over, Liam Neeson. There's an unlikely new action hero on the Euro-American market.
It's often entertaining, tying together a race against time, a sci-fi actioner and a female empowerment story with some junk science and bubble gum. Sadly, though, "Lucy" doesn't aim as high as it could.
A sci-fi yarn that ponders the meaning of time and the importance of evolution while occasionally throwing in some shootouts.
"Lucy" may be scientific hogwash, but it does raise all sorts of questions you rarely find in a shoot-out flick.
For Besson devotees who sat stoically through "The Lady" (or patiently during that endless "Arthur and the Invisibles" series) "Lucy" is a trippy return to form - to mind-twisting stories, to rocket-propelled camerawork, to eyes-wide-open dreams.
High-octane nonsense. Whether you take to it will depend on whether you consider "high-octane" or "nonsense" the more important word.
A dynamic melange of conflicting genres balanced on a high wire of pure irony.
Sets up a perfect Charles Bronson-style vengeance movie, but goes and screws it up by getting artsy!
With my limited ten percent brain capacity, it's possible that I couldn't grasp the film's greatness ... but I doubt it. Lucy is bland on arrival.
The latest disappointing effort from Luc Besson, is probably the closest you'll come to a very bad sci-fi acid trip.
A movie of tireless ideas and exciting stylistic panache.
"Lucy" ends up being one of the more pleasant surprises in this bleak summer, proving to be far more substantial than you'd expect.
...behind the shootings and special effects is a smart movie that may surprise you.
I think Luc Besson only used 10% of his brain in writing this.
If you can forgive or ignore those faults, Lucy delivers the goods by the end, both as a brainy thought experiment and as a summer popcorn flick.
No one onscreen has the answers to the lofty questions Besson poses and, despite all the dizzying and splendid imagery of the film's closing frames, it's patently clear that neither does he.
Aside from the regressive portrait of its heroine, the movie is a mess of pseudo-scientific babble.
In filmmaking, it's always better to end your story early and be accused of the crime of not using your whole brain than to keep going and be found guilty of it.
Feigns depth, but what lingers is Besson's regressive belief that even the most intelligent woman on earth can't figure out how to get her way without a miniskirt and a gun
It's a startling blast of cinematic zeal and philosophical provocation -- the work of someone fully engaged by the medium.
Johansson turns in a performance of remarkable range.
Does it make sense? Not at all. Is it boring? Not that either.
This goofily enjoyable but ultimately forgettable techno-thriller plays like a cross between Transcendence and La Femme Nikita with a bit of Hong Kong-style action and low-rent 2001-era Stanley Kubrick thrown in for good measure.
At first, it's dazzling. Besson forgets, however, that he's promised us pulp entertainment and instead delivers a serious treatise on next-step metaphysics.
You can scoff at Besson's philosophies and hypotheses, but to do that would miss what's in front of you. "Lucy" is an impeccably realized vision of Besson's view of things.
The movie devolves into a melange of digital effects and sequences of glamorous slaughter, as Lucy swaggers around, with that big brain, and slouches toward becoming a full-lipped deity.
Wait, wasn't Bradley Cooper here in 2011's "Limitless"? Yes, but "Lucy" takes the concept into eerier and more visually baroque territory than that much-underappreciated genre film.
"Lucy" is insane, makes very little sense, doesn't stand up to scrutiny and is an absolute blast.
...Johansson's tranced out dehumanization mixed with wonder is about as fine as anyone could do given this material, where fast firing brain neurons apparently increase one's laptop RAM to something approaching the speed of light.
just goes through the motions, mangling what could have been a hyperactive sci-fi thriller
It's gleefully bold, visually adventurous, often funny, strikingly concise -- the whole heart-pounding tale is over in 90 minutes -- and 100% entertaining.
The film, repeating a widespread myth, asserts that the rest of us muddle through on just 10 percent of our cranial horsepower. Besson's target audience seems to be somewhere lower than that.
With such an empty core, it's hard to love "Lucy," but it's also hard to change the channel when it promises wisdom with just a spoonful of Vitameatavegamin.
But because Besson is so limited in his vision, she resembles a gorgeous robot more than a fascinatingly evolved human being.
Buoyed by Ms. Johansson's presence, Mr. Besson keeps his entertainment machine purring. He may be a hack, but he's also a reliable entertainer ...
It is tightly wound and briskly told, but, like Besson's other films, veers wildly from serious to fantastic to ridiculous.
The film's tone shifts so drastically, as if Carl Sagan suddenly replaced John Woo as director.
[A] silly-fun but highly flawed sci-fi shoot-'em-up.
Lucy would be fine without the pseudo-intellectualism, just Scarlett Johansson doing her faster pussycat thing with guns, knives and stunt doubles.
Plot and characters have been dumped with magnificent glee down a rabbit hole of illogic and surreality.
A breathless piece of stylized sci-fi action inspired by graphic novels, M-rated video games and classic car chases from The Blues Brothers and To Live and Die in L.A.
Jammed with far-out-dude gobbledygook about brain capacity and violent Asian mobsters, Lucy is easily the summer's most gaga super-powered caper.
A daring, giddy joy ride of an adventure, Lucy races along, leaves a swirlingly confused trail behind it, as it tracks a single intelligence that's rapidly evolving from human to universal.
A stylish action thriller that is equal parts dazzling and ludicrous.
Appealingly insane, with esoteric and professorial touches that all but guarantee it a healthy future as a cult film once heads stop spinning and all refunds are completed.
A philosophical action drama that showcases the brain's incredible powers.
Scarlett Johansson scores as big-brained butt-kicker.
How ironic that in a movie about striving for greater intelligence, the takeaway turns out to be that ignorance truly is bliss.
Highly illogical and silly. The main disadvantage with Lucy is that it's trying to be too smart for its own good.
By the time the film exhausts itself-in a brisk 89 minutes-it feels like there's literally nowhere that Lucy and Besson can't go, no boundaries, no laws, no logic. Just go with it.
The director knows his way around a camera, and you can argue about the merits of the storyline. But the dialogue often sounds like it was produced by a primitive computer: Hammy and clunky.
If the narratives never quite mesh, Besson still handles them with his typical verve. Lucy moves with a focus and determination that is bracing.
What starts as a bats--- female revenge fantasy ends as a bad LSD trip. Talk about a buzzkill.
Loony and laughable...There's something outlandish about Besson trying to infuse ideas into his usual jumble of over-the-top action and comic-book violence.
If you surgically grafted a snippet of 'Flowers for Algernon' and a low-end documentary about the human brain onto a Cliff Notes summary of 'La Femme Nikita,' the result might approach the lazy schizophrenia of Luc Besson's latest fembot warrior fantasy.
Truly eccentric. Imagine TREE OF LIFE (right down to the dinosaurs) re-imagined as an eighty-minute action movie and you've got an idea of what Besson is going for. It works better than you'd think.
Like 2001: A Space Odyssey as reimagined by a pothead college dropout who watched clips of Stanley Kubrick's masterpiece on his iPhone while taking a self-defense class.
Operates at about 90 percent stupidity.
The sheer weirdness of Lucy's imagery ... prevents it from registering as run-of-the-mill summertime "dumb fun."
The funny thing about all these sub-Matrix shenanigans is that they're genuinely meant to stoke thought and reflection. Frankly, though, few movies have left me feeling as shorn of gray matter.
Besson keeps the pedal down for 90 breathless minutes, sprinkling the road with dry wit but occasionally taking detours into beautiful, quiet side streets.
It's both a fascinating and a ridiculous idea, but one that's fun to watch, particularly as Besson wisely keeps the film trimmed to a quick-as-a-lightning-bolt 89 minutes.
In overselling his movie's supposed intelligence, Besson just makes it look even stupider.
Luc Besson makes an entertaining but often inane sci-fi action movie that mainly works due to Scarlet Johansson's presence on screen.
The fact that Lucy, the enabled heroine in Luc Besson's ambitiously nuts sci-fi-er, can get people to do exactly what she wants them to do by merely glancing at them made me, frankly, a little jealous.
A dumb venture made even dumber by its delusions of intelligence, Lucy starts off as harmless fun but eventually disappears up its own backside, taking every ounce of entertainment value with it.
Bolstered by Scarlett Johansson's confident performance and director Luc Besson's eye for action, Lucy will likely be a bit too much of a mind job for most viewers but it deserves kudos for its sheer loony ambition.
Besson's script offers neither the well-drawn character dynamics nor the clear motivations of a decent comic book origin story; and as it is quickly clear that no baddie has much chance of stopping Lucy, action sequences carry little weight.
Vulgar auteurist Luc Besson finally commits wholeheartedly to his decades-long preoccupation with waifish young women discovering their inner Shiva, spinning the concept out to its most delirious possible extremes.
In America, we call this kind of filmmaking -- designed for airplanes, with a slumming star -- 'cheese,' and just because they'd call it 'brie' in France doesn't make it any less smooth or sinfully satisfying.
Scar-Jo, in short skirts and ruthless, robotic monotone, finds the sweet spot in her acting range and really delivers the goods
Winningly daffy, "Lucy" is writer-director Luc Besson's best film since "The Professional" and perhaps his most ludicrous since then, too.
Once your heroine has become one with the universe, it's hard to get worked up over a dude with a gun, even if it's Oldboy.
It's the stupidest possible movie about being smart, a sort of 2001 for people whose movie-going mantra is 'turn off your brain.'
Scarlett Johansson and writer-director Luc Besson make an effective duo in this agreeably goofy sci-fi thriller.
You can find it either really awesome, or really dumb. I lean more towards the latter.
Ultimately, Lucy is solidly entertaining, though at times its leaps in logic feel a bit silly.
Charming in its stupidity
If 'Lucy' is 'Limitless,' it's 'Limitless' with more than a dash of 'The Tree of Life," and even a bit of 'Under the Skin.'
The action detracts from the sci-fi, the sci-fi makes the action seem unnecessary.
Is it possible for a movie to be brainy and stupid at the same time? Luc Besson's "Lucy" makes a pretty compelling case.
Part common gangster tale and part kaleidoscopic flight of sci-fi fancy, this model of female empowerment fits in with Luc Besson's history of creating strong women characters.

@highlight

Enthusiastic and silly, Lucy powers through the movie's logic gaps with cheesy thrills plus Scarlett Johansson's charm -- and mostly succeeds at it.