Dumb and loud, with questionable material.
Sequels without their original stars are usually sent direct to video. Some deserve better, [but] this isn't one of those.
It's your usual low-budget, unbelievably bad sequel.
Kennedy is feeble and even Alan Cumming makes less of a meal than he could of his role as the petulant god of mischief.
Also struggling vainly against the visual effects are Traylor Howard as Kennedy's wife and Bob Hoskins as Cumming's father, the god Odin.
If nothing else, Son Of The Mask's bad seed baby serves up an all natural commercial for mental birth control.
Whatever possessed director Lawrence Guterman and writer Lance Khazei to transform the sequel to 1994's libidinous hit comedy into pabulum?
The movie strives for a positive message about growing up and embracing the joys of fatherhood, but when the baby's this ugly, you're left wishing the filmmakers had practiced a little cinematic celibacy.
A transparently minimal effort in which many jokes and pivotal plot points are grossly inappropriate for children.
Joyless tedium.
A bright, fast, kiddie-oriented lark.
No doubt extensive market research shows that there's an audience out there for movies like Son Of The Mask, but it's too depressing to speculate who that might be.
The only place for a movie like Son of the Mask is at the bottom of the bargain bin at your local Wal-Mart.
There's no story to speak of, just a string of scenarios usually resulting in everything in sight getting smashed.
Thanks to its garish production design and uniformly unpalatable cast, Son of the Mask is the ugliest kids' film since The Cat in the Hat.
It'll be hard enough to keep the attention of the children and harder still to keep adults from wishing they could get back the hour and half they just lost.
How far down the Hollywood food chain do you have to go before you get stuck with Jamie Kennedy as the star of your movie? Did Ben Affleck turn down Son of the Mask?
Cumming is well-suited to this kind of material, but Kennedy, while decent as a henpecked husband, is unbelievably awful when he dons the green face-paint.
Wait till it comes out on video. You'll know when to turn what off.
Retains absolutely none of its predecessor's manic charm.
Color, movement and loud noises do not disguise an idiotic movie.
Yeech!
A parade of creepy animated baby effects or almost equally disturbing CGI dog effects, all of which smack more of manic desperation than even passing inspiration.
While the bright colors and occasional chuckles might amuse the younger set, this film will seem tediously long to the adult audiences who may even be outraged at the way they've blatantly and badly ripped off the Tex Avery style and plots.
In the five years I've been co-hosting this show, this is the closest I've ever come to walking out halfway through the film, and now that I look back on the experience, I wish I had.
Instead of Jim Carrey's clowning being the film's raison d'etre, it is the sub-par mayhem of Jamie Kennedy and a computer-animated dog and baby.
an awful, unoriginal, infuriating, and endless mess
When anything's possible, nothing matters.
Definitely not for adults, some younger kids may appreciate the wild humor.
...messy and meandering. Clearly, this banal computer-generated clunker has all the witty bounce of a disabled kangaroo. Mask needs to hide its hideous face
You know how awful this movie looks in the previews? Well, that's exactly how bad the movie actually is.
If you are the son of Frankenstein, Flubber, Dracula, Lassie, Ali Baba, Sinbad, Billy the Kid, Davy Crockett, Robin Hood, Tarzan or Satan, you have to accept that the movie about you is likely not as good or memorable as the one about your dad.
Kids aren't going to get the sexual innuendo, and not many adults will enjoy the blast of urine and splatters of snot and vomit.
Has it not occurred to Hollywood that no one wants to see Jim Carrey-less sequels? Isn't that kind of obvious, or have they completely underestimated the comedian's appeal?
It might be early, but this will definitely take the award for worst film of 2005.
Remarkably inept.
It took little effort to push Son of the Mask from memory. Sadly, my duties as a critic have forced me to recall it, and the flashbacks aren't pretty.
It's doggie vs. baby vs. daddy vs. deity in a sequel so cartoonish it makes Who Framed Roger Rabbit (1988) look like a dry documentary.
Alvey is endowed with awesome powers to shape-shift and abuse every living creature that comes within reach of his chubby little hands.
A film top-heavy with joyless Tex Avery-style special effects and a dancing-baby bit embarrassingly reminiscent of TV's Ally McBeal.
Guterman is settling into a niche that blends live action with computer-animated effects, but all those high-tech hijinks are wasted with a sub-par plot line and idiotic action.
With so many cuts a second, all attention goes into following the visuals. Just as well, since the story leaves so little to work with.
Ten years ago it was cool to be s-s-s-mokin'. This is the punishment for enjoying that.
Forget about such fripperies as story and character, and your inner 7-year-old can have a pretty good time with the film's Tex Avery-style mayhem ... and Chuck Jones-inspired sight gags.
It's irritating. And bizarre. Double bill it with the also freakish Super Babies: Baby Geniuses 2 and you might have something -- a new kind of accidental horror film.
Guterman falls into the same trap he set for himself in the equally lifeless Cats & Dogs. There's nothing funny going on around those zany visuals.
It's all very juvenile, yet there's a level of imagination one wouldn't expect from such fluff. It's the sort of visionary immaturity that bridges generations.
Parents who let their kids see this stinker should be brought up on abuse charges; so should the movie ratings board that let this suggestive mess slip by with a PG rating.
What the filmmakers missed in assuming the mask from the earlier film is that it was Carrey's astonishing physical comedy that made that film a hit, not the animation.
If there is any thought more singularly horrifying than that of a mask franchise, may it never enter this critic's humble noggin.
Turns out to be a pretty standard modern comedy with pretty standard special effects and a simplistic message about fathers and sons.
If it tickles your fancy, you'll be reduced to tears.
All of the effort went into the well-done visuals and about four cents went into the script and dumbed-down situations.
What we basically have here is a license for the filmmakers to do whatever they want to do with the special effects, while the plot, like Wile E. Coyote, keeps running into the wall.
It, like the Mask-powered baby in it that has the ability literally to bounce off walls, is all over the place.
90 minutes of flying grand pianos, green vomit, giant hand grenades, and photography that almost takes you into the actors' pores.
None of the sequences take time to develop and buildup; they're just thrown at us mindlessly.
If your idea of a good time is watching your favorite cartoon classics butchered by a CGI dog and a creepy baby resembling a deleted scene from The Polar Express, then...
I've seen some sorry excuses for sequels in my time. But Son of the Mask reeks in a category all its own.
... a harried, screechy film that goes nowhere at a breakneck pace, full of sound and furious slapstick overkill but devoid of wit.
[I]t's either on a sugar high, running all around the place making you nauseated with bizarre camera angles, like up people's noses and crotches... or comatose...
If he keeps working hard and honing his craft, Jamie Kennedy may one day achieve his goal of becoming a second-rate Jim Carrey.
As sequels go, this computer-effects invigorated wall-banger engages only slightly.
Between Son of the Mask and Malibu's Most Wanted Kennedy has ruined all of the potential I saw in him after the Scream movies.
Jamie Kennedy is no Jim Carrey! This misguided, manic exercise is already a contender for one of my 10 Worst Movies of 2005.
Soaked through with garish FX gags and obvious looks at the "funnier" side of bowel movements, streaming urine, and bitten crotches. (But by all means, bring the tots.)
Just another loud, insistent, hyper-stylized piece of children's entertainment, albeit one with a few clever throwaway bon mots...
The infantilization of Son is a serious misstep, replacing the earlier film's bawdy vibe for one that resembles an acid-trip episode of Yes, Dear.
People have this lofty memory of The Mask.Nobody remembers what a slow paced movie it was....cliché plot about a repressed guy,a mean gangster and his hot girlfriend.
Teeters between amusing satire and broad toilet jokes. It isn't terrible, but it is terribly silly.
It's repetitious, overpowering and ultimately rather tiring, wearing out its welcome too soon. Plus, that darn baby just scares me.
Icky and incompetent (special effects aside) in equal parts, this groaner makes 1994's The Mask look like something you'd study in a film graduate course at NYU.
To heck with suspense, I'll just tell you right now: Jamie Kennedy is no Jim Carrey.
It's astonishing how dull a movie that packs so much visual overstimulation into its frames can be.
Son of the Mask is an irredeemable mess, a computer-animated Punch and Judy show without wit, heart or a single memorable performance.
The attempt to invoke the imaginative mayhem of Warner Bros. animation never gets anywhere beyond the obvious effort, and it rests uneasily with the messages about the importance of being a good parent and balancing work and play.
Unnecessary but not entirely unpleasant.
The movie is dumb and loud, which some children will confuse with entertaining, but parents may question the appropriateness of some of the material.
It's not just an absence of Mr. Carrey that poses the problem. It's an absence of an intriguing story.
The special effects are ubiquitous but not very special.
Making a sequel to The Mask without Jim Carrey is like trying to make peanut butter without peanuts.
There is no reason to make a trip to the theater for what amounts to a loud and frenzied day at Chuck E. Cheese's.
Curdled gobs of antic shtick.
A perfectly good six-minute animated short is taffy-pulled and inflated beyond reason or tolerance.
Jim Carrey doesn't go anywhere near this follow-up to his 1994 blockbuster, and neither should viewers.
While director Lawrence Guterman (Cats & Dogs) offers some nice moments ... most of the animated sequences, capably mixed with live action, leave a bad aftertaste.
No matter how much you paid or were paid to watch this capophagic mess, son, you been robbed.
Congratulations, it's a talking, dancing, top-hat-wearing boy! Just like in those incredibly innovative Quiznos commercials and that sitcom that got cancelled a while back.
...offers not just one, but two entries into the annals of repulsive computer-generated characters. Make room, Scooby-Doo and Garfield.
The mask works its bizarre corruption on the director, who wears it proudly. His slap-happy movie ricochets from one incomprehensible explosion of sound and color to the next.
If you are a fan of cheap knock-offs devoid of originality such as Disney's direct-to-video sequels, you might find something here.
Where the first Mask was an enjoyable kick..., Son of the Mask is more like a swift, hard kick in the family jewels.
Adults may be disappointed, but ten-year-olds should love it.
Sags more than it spins.
Be afraid: it's Home Alone meets The Exorcist.
The movie is built around these ostensibly kid-friendly fracases, but at its heart is a deep, unresolved ambivalence about child rearing.
If this sounds more like a horror movie than a family matinee to you, then you obviously don't work for New Line Cinema,
Unrelievedly manic, gruesomely unfunny... a disastrous mess. It's actually physically painful to watch.
[Cumming] lights up the screen with a spike-haired character that surrenders to camp and runs with it with a wildly jubilant abandon
A truly numbing experience.
Loud, mean-spirited and generally obnoxious, Son of the Mask makes the boisterous 1994 original look downright demure and refined.
The film starts promisingly ... but our laughter stops the moment the special effects kick in.



@highlight

Overly frantic, painfully unfunny, and sorely missing the presence of Jim Carrey.