Gavin Hood's film raises many questions about remote-control attacks in modern warfare, but falters in its handling of these issues.
Alan Rickman may be going out on one of the most emotionally resonant lines in the history of military cinema, assertively exclaiming, after all, is said and done "Never tell a soldier that he does not know the cost of war." R.I.P.
Not only is it encouraging to see women in so many roles that are not gender traditional, but motives and feelings aren't distributed along expected lines either. There are equal parts compassion and determination displayed by men and women alike.
Guy Hibbert's clever screenplay gets a lot of mileage out of a simple idea.
In Eye in the Sky, director Gavin Hood takes us behind the scenes of what really goes on in a war zone.
Eye In The Sky hits the bulls eye.
Mirren is unexpectedly gung-ho, the already much-missed Rickman gets better as some slightly jarring moments of early comedy recede, and Monica Dolan, as a principled junior minister, stands out from a strong supporting cast.
Different viewers may react differently to what they see here. But the script by Guy Hibbert gives you all sides of the argument, clearly, compellingly, and without prejudice.
The film works best as an anxiety-inducing intellectual and ethical thriller that draws viewers into real-world debates being waged.
Eye in the Sky hops from place to place, decision to in-decision, from reason to emotion, to create heart-smacking tension.
South African director Gavin Hood, who won a well-deserved best foreign language Oscar for Tsotsi,"knows how to turn the screws. There's more anxiety in four minutes of Eye in the Sky than there is in the entirety of Batman v Superman.
It's the type of film that will reinvigorate the debate on drone war and effect of new weaponry, but it's also highly entertaining, and beyond all else, a well-made movie.
Mirren and Rickman bring real authority to the proceedings, while Jeremy Northam is effective as a conflicted cabinet minister.
Hood shows us the war on terror as a literal world war, being strategized everywhere from the dust to the heavens.
Director Gavin Hood works the tension and the moral uncertainty to good effect but at times the film feels schematic and too much like revision.
A gripping war thriller.
Taut and chastening, Eye in The Sky leaves you saddened and shaken.
It's hard to watch the film and not vacillate between wanting them to act, and wanting them to stand down.
I'm ready to call Eye in the Sky, released in the spring, the best film of the year, thus far.
Hood and Hibbert's procedural is a crackerjack affair in all the ways that count, and it's safe to say it looks at this hot button issue in a way certain to get audiences talking afterward.
Eye in the Sky is a taught, thrilling tale of war time morality told with sophistication ...
Its framework, politically charged and internationally reaching as it is, appears complicated, but this is a very simple story of humanity, tensely and thoughtfully told.
2016's first wholly unexpected piece of entertaining brain food.
To their enormous credit, director Gavin Hood and writer Guy Hibbert offer no easy answers and take no easy outs, electing instead to keep viewers as conflicted and uncomfortable as the characters on the screen.
This tale is intriguingly structured and expertly executed, and wholeheartedly embraces the moral complexities of one of the most divisive issues of modern military combat.
Eye in the Sky, air plotting, street sweeping, and home invading, chillingly and intricately maps the murky terrain of today's remote-warfare, where lives become data points and video images, edited out of existence on-screen.
A sharply observed political thriller that should inspire moral reckoning among partisans on both sides of this contentious issue.
The film works even if the running time is a little long. [Full review in Spanish]
No matter how viewers feel about military drones, it is worth seeing simply as a ticking clock thriller.
Outstanding, absorbing film about the nature of 21st century warfare.
Ethical dilemmas from every angle where the spectator is an accomplice. [Full review in Spanish]
Extraordinary suspense film, original and powerful. The fil has an unique narrative to it. [Full review in Spanish]
An effective film about an ethical dilemma with great suspense and extraordinary performances. [Full review in Spanish]
Half moral dilemma, half intruction manual for drone use. [Full review in Spanish]
Eye In The Sky is unequivocally a thriller, but Hood creates a unique energy by juxtaposing breathstopping tension with the deliberately frustrating inaction of boardroom debates.
An ethical debate mixed with a great suspense starring Helen Mirren and Aaron Paul. [Full review in Spanish]
Only very hard-hearted people will not be moved by this film, in which there are no easy answers. There is one missing piece of drone warfare question here: Does drone warfare create more enemies than it kills? This film doesn't go there.
Smart dialogue is key to make this an effective and thrilling story full of moral dilemmas and suspense. [Full review in Spanish]
It's consistent with its goal of presenting a realistic take on a military operation and all the bad things that come with it. There is no room for cliches or easy ways out. [Full review in Spanish]
It's a lean, Lumet-like thriller that puts the moral calculus of drone warfare in its crosshairs.
Director Gavin Hood has achieved something few could -- he made what is essentially 100 minutes of people standing in rooms and staring at screens incredibly compelling. It's a master class in suspense.
A high tension thriller that manages to open the debate about the morals in this new way we fight wars. [Full review in Spanish]
Gavin Hood has created a near-perfect anti-war thriller that culminates with one of the most tightly-wound scenes you're going to see this year.
The characters debate about morals, ethics and professionalism make this film an entertaining and sharp cinematic drama. [Full review in Spanish]
A film that manages to capture the viewers' attention despite not having any car chases or shootouts. [Full review in Spanish]
Almost forensic in its approach, this smart thriller explores a drone strike from a variety of perspectives that bring the moral dilemmas sharply into focus.
...a refreshingly adult endeavor that shines a potent spotlight on a fascinating (and quite relevant) contemporary issue.
Hood's made his movie with great sobriety and care, even if the scenario's mechanics, engineered to explore the movie's political and moral themes, could have been more adroitly handled.
Intense and provocative, this is a thriller that raises serious questions about the ethics of drone strikes and the possible repercussions of electing malleable politicians who are often unwilling to make hard decisions in the heat of battle.
A thriller with a technological spectacle that drowns the discourse, but invites reflection on the subject. [Full review in Spanish]
One of the most unsettling and discursive films of 2016. [Full review in Spanish]
Unsurprisingly, there is ample philosophical and political meat to Eye In The Sky. As a crisis drama it also scores highly, rotating from one set to the next and linking the tense energies and tones of a superb cast.
Mirren and Rickman do strong, measured work, with Rickman's character, rather poignantly, having the film's last word. But the real star of the film is Barkhad Abdi, the chief Somali pirate in Paul Greengrass's Captain Phillips.
It's a tense thriller about a single action, taking place in Nairobi, commanded from London, albeit piloted from Las Vegas - and its presentation of the moral dilemma about whether to strike or not is complex and wrenching.
The picture may be a glorified "war room" re-enactment of the sort shown on television but it's so well done it deserves to be seen on the big screen.
A drama that forces the audience to think, take sides and examine their own consciences.
A provocatively tense thriller that negotiates the moral minefields of its thorny subject matter in crowd-pleasing fashion.
Eye in the Sky is a suspenseful and timely, if simplistic, thriller, exploring the new methods of war.
Alan Rickman adds a wry sardonic note as the high-ranking British army officer advising the vacillating politicians in Whitehall.
As entertaining on an escapist level as it is irrefutably engaging on a level that is essential for citizens who are players in our political environment.
Gavin Hood's film cleverly explores the vexed ethics of remote warfare, and a fine ensemble cast help make this a clever, thought-provoking and deeply satisfying thriller.
This film shouts its message loud and clear, but it's still a nail-biter exploring a thoroughly topical subject - and Mirren and Rickman are terrific.
A basic conundrum; yet it's smart, tense, and surprisingly pointed.
One in the eye for the sabre-rattlers.
Although Eye in the Sky offers up a range of views and an impressively balanced picture, there's no denying its "every life matters" message.
There is plenty to admire, not least the mighty Mirren, who manages, aged 70, to be entirely convincing as a tough old soldier. And it's nice, if sad, to see Rickman one last time.
Eye in the Sky is an old-fashioned court-room-style drama... Its aim is to force the audience to confront the ethics of remote-control warfare, and encourage us to despair at self-interested politicians endlessly referring up to absent superiors.
What's refreshing, though, is how nuanced the film's approach remains. There is no simple minded resolution here and it is inevitable that there will be blood on somebody's hands by the final reel.
Sharp editing and slick camerawork emphasise the disjuncture between the brightly sunlit killing field and the dark office where political caution wrestles military urgency.
[Eye In The Sky] already rates as one of the most important films of our time.
A classy, thrilling and seriously nail-biting experience.
Eye in the Sky is firm in its didactic commitment to ambiguity. Its answer is that there are no answers.
An impressive demonstration of cinema's ability to tackle complex ethical and philosophical issues without forgetting to entertain.
A thought-provoking and very entertaining ride driven by [Helen] Mirren's uncompromising performance.
Hood plays heavily on our moral compass, ensuring that an internal conflict takes place within us, as we become immersed and embroiled in this narrative.
Mirren and Rickman are outstanding, and Hood complements them by juggling theme and pace with aplomb. The result is as thought-provoking as it is nerve-shredding.
Armed with a terrific cast and suspense and poignancy to spare, [director Gavin Hood's] long-awaited return to independent film is a keeper.
Powerful performances from Mirren, Rickman and Aaron Paul as an American drone pilot with a conflicted conscience make this the gold standard for thrillers about what waging war is like when one side has God-like powers of life and death.
It's a tight thriller played out smoothly but tying the viewer in moral knots. A film to think about for days, with little hope of finding a comfortable answer.
'Eye in the Sky' offers no easy answers. But when have there been any easy answers to war?
A real nail-biter, even in its cornier and more predictable moments.
Both exhilarating and troublingly foreboding.
A chilling look at modern warfare and its detached nature. But it's also a film that works as first-rate suspenseful thriller of a generally cerebral kind.
The ensemble cast is exceptional, the war thriller is highly entertaining and intelligent, and its high-tech coverage is mesmerizing.
An ethical and immersive film about the collateral damage of drone warfare.
Edge-of-your-seat suspenseful, delineating the new rules of engagement...
... remains even-handed regarding the complexities of drone warfare, and smartly incorporates common fears about the evolving war on terror without resorting to cheap exploitation.
The suspense is there. So is the soul-searching.
No easy answers are offered in Eye in the Sky. But the many questions it begs will remain with you long after you leave the theater.
One of the best movies of the year so far -- a riveting, white-knuckle thriller to rank with the best of Hitchcock, and an examination of the morality of drone warfare to rank with the polemical plays of George Bernard Shaw.
A fairly suspenseful film that makes you think as much as it does sweat. (Full Content Review for Parents -- Violence, Profanity, etc. -- Also Available)
There's a subtle, disquieting reminder that there's one more link in the chain that extends from a control panel in Nevada to a target in the Third World - us.
Terrorists in a house. A little girl is in the way of taking them out. Pummels you with the question is the life of the one more important than the life of the many?
Eye in the Sky offers a ripped-from-the-headlines look at drone warfare... Most movingly, though, the tense thriller offers a final chance to enjoy the greatness of Alan Rickman.
A surprisingly gripping and troubling experience.
Eye in the Sky is the best movie about drone warfare I've seen so far, yet it still left me frustrated.
Nobody has made a "how-we-chase-'em" story this gripping since "Zero Dark Thirty."
A taut, well-acted thriller that raises all sorts of moral questions - Hitchcock with a conscience.
It's hard to imagine a movie making the audience root for the bombing of a little girl, but Eye in the Sky sure comes close.
Maybe best of all, Hood manages to tell his suspenseful tale in a quick-moving 102 minutes. Other, more long-winded filmmakers should take notice.
Eye in the Sky engages multiple perspectives in examining the factors that play into a drone strike, with the film's focus shifting between the cogs in the machine.
Suspense and tension are masterfully deployed. Your knuckles will be white. The edge of your seat will see action for 102 minutes. And you will never think about drones in quite the same way as you did before you saw this timely, electrifying film.
Eye in the Sky is disturbing, but it's also balanced and ambivalent about what is right.
Eye in the Sky is compelling, offering the best elements of a drama and a thriller.
Strong performances and timely subject matter largely cover up TV movie production quality.
The effect of this thriller... is ultimately one of a particularly tense (and well-acted) roundtable: a lot of very good ideas about what to think, but rarely does it ever succeed at hitting below the neck.
The military and covert war-wagers are getting better and better at killing from farther and farther away, and filmmakers seem to be getting better and better in the drone-warfare genre.
Hood keeps the action tense throughout this nail-biter, which unfolds like a taut stage play. It offers no easy answers, only difficult questions about following orders and the cost of war.
Eye In The Sky is sporadically sentimental, unrealistic, and overburdened with intrusive soundtrack music. But it gets you in, and it's suspenseful, claustrophobic, and a fairly unusual take on the counter-terrorism sub-genre.
This one entertains while also posing tough questions about whom we choose to kill in order to stifle our fears.
Watching battle organized at arm's length is a strange and surreal experience, steeped in dread. When Eye in the Sky eventually touches down to put a viewer right into the centre of the action, emotionally speaking, it's a jarring transition.
This riveting drone thriller is contemporary edge-of-your seat stuff, propelled by a crack cast led by Helen Mirren as single-minded British Col. Katherine Powell.
Eye in the Sky maintains nerve-racking suspense throughout its running time and explicates some of the unknown nuances of drone warfare. Plus, you know, Alan Rickman is reason enough to see it.
"Eye in the Sky" consists mostly of big-name stars squinting at video monitors and saying, in effect: "Can we shoot now? How about now? OK, how about now?"
Look to Eye in the Sky, and you'll find an intelligent, well-rounded military drama, challenging both the efficiency and ethics of modern remote-controlled warfare.
In the hands of gifted South African director Gavin Hood the film is a smart, graphic and disturbing thriller, with a clear eye for the fault lines of modern warfare.
As the news travels, Hood keeps building up the tension in the streets surrounding the target.
A well-intentioned drama about wartime ethics, but the film's own morality is more dubious than it realizes.
Eye in the Sky provides an intimate look at the moral minefield that accompanies the employment of drone warfare. It's not the first movie to do so. But thanks to a deeply committed cast this one is well worth your time.
The effects look cheap, the action scenes are unmemorable, and the plot regularly blows up its own tension-and the audience's interest-with missiles raining ignorantly down from the heavens.
It rigs its case on the sentimental side.
Eye in the Sky sees, like any good film about warfare, that there are no real victories, and there's no end in sight.
Does this much discussion happen with every drone strike?
The film not only focuses on the political effects of drone warfare, but also the devastating psychological toll it takes on these operators.
Director Gavin Hood takes a daring look at the toll war takes on everyone... you'll be sitting at the edge of your seat debating what you'd do.
Full of excruciating truths about impossible choices in war, Guy Hibbert's screenplay is a searing, gripping and heart wrenching work that is superbly transposed from page to screen by a fabulous cast in the hands of a director who knows his craft
The cost of war is the theme of this gripping drone warfare thriller in which protocol, propaganda and consequences play key roles
Helen Mirren and cast are superb in a truly great thriller that becomes the first significant movie about drones and the morality of modern day warfare. A great humane achievement from Gavin Hood.
Eye in the Sky is a disturbing, intelligent and very well crafted contemporary thriller with a solid screenplay by Guy Hibbert and seamless direction.
Plenty of food for thought, if not very subtly done.
Gavin Hood's movie provides you with more information than any of the participants might have, including glimpses of just who that collateral damage will be.
Tight editing (there's never any dislocation in sense of place while locale hopping) and well-framed shots hold the tension, as does Hibbert's well-gamed chess match of statesmanship and foreign policy.
Game of Drones, indeed. Excellent ensemble cast, nerve-shattering, technological high-wire act. Mirren, Rickman (sigh) and Abdi in top form.
For the foreseeable future, we will be having a debate about the efficacy of drone strikes ... Eye in the Sky establishes itself as an important part of that conversation.
Hood ratchets up the tension and keeps it there.
A sober but not-quite-somber drone drama that ably portrays the complicated moral calculus involved in modern warfare.
As the creepy title might suggest, the movie explores the danger of detachment in modern warfare, recording the complex moral and political debate among characters charged with making life-or-death decisions.
Mr. Rickman was never nominated for an Academy Award and it's probably a long shot for a posthumous supporting actor for this film -- but his work here is a reminder of what a special talent he possessed.
It's clockwork entertainment, in the end - a precisely calibrated schematic in which every aspect of the ethical quandary balances every other aspect, and the only variable is your own moral compass.
What South African director Gavin Hood and his filmmakers do with the military drone drama Eye in the Sky is nothing short of astonishing.
This is the rare military drama that conveys both the graphic physical effects of war and its lingering psychic cost.
"Eye in the Sky" is refreshing in its lack of a political message.
It's suspenseful and it raises many compelling questions.
In an era of loud, ugly and fragmented war films, it creates a movie far more thoughtful and challenging than we expect.
A nifty little thriller...a tense, tough, biting commentary on the way wars are fought today.
This is the kind of intelligent, thought-provoking mainstream film that's in danger of becoming extinct. "Eye in the Sky" is miles above the average multiplex flick.
War is hell, they say. Hood shows us the many ways how.
At times, the film approaches gallows comedy ... perhaps a little too much so; at others, it's a tense, chilling look at a seemingly unbearable choice - refreshingly, without telling its viewers what to think.
A thoughtful, slow-building thriller.
...a film that is timely, certainly relevant, but as a thriller it gets bogged down in minutiae that may be authentic but isn't always entertaining.
Eye in the Sky is mired in simplicity.
Profound examination of the psychic ramifications involving modern day warfare and long-range gun-play.
Director Gavin Hood and screenwriter Guy Hibbert have their hearts in the right place in this modern morality play set amidst the ongoing war on terror...
Seems like a remake of Gable's 'Command Decision' updated for the 21st Century. The tension crackles as time is a-wastin' while everyone passes the buck. This is exceptionally realistic with a top flight performance by Helen Mirren in Gable's role.
It would have been exceptionally easy for Eye in the Sky to take either a pro- or anti-drone warfare stance and simply show the horror of the alternative point of view. Rather than doing that, the movie offers a thoughtful, nuanced middle ground.
a powerful dialectic on ethics and violence
Only periodically pompous and only rarely about merely flattering preconceived notions, be they anti- or pro-.
Riveting thriller about drone strikes and their human toll.
One part thriller, one part political drama plus a splash of satire makes for a fine, if sobering, cocktail.
While Hood's film says very little about American policy in this area, it does suggest that its terrible subject is likely to be with us for a long time to come.
A high-tech terror-war story with a covert mission...
Hood, a South African whose previous films include "X-Men Origins: Wolverine" and the capable terror-war thriller "Rendition," does a nice job threading together the immense web of political, legal and military decision-making behind the drone war.
A fully involving drama about the new rules of engagement.
"Eye in the Sky" is an extremely tense and absorbing exposé of the moral, legal and political aspects of unmanned warfare.
"Eye in the Sky" is an important story that should stand the test of time because of its originality, execution and immediacy to current events.
A rare thriller that grips the mind and heart equally.
There's wit, integrity and insight here, but it cries out for a lighter touch.
The movie is both provocative and fairly gripping, if not altogether convincing.
Fundamentally serious, if obviously flawed, "Eye in the Sky" argues both sides of its specific case, and, by extension, the merits and perils of a radical new tool for fighting wars.
Director Gavin Hood pulls off some really tricky tonal shifts. He's abetted by a terrific cast, including Barkhad Abdi as a surveillance expert who tries to save the girl -- and Rickman in his final on-screen appearance, one of his very best.
Rickman deserves our salute, as does a film that honors his fierce intelligence.
Eye in the Sky is a solid thriller, but a visually static one that doesn't particularly requires a big screen.
In Hood's Eye in the Sky, Aaron Paul's conscience-stricken pilot is affecting, and you cheer him on when he challenges an order that he considers inhumane and precipitate.
A grim, suspenseful farce in which unpredictable human behavior repeatedly threatens an operation of astounding technological sophistication.
This is a film that doesn't want to be easily pegged, either in terms of its politics or generic allegiances. Such ambiguity is a virtue, but for all his technical facility, Hood doesn't really have the finesse of a great, fearless satirist.
Sells itself as a race against time thriller, but any tension presented gets bogged down by so much talking.
[It] dwells with the faraway triggerpeople killing from comfortable chairs but refuses to interrogate their actions in any truly meaningful way.
At its core, the film is a welcome piece of mindfulness and moral complexity on our increasingly black-and-white world stage.
Hood and Hibbert show the nuts and bolts involved in calling for a drone strike, and it's suspenseful, inherently dramatic and sometimes terrifying to watch unfold.
The threat of an international incident ... invokes a chain of political grandstanding and second-guessing, which Oscar-winning director Gavin Hood plays out with artful, measured intensity.
In stressing the point that there are no easy answers in war, it scores. In trying to say something insightful, however, something we don't already know, then not so much.
In war, everything has consequences, the movie declares, and if you think you can predict all of them, you're either a fool or running for office (or both!). No answer is perfect.
Taut, provocative and timely, Eye in the Sky has the all the right elements.
Director Gavin Hood treats the aesthetics of high-tech surveillance as the opaque membrane through which the prosecution of the War on Terror must pass.
Never has a movie been able to wring so much tension from shots of people staring at screens and computer monitors.
A taut film, photographed in real time, that supplements vivid action sequences with a moral debate.
"Eye In The Sky" doesn't always get it right, and sometimes makes some wrong-footed moves, but it opens a discussion and study of how we engage in acts of war that doesn't happen often in the mainstream media.
A tense, morally complex and extremely prescient thriller.
A tightly-coiled thriller that refuses to take the moral high ground despite the subject matter. Mirren, Rickman, and Paul are all excellent.
While this performance gives the drama psychological weight, efforts of those on the ground to get the girl out of harm's way introduce very satisfying action elements.
Eye in the Sky is a tick-tock suspense exercise as well as a neat little ethical echo chamber, a plea for reason in a world exploding too vigorously to give it the time of day.
Hood has relied on terse and efficient storytelling to showcase the intricate morality of drone warfare and takes us through one very long and very stressful day in the lives of those tasked with making life or death decisions.
A rivetingly suspenseful drama that deftly intertwines elements of ticking-clock thriller and tragic farce.
The military thriller occasionally grinds to a halt to host a Reddit-like debate on drones. Surprisingly, it still works and manages to present valid, even-keeled positions, too. No trolling necessary.
Eye in the Sky presents a talented ensemble of differing perspectives on the controversial use of drone missiles, forcing us to confront our own feelings about the complicated implications of modern warfare.

@highlight

As taut as it is timely, Eye in the Sky offers a powerfully acted -- and unusually cerebral -- spin on the modern wartime political thriller.