Simply put, a hugely enjoyable mockumentary that will get a smile out of the most coldest of hearts.
I can't remember when I laughed... no... I really can't remember.
The rules of the vampire genre are parodied affectionately in the mockumentary What We Do in the Shadows, an oddly portentous title for such a goofy movie.
.. the team most succeeds is the abundance of exquisitely staged gags...
The vampires that haunt Wellington have more in common with the awkward fellows of Silicon Valley than the brooding, smoldering vampires of Twilight.
What We Do in the Shadows totally nails it from beginning to end with not a single tedious or wasted moment.
It's warm, charming and hilarious - I could have died from laughing.
What We Do in the Shadows is proof that the vampire genre is alive and well as long as it's in the right hands.
Mark my words, there is something very funny going on here.
The shaggy aimlessness inherent to improvised buddy comedy is jarringly stitched to the gloomy Gothic weight of the cinematography and production design, to excellent effect.
Just about every monster movie convention gets tweaked here and there, but it never feels like Shadows is forcing the issue to tick off another box.
Clement and Waititi mine gold from each of its 85 minutes, giving the world its best horror-comedy since Edgar Wright's "Shaun Of The Dead."
This vampire parody transcends its one-joke nature to yield extended hilarity.
...takes the mockumentary approach to the vampire film, though that hardly describes the deadpan absurdity of this comedy of ancient European vampires in New Zealand, who after centuries of unlife haven't gotten any smarter.
An endearing romp through gothic nonsense.
A thin-blooded comic vampire tale, made as a mock documentary.
This mix of vampire mythology and the mundane makes for a charming film.
Though it's very funny at times, the satire isn't quite as sharp as it wants to be, occasionally feeling more like an improv sketch expanded to feature-length. But for that, it's still more entertaining than most extended-sketch movies.
The visual effects are adorably trashy, and much attention has been paid to centuries of vampire imagery in the title credits and throughout, often to wonderful comic effect.
A cleverly constructed riot that wrings constant laughs from its premise without bleeding it dry, What We Do in the Shadows is also another reminder that maybe we should leave vampire movies to independent filmmakers.
Floats through the air, bat-like, on a combination of swift gags and likeably eccentric characters.
Delightfully satisfying.
The most important thing to know about What We Do In The Shadows is that it's laugh-out-loud hilarious and we urge you to see it as soon as possible.
What We Do in the Shadows is both a refreshingly different take on vampire conventions and one of the funniest comedies of the year.
Waititi and Clement's collaboration is irresistibly amusing.
If there's an angle of vampire mythology that Taika Waititi and Jemaine Clement didn't find a way to turn into a great joke, I'll be damned if I could tell you what it is.
[A] ceaselessly funny mockumentary.
Sure, it's a comedy, but there are surprisingly good sets and effects -- and some actual scares.
That's really Clement and Waititi's core joke: These neck-biters have been at it so long that they're only imitating old vampire stereotypes.
A giddy, mostly improvised look at the lives of a quartet of vampire flatmates in Wellington, New Zealand.
Like Galaxy Quest for bloodsuckers, this is a film that can be enjoyed by both fans of the genre and those who wish they'd just stake it all and be done with it.
A well-executed feature-length satire stocked with colorful characters behaving badly.
If you thought it was no longer possible to mine the vampire film for fresh laughs, and even for unexpected pathos, you have a treat in store.
What We Do in the Shadows is more clever than it has any right to be.
A Christopher Guest-styled mockumentary about vampires sounds only a little less obvious and opportunistic than a "found-footage" feature about vampires, yet Jemaine Clement and Taika Waititi have managed to create a savvy satire that works beautifully.
One of the greatest comedies of the year. [full review in Spanish]
One of the best comedies of the year. [full review in Spanish]
A fun mockumentary that works because of the likeability of its characters. [full review in Spanish]
This mockumentary finds its best moments when the authors' love for vampires is set aside to make way for the ridiculous. [full review in Spanish]
A hilarious mockumentary that will delight fans of the genre. [full review in Spanish]
The film has all the low-key charm of a Christopher Guest movie, but it also has the dynamic kick of seamlessly blending its faux-cinéma vérité style with the supernatural.
The uneven but uproarious mockumentary What We Do in the Shadows mines a vein of deadpan, observational goofiness that recalls previous Clement-Waititi collaborations like Eagle vs. Shark and the TV show Flight of the Conchords.
Silly and clever and consistently amusing.
New Zealand's vampire scene is fleshed out. It feels lived in.
The werewolves you can accept, the humans you can tolerate, but the Christians?
This duo knows that comedy comes not just from mocking tropes but from mocking the scruffy human pretensions that give birth to them.
Waititi and Clement pry open the coffin lid and unleash a box-fresh, fang-sharp comedy which goes straight for the jugular.
"What We Do in the Shadows" is a laugh riot, but by humanizing its characters, it proves to provide a bit of life to those we've seen as nothing but dead.
Taps a fresh vein of humor to transfuse the horrific and the mundane.
If Twilight made you queasy and Dark Shadows felt like a missed opportunity, this pitch-perfect genre spoof is worth relishing.
A movie of biting humor, in the literal sense, but the blood it draws is purely decorative.
Expertly paced, consistently inventive, and exceedingly good natured. Especially when the splatter is hitting the rafters.
I'm so sick of vampires I'd have pounded a stake into my own heart not to have to watch this, but it turns out to be a pitch-perfect spoof of MTV's The Real World and a sly satire on millennial slackerdom.
The New Zealand-made art comedy What We Do in the Shadows is a bracing reminder of how the right burst of energy and style breathes fresh ideas into a genre threatened with creative exhaustion.
If we see two or three more comedies this year that know what they're doing the way this one does, it'll be a very good year indeed.
The tone -- deadpan, wistful, silly but never stupid -- is just right and puts "What We Do in the Shadows" next to "This Is Spinal Tap" as a mockumentary that shows its subjects as human -- in this case, inhuman -- in their hopes and fears.
Maybe it's something in the water Down Under, but these fellows have managed to concoct a whole new perspective on fangsters.
Even when the laughs are less frequent, they continue through to the end, with plenty of quotable lines.
Imagine my delight at finding Jermaine Clement and Taika Waititi's What We Do in the Shadows thoroughly entertaining, amusing and even charming.
We actually start to care about these ridiculous characters because, like the rest of us, they're just trying to survive the inanities of everyday life ... and keep the carpets free of unsightly gore stains.
Like the mock-doc tone, the vampire parody feels worn out, though the production shows its affection for the tradition and insight about the recent genre.
Superbly written with sharp humor, fantastic characters, and a well-polished story completely in tune with its source material, What We Do in the Shadows is an uproarious horror comedy that's every bit as funny as Shaun of the Dead.
Lots to love here. The directors match a universally loved topic with an undertone about life in a very remote city, reflecting the poignant side of being undead in an unlively town.
In the spirit of This Is Spinal Tap, writer/directors Jemaine Clement and Taika Waititi take us inside the lives of modern-day Wellington vampires and show us that the undead have problems, too.
Darkly, edgily funny, the mockumentary about four nocturnal, bloodsucking flat-mates in Wellington, New Zealand reduced me to a quivering laugh zombie. It's MTV's Real World meets Hammer Horror with a nod to Christopher Guest.
Tell your friends you saw the next comedy cult classic before anyone else ...
A vampire mockumentary that bites into the same vein of Spinal Tap comedy and cranks it up to eleven.
[T]he filmmakers and the cast have created a world and characters that not only provide opportunities for humor but also evolve with it.
A send-up of the vampire mythos that's affectionate and genial.
Shadows takes what could have been a one-joke sketch and turns it into a very funny, and occasionally even touching, take on brotherhood and friendship...It's certainly more authentic and realistic than recent seasons of The Real World.
"What We Do in the Shadows" is bloody awesome.
While it's hardly a genre mile-, er, tombstone, What We Do in the Shadows is cleverly executed throughout and occasionally inspired in its affectionate silliness.
There is so much love and understanding of all the genres the film is skewering that "What We Do in the Shadows" transcends its lowbrow inspirations. It's a real treat.
Hilarious, with refreshing attention to the gruesome possibilities of the premise, "Shadows" is a creative step forward for Waititi, taking interesting tonal risks while maintaining a steady flow of silly business.
Brings warmth to its silliness, underscoring its sense of humor with the loneliness of characters doomed to watch their loved ones die.
The concept could wear thin, but it manages to stay fresh and utterly hilarious. Deserves to be mentioned in the same breath as Spinal Tap.
The highest compliment to pay this film is to note that it's one of the best Christopher Guest movies that Guest never made.
...mixes the documentary format with fantasy elements to create some fantastically funny stuff.
Finally! A vampire movie that doesn't suck!
... the funniest horror spoof since 'Shaun of the Dead' ... Our Down Under hosts are less interested in creeping us out than in introducing us to the most charmingly dotty homebodies since the Addamses.
The actors are in character and in sync with the mockumentary brand of deadpan.
Pleasingly thorough and inventive in its treatment of a well worn subject, and quietly smart about dealing with the way things can change over a few hundred years.
It's a cheerfully horrific affair, a sanguine comedy that feels more than a bit like a Christopher Guest farce or an elaborate Monty Python sketch, imprinted with the Kiwi comic sensibilities of co-directors Jemaine Clement and Taika Waititi.
It is fresh, clever and, most importantly, riotously funny.
No deep meaning or social relevance, only welcome diversion from these troubled times-i.e. superbly silly fun.
It's good bloody fun just hanging out with the vamps at their house, listening to them squabble, watching them make pottery ...
A farce nearly on a par with "Zoolander" (2001), "Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby," (2006) and that gold standard of inanity, "Three Amigos!" (1986).
You've got to love a thing to skewer it as thoroughly as Taika Waititi and Jemaine Clement do in their delightfully silly vampire mockumentary "What We Do in the Shadows."
It's funny because of the absurdity of vampires in this context. And it's funny because the context itself is hackneyed to begin with, even if we've never thought so until now.
A surprisingly delicate vampire spoof that's both hilarious and respectful, and that captures all the silliest, scariest and saddest aspects of the bloodsucking tradition in one delicious package.
Any longer and it might overstay its welcome, but as is it's perfect, in its own deceptively unassuming way.
... loaded with inspired sight gags and deadpan one-liners.
This isn't a blunt-edged satire like the egregious 2010 flop Vampires Suck. The humor is light, sweet, and silly, and never burdened by the trendiness of its conceit.
Even though mockumentaries and vampires have both been done to death, the movie still manages some good ideas -- and a few hearty laughs.
"What We Do in the Shadows" is an irrepressibly charming B-movie that never over-stays its welcome, and is both conceptually clever and admirably well-executed.
An early montage gives a historical representation of each of the four housemates, showing how the bloodsuckers ended up in New Zealand, several group photos worthy of their own prequels.
Like a Christopher Guest movie with a widow's peak, What We Do in the Shadows depicts a supposed "New Zealand Documentary Board" film gone gruesomely, hilariously awry.
Just when it looked like the vampire genre had been bled dry, along comes the insanely inspired horror-satire "What We Do in the Shadows" to give it fresh bite.
At heart a dotty look at oldsters struggling to adapt to an unwelcoming modernity, "Shadows" has the bones of an anarchic sitcom.
What We Do In the Shadows leaps to the top of the pack, by resolutely sticking to deadpan humour and absurd riffs on the awkwardness of being a vampire in a world made for humans.
So smart and perceptive about the quotidian ups and downs of its protagonists' lives that it's almost a jolt when, say, they start levitating off the ground or get into a passive-aggressive argument with a pack of werewolves.
As zom-coms go, though, this one brings a unique bite to proceedings.
The film not only tweaks the vampire genre by adding a number of mumblecore elements, but also pays a tongue-in-cheek homage to its history.
destined to gain a cult following with die-hards rewatching countless times, quoting every line, and reacting to every mannerism.
What We Do in the Shadows is a perfectly pleasant romp, even if its attempts to have a plot weigh it down.
Time will tell whether What We Do in the Shadows is destined for cult status, but any movie that makes you laugh this hard (even if only sporadically) at least deserves to be part of the conversation.
It succeeds not because it gets the dead-ghoul stuff right (sudden flights, tomb bedrooms, Lestat-like wardrobes), but because it sends up the true-life genre that just won't die.
What We Do In The Shadows is wonderfully dry and irreverent, playing out something like True Blood by way of Waiting For Guffman.
Comedy is a very subjective thing and I can imagine people who won't find What We Do in the Shadows funny. But I can't imagine that they have happy lives.
More often amusing than gut-busting, but it doesn't wear out its welcome, and that's fairly impressive in itself.
Is this New Zealand mockumentary just one comedy sketch stretched to movie length? Maybe. But when the aging vampires hit the town to party with werewolves, zombies and humans, you won't be able to wipe the smile off your face.
Most of the best gags are in the early going and the film seems ever more stretched and thin as it goes on. It would have made a brilliant eight-minute sketch, though.
A deadpan one-joke vampire mockumentary that wrings every possible laugh out of that one joke.
A fresh, unexpected and welcome take on vampires-from New Zealand, of all places.
Proves that some tropes, like the undead and roommate problems, are eternally funny.
Waititi and Clement bring to the material the same deadpan, straight-faced sensibility that paid such rich dividends in Flight Of The Conchords.
An endearingly dorky undead heart beats in this vampire mockumentary by two of the creators of HBO's "Flight of the Conchords."
What We Do in the Shadows is never as self-conscious as you fear it might be, and it has some of the loose, wiggy energy of early Jim Jarmusch, only with more bite.
What We Do In The Shadows boasts the subtle wit of a Christopher Guest mockumentary without disregarding a vampire film's bloody nature, scoring memorable laughs through satire and gore alike.
While parodies and spoofs have a long cinematic history, rarely do such works possess this kind of narrative cohesion and emotional integrity.
I found myself cackling at "What We Do in the Shadows" like a witch with a helium balloon.
What We Do in the Shadows breathes new life into both the mock doc and horror spoof genres, two formats that have long been thought -- creatively anyway -- dead.
Genius.
If you're fan of vampires and vampire lore, there's no doubt you'll dig this. If these guys represent the voice for spoof movies moving forward, we're in a really good place.
Taps a rich vein of comedy.
The Kiwi team have brought a surprisingly fresh - and fetid - tone to this consistently amusing mockumentary.
While individual gags and cineliterate nods (from Nosferatu to Blade) may have comical bite, there's not enough meat to sink its feature-length fangs into.
There's little about the film you would call profound or sophisticated. But it has at least one very funny line a minute, and it's amazing what legs the basic joke has.
Aside from being flat-out hilarious, this vampire-themed reality TV spoof actually has some pungent things to say about friendship in the 21st century. Not that it's ever trying to make a point.
The film does repeat itself and seems a little stretched at feature length -- but there is plenty of hilarity along the way.
What We Do in the Shadows is the vampire mockumentary you've been longing for.
Among the tide of low-fi productions based around an amusing (or scary) concept and a couple of improvising actors, this smart, canny and often hilarious comedy truly stands out.
This delightfully deadpan spoof about a ragtag bunch of Kiwi vampires breathes new life into the mockumentary format.
Obvious, schoolboy humour amounts to very little indeed.
One of the funniest comedies of the year.
A full-blooded delight then.
After a while, I was embarrassed at myself for giggling so much.
Here it is at long last: a truly great vampire comedy. And also the funniest horror film to come out of New Zealand since Braindead.
Ultimately, this is just one joke stretched out, but thankfully for our resident filmmakers, it's a really bloody funny one.
An absolutely hilarious mockumentary combination of utter silliness, social satire, pop-culture cramdown, and heartfelt pathos. And vampires.
This isn't much more than a series of ridiculously dotty sketches, and might have worked better as a sitcom, but it's surprisingly hilarious.
An infectiously silly, frequently funny vampire mockumentary which is brought to life by a combination of impressive improvised dialogue, high-spirited performances and a keen knowledge of vampire mythology and motion pictures.
89 minutes of sharp mockumentary hilarity, exposing the oddest of horror motifs and myths to a puncturing modernity. And all this without a single fang pun...
Very funny, very silly.
Taika Waititi and Jemaine Clement's mockumentary about the undead keeps the genre alive and well.
What We Do in the Shadows is a sharp little character-driven comedy that gets its laughs not so much from the plot but simply from its cast of weirdos.
The question should be, does it have a new thought, a new energy? I would say yes, even without the driving force of a real story. There are moments of unexpected grace, as well as visual invention.
Where this documentary shines is that it creates empathy for its subjects. It's not their fault that they were bitten centuries ago. They're just trying to make the best of the situation.
When there's no more room in hell, the dead will move to Wellington, apparently. Director Taika Waititi is joined behind the camera by Flight of the Conchords' Jemaine Clement for the murderously funny mockumentary... This thing is a fiendish delight.
Filled with throw away humour and occasional LOL moments of the ghoulish kind, the film's technical achievements help audiences take it seriously while at the same time laughing along with the comedic ideas.
The biggest criticism of What We Do In The Shadows is that it's so unrelentingly funny that you'll miss half the jokes through laughing
Just like the addictive bloodlust these characters have, What We Do in the Shadows is a film that demands repeated viewings with its ever quotable dialogue and wacky situations where the supernatural meets the mundane to gut-busting results.
An instant classic ready for enduring cult success.
The tight 85 minutes has been ruthlessly pruned from many hours of improvisations.
Does for vampires what This is Spinal Tap did for rock bands.
More deadpan, clever, and silly than it is simple, "schticky," or mean-spirited.
Taikia Waititi and Jemaine Clement's rollicking mockumentary "What We Do in the Shadows" shows us that bloodsuckers have banal problems, too -- like getting along with roommates.
What We Do In the Shadows is the type of little movie that you watch and feel like you've discovered something really special. It's a total surprise; a silly, scary delight.
The funniest mockumentary film since Best In Show.
Like a lost Hammer horror film from the seventies, only intentionally funny.
It shouldn't work as well as it does, but funny is funny, and this one had me cracking up often...
Some genre fans who prefer the silly to the satiric may bite, but the anemic pic isn't remotely weird or witty enough for cult immortality.
However tired one may be of the mockumentary format, the shtick is well suited for this material; in fact, it's easy to imagine a straighter storytelling approach falling flat or playing like an Addams Family rip-off.

@highlight

Smarter, fresher, and funnier than a modern vampire movie has any right to be, What We Do in the Shadows is bloody good fun.