The film simply meanders towards its inevitable conclusion.
Once again Casell is phenomenal in the role and turns the film into a compelling and gripping ending to an epic gangster flick.
Part 1 remains marginally compelling, if for no other reason than that it sets the table for the vastly superior Part 2.
The only recent gangster film this one falls short of is "Killer Instinct," the first half of the epic.
Yes, he was a bad guy; but what a great story.
Cassel tackles his role like it's the ultimate one-man show, filling his mustachioed character with a feral swagger that conveys tightly coiled threat and sexual charisma. It's not a particularly insightful performance, but it certainly feels authentic...
...both movies would have been better served had they been edited down into one consistently engrossing thriller.
... crackles with tension and violence, driven by [Vincent] Cassel's powerhouse performance.
Director Jean-Francois Richet obviously has been influenced by the Arthur Penn/Beatty film Bonnie & Clyde (1967). His film has some of the tone, personality, and energy of the American crime classic.
This masterpiece combines the best of 'Scarface,' 'The Godfather' and 'Bonnie and Clyde'. Vincent Cassel tackles the demanding lead role and is simply magnificent. There is no shortage of action, violence and ...
His violent, pathetic end makes you sad not for the man but for a world in which such a creature could exist -- and thrive.
Richet is overly ambitious and often pushes too hard, but in that sense he's perfect for chronicling Mesrine's life.
... there's also a lot of fun to be had spotting the many references to other gangster flicks that Richet has planted throughout his film.
The last half of the four-hour Mesrine is much better than the first half, but will anyone who sat through the first two tedious hours care?
You needn't have seen the first chapter to be swept up in this swirl of bloodletting and braggadocio.
The second half of the French gangster series drags a bit at the end but is fun, macho stuff nonetheless.
Women cannot resist Cassel, even though he looks like he needs a bath. His sneer should win prizes. What a punim.
[Mesrine's] demise is foretold at the beginning of both films so the ending is no surprise. Getting there, though is full of surprises...
The final scene, and all that comes before it, deservedly establishes Cassel as an international movie star and Richet as a stylish auteur-in-the-making.
According to this lofty mandate, the film shouldn't be judged as a historically meretricious account.
The main and most enjoyable difference between the second installment and the first is the greater opportunity the latter provides Cassel to sketch some dimension into the coded mythologizing of his character.
The saga of French mobster Jacques Mesrine isn't compelling enough to warrant a second film.
With a more condensed timeline and more narrative focus, this is a high-powered rifle shot to its predecessor's shotgun blast. Cassel once again gives a large, unforgettable performance.
Director Jean-Francois Richet and screenwriter Abdel Raouf Dafri's movie generates much heat, but little light.
Public Enemy #1 proves the theory that a film must be more than the sum of its parts. These movies both have some great parts but the sum is less than a masterpiece.
It is the latest addition to the pantheon of great gangster films and the great leading men in them.
Jacques Mesrine's end may be inevitable, but he certainly doesn't bore us along the way.
[It] doesn't dig deeply into why Mesrine was the way he was. It's propelled by such a forceful performance from Cassel that, in the end, it hardly matters.
In the title role, Vincent Cassel is a relentless force...
Mesrine's life, however fascinating, had a certain repetitive quality to it (commit a crime, go to prison, escape, meet a girl, commit a crime, etc.), and the movie eventually starts to feel this way as well.
Cassel, looking hopped-up and wily -- and gaining considerable heft to play the celebrity outlaw in his middle age -- once again delivers a performance of full-force magnetism.
Gantz's camera gets right in the thick of the action, deliriously weaving and whirling up close. It's as high on Mesrine's crimes as he is, and Cassel exchanges the stolid tension of Part 1 for a manic theatricality.
...every bit as engaging as its just-released, high-performing predecessor. Vincent Cassel's remarkable performance and action-packed filmmaking assure impressive numbers on specialized screens and maybe beyond.
At its best, it's a mesmerizing portrait of a man who mesmerized a lot of people, right up to that bloody display of police power on the Paris streets.
Richet and Cassel's masterpiece, just a riveting story of a notorious criminal who keeps the viewer equally charmed and shocked by his actions.
More idiosyncratic and intriguing than the first half of Jean-François Richet's diptych, this one also has terrific action setpieces.
If there's ever a film titled Bourne vs. Mesrine, the bout will end in the first round and the crown will return to Paris.
Whatever fascination the character had for him, Richet doesn't succeed in conveying to us.
Part two of the legendary French gangster's biopic has a longer runtime for a much shorter time span and is, therefore, less choppy. Ironically, it's also a little less exhilarating if no less compelling.
The closing chapter carries a bleak tone, resembling a death row march, but the volcanic filmmaking remains in a state of alert...a splendidly cinematic finishing move.
Mesrine's promised end in November 1979 arrives as history recorded it, but, by that time, you're hoping the next vogue in biopics is the short film.
Performs the unlikely trick of being both taut and plotless.
The film PUBLIC ENEMIES should have been. An incredible gangster epic packed with balls-to-the-wall action!
The film PUBLIC ENEMIES should have been. An incredible gangster epic packed with balls-to-the-wall action!
A blood-curdling pulse-pounder about France's best-known bank robber.
Cassel is at the very top of his game -- and Richet has raised the bar a dozen notches for those brave enough to now attempt a crime film of any kind.
As a biopic of a modern gangster, Public Enemy No 1 is close to a masterpiece
A spectacular performance by Vincent Cassel guarantees to keep us on the edge of our seat throughout this lengthy, but riveting true story about infamous French gangster Jacques Mesrine.
vi%u0161e nego dobar primjer gangsterskog filma
You start to wonder if that personality is compelling enough to deserve such scrutiny... I'd have settled for a single film compiling the saga's flashiest moments.
Richet's movie, dazzlingly edited by Bill Pankow, the regular American collaborator of Oliver Stone, is superior in every way to Michael Mann's Public Enemies.
Unlike its more lively predecessor, this is more interested in dissecting the criminal mindset.
While Killer Instinct is certainly worth checking out, this is far more satisfying than its predecessor, working as a self-contained satire on crime, media and celebrity.
The second and final instalment of French gangster Jacques Mesrine's eventful life story arrives in cinemas, and is something of a let down.
A triumphant conclusion to Jean-François Richet's exciting and enjoyable two-part story.
This rambunctious and violent gangster drama more than sustains its lengthy running time, and makes one wonder why the Gallic gun-toter isn't better known internationally.
Though never less than entertaining, Killer Instinct and Public Enemy can't escape the shadow of the films they might have been. Both earn their place in the gangster canon. But not even Jacques Mesrine can escape the constraints of cinema.
The movie situates the audience directly in numerous lines of fire and automobile smash-ups, and dazzles with a low-key, yet gripping escape from a maximum security prison.
Tonally different to its predecessor but just as engrossing.
It's a bouncier, more fun, less focussed film - still worth four stars, as the first chapter got, but slightly smaller ones perhaps.
Vincent Cassel as Mesrine, keeps the plodding plot alive by delivering great one-liners with devilish charm. But only if the best bits had been squeezed into one movie could Jacques have been a thrill.
All the world loves an outlaw. But how cheaply is that love won if all his partners and opponents have been drafted in from Dullsville-sur-Seine?
Vincent Cassel fully commits himself to the role.
Mesrine: Killer Instinct is an exceptional French thriller but the companion film Mesrine: Public Enemy No 1 is even better. The pace is just as dynamic, the performances are equally impressive.
It boasts all the analytical depth of a bullet graze but it's still a grippingly groovy watch.
Vincent Cassel is superb in the lead, craggily handsome, steely and volatile.
Cassel delivers a stonking performance as the anti-hero.
Part two is every bit as thrilling as the first. It's gripping stuff. If you didn't know it was true, you wouldn't believe it.
Not only does it provide a breathlessly exciting concluding chapter, it deepens our understanding of Mesrine by providing some psychological complexity to counter the unapologetically celebratory first half.
The second chunk of the epic story of French gangster Jacques Mesrine is every bit as engrossing as the first movie.
A violent, egocentric but nonetheless fascinating character, it's a film to watch in horrified fascination.
Mesrine: Killer Instinct the central character starts out as a callous murderer and doesn't change. As a result, the film feels episodic.
I have my doubts about Cassel in this role, but the movie peaks with enough brute urgency to stoke your hopes nicely for part two.
I'm unconvinced that Mesrine was worthy of a four-hour biopic. He's just not that interesting, and though he may have the killer instinct, this movie sags too frequently to have the thriller instinct.
Part one ends leaving you needing to see part two, which is out in three weeks, and on this showing Mesrine simply isn't worth four hours of your life.
It remains totally watchable and, in Cassel, it has an actor as strong as anyone.
Richet recreates the period with a remarkable attention to detail, using coarse touches to ground the chaotic shootouts and heists in reality.
As a thriller, this is first-rate, and a fascinating insight into an utterly ruthless criminal mind. Cassel is nothing short of brilliant.
Mesrine's life is almost too close to cinema to be true: we've seen wiseguys like this before, and the film offers few psychological clues as to why a middle-class boy from Clichy might tumble to crime.
Mesrine is a movie that deserves to be rated up there with Scarface. It's so good that after a few minutes you're so completely absorbed you forget that you're watching a subtitled movie.
Director Jean-Francois Richet shows a career in crime with pulse-pounding moments of pure cinema, then lets you decide what to make of this homicidal sociopath.
The second [part] throws in heart-stoppingly exciting blasts of Bullit and Papillon.
An instant gangster classic.
Every bit as gripping as Mesrine: Killer Instinct, this is an extremely enjoyable, terrifically directed gangster thriller.
Mesrine: Killer Instinct is episodic to a fault, with few scenes playing more than a minute or two. The effect of Richet's hyperventilating filmmaking is akin to that of an extended-play trailer.
Jean-François Richet has made two pictures that complement and build on each other with widescreen verve.
Click for full review

@highlight

Vincent Cassel is mesmerizing in the lead role. Even if it's less focused than its predecessor, it's more fun.