A Single Shot is a tense and nerve-wracking thriller, effective without frills, anchored by Sam Rockwell's stellar performance.
Filmed with a dark palette, "A Single Shot" is a perfect little film noir...
A Single Shot proves to be a mood piece set within a highly volatile location where everyone has a price.
Has anybody in a movie ever happened upon a large sum of money and gone on to live happily ever after?
A Single Shot is a confusing, overcomplicated little thriller.
A fascinating lead character can't overcome the familiarity of this atmospheric low-budget thriller.
The movie's general weariness - nothing happy happens here - transitions from tasteful to overbearing.
Lands somewhere between a good novel and a deadly country song, all with the power to take hold and refuse to leave you be.
A Single Shot assembles an outstanding, mostly under-appreciated, cast and with them crafts a tense, disquieting gothic fable led by the always preeminent Sam Rockwell.
A Single Shot does not add up to anywhere near the sum of its parts, and as individually impressive as any of those parts might be (Rockwell), we are left with a film that, if not quite a Frankenstein's monster, is certainly patchworky.
When the plot kicks in, and people actually start talking to each other, the film loses most of its momentum, but it still has enough sections of terse, pointed physicality that the overriding sensation of brute, blunt force rarely lets up.
Hillbilly noir, great cast, dueling beards.
It's Rockwell - and Rockwell alone - who makes "A Single Shot" count.
An odd mix of beautifully bleak atmosphere and hammily mannered performances, "A Single Shot" is simultaneously understated and overpowering.
Both predictable and outlandish.
It's a small story, but it's tied into the part of America that's been affected by larger financial instability, the corruption of drugs, and the lack of education and opportunity.
"A Single Shot" is a singular pleasure, and worth seeking out.
I'd go as far as to rank A Single Shot among Sam Rockwell's Top 10 performances.
The plot is predictable, but it takes almost two hours to tell because everyone has to chop their way through so much atmosphere.
None of these characters, no matter how trashed-up for the down-market occasion, are believable.
Sam Rockwell is one of Hollywood's most underrated actors and he shows why that's the case again in A Single Shot, a rural, neo-noir thriller that slowly pulls the viewer under its veil of mystery.
The back story disappoints less for its convoluted nature than for its failure to create a convincing set of motivations for its characters.
There at the center of the film is Rockwell, as good an actor as there is working today.
So heavy on atmosphere that it's hard to breathe, this derivative drama sleepwalks through familiar story lines despite the efforts of a first-rate cast.
Sam Rockwell delivers another outstanding performance in this saturnine meditation on greed set in backwoods Appalachia.
There's a fascinating start of a story here, but the perplexing decision to smother it ends up doing no favors for anyone.
The pace feels too languid, draining some of the tension and suspense from the story.
This often feels familiar, but it's refreshing to see such time-worn material revived without ironic detachment.
A grim and glacially paced melodrama ...
A slow-moving, unsurprising piece of noirish backwoods pulp.
The film charts no new territory but is terrifically cast and, like its source novel, long on atmosphere.
It's largely just an opportunity for the actors to try on Ozark-y mannerisms, swig moonshine, and hock loogies. And like most exercises in authenticity, it couldn't be more inauthentic if it tried.
A confident offering of suspense that seldom loses its way, holding viewer attention through unfortunate impulses of greed and a sustained grip of paranoia.
Pretentious pulp fiction
Sam Rockwell has quietly developed into one of the most essential actors of his generation. A Single Shot may not be his best film or even his best work but it's another accomplishment for one of our best performers.
What passes for a plot has been done a thousand times before-in much better films than A Single Shot.
A strong showcase for the talent involved.
Despite its byzantine narrative, the film remains never less than absorbing, as the walls slowly close in on this good-hearted but ultimately flawed protagonist.
David M. Rosenthal's sturdy, nasty rural noir, based on Matthew F. Jones's novel, is so sharp and rusted through that, after taking it in, you'll likely need a tetanus shot.
A SINGLE SHOT is another reminder of just how fantastic an actor Mr. Rockwell is as he holds it all together with a powerful performance.
David Rosenthal's follow-up to Janie Jones is in the end too shot through with genre cliché to prevail as the gritty thriller that it is striving to be.
A Single Shot aims to serve up gritty backwoods noir but misses its target by some distance.
Its protagonist hits an unplanned target, but this increasingly risible mishmash misses at almost every turn.
A good little indie, and cable's a good, nurturing home for it.
Its ongoing reveal of interconnected, rough-edged characters, as well as a tone that's a twangy, noirish brew of the Coen brothers, Alfred Hitchcock, and Winter's Bone, are ultimately what make the movie unsettling and absorbing.
Its portrait of foolishness and fallibility, and its atmosphere of inevitable doom, remain sturdy and captivating.

@highlight

It has a bleak sense of atmosphere and a terrific performance by Sam Rockwell, but A Single Shot is undercut by its predictable story and slow pace.