Undiscovered has about as much emotional depth and romantic sensibility as an episode of a Simpson sister MTV reality show.
There is not a single moment in the undistinguished Undiscovered that will do for [Pell] James what those couple of compassionate, moving minutes do in Jim Jarmusch's [Broken Flowers].
Prolific music-video director Meiert Avis is making his feature film directorial debut with Undiscovered -- and his obvious greenness shows.
How bad is it? Ashlee Simpson has a supporting role in it and her singing isn't the worst thing about it.
Undiscovered is a lifeless affair, as disinterested in its own characters as moviegoers are likely to be.
It may be a cheesy lark, but life bubbles through the cheese.
Some movies just deserve to be tucked away into obscurity. This is one of those movies.
It isn't bad enough to be good.
Undiscovered feels more like a pilot for a glossy nighttime soap on Fox -- probably one that would be canceled midseason -- than a feature film with even a modicum of discernible originality or depth.
It's all very tacky, overheated and derivative, like Los Angeles itself.
This thing makes Glitter look like gold.
Undiscovered would like to think of itself as a gritty, documentary-style indie about hopefuls on the fringes of the industry, but it's more like one of those lame hair-metal bands that went out and bought flannel shirts after Nirvana hit it big.
A nice portrayal by Ashlee of a wanna-be rocker, in a music story in L.A. without drugs!
Ashlee's better at acting and singing than her more famous sister Jessica, but that's no great feat; might as well add that she'd make a better brain surgeon, too.
The script is every bit as literate as the content you'd find a back issue of "Blender," with just as much eye candy to bolster the thin material. Too bad this candy is sour.
Simpson steals the show -- which, admittedly, isn't saying much considering her stiffest competition comes by way of a skateboarding bulldog.
Although it's all but forgotten before the fade-out, you don't rush to turn it off, either.
An enjoyably cheesy teen melodrama with a touch of indie edge.
For a jerky, cliché-riddled yarn about the evils of fame, Undiscovered has enough sensitivity, wit, and inadvertent guffaws to rise above its lame underpinnings.
Avis layers every sequence with pop singles and confuses poor camera focus and colored lighting for aesthetic flair.
Bottom line: I get paid to sit through this kind of rubbish. You don't.
By the time Peter Weller appears to do his William Burroughs routine, you can only assume an angry God has added up all your sins and this movie is your punishment.
Director Meiert Avis is a veteran helmer of music videos, so while it is not entirely surprising that he has no feel for character or structure, it is strange that he doesn't breathe much life into the frequent musical performances and montages either.
Like, sigh!
I am no fan of Ashlee Simpson, nor of her retarded, buck-toothed sister, but that has nothing to do with my view of this film. It would be just as bad if it were Ashlee-free.
A PG-13 dramedy set in L.A. about some attractive, way-too-earnest aspiring stars has the potential to be a delectable good-bad favorite, but Undiscovered is nowhere near the guilty pleasure it could have been.
Aiming for a bohemian punkster look, Simpson instead comes across as a deglamourized Kristy McNichol, outfitted with... a lower lip that continually does The Wave.
Not one character has the emotional maturity of an English muffin. If we could harness the intellectual energy of everyone involved in this, we could toast one. Lightly.
When Ashlee Simpson is the best thing about a movie then you know you are in trouble.
Undiscovered works a little. That may be enough for romantics needing a break from harsh reality.
The interesting dilemma with this film is wondering whether to be more embarrassed for the actors or the writer.
A real dog of a film.
An Ashlee Simpson vehicle disguised as a 2-hour episode of Fame.
There's a pleasing patina of pure schlock that almost -- and I stress almost -- makes Undiscovered watchable.
Ashlee Simpson only has a supporting role, but she is far and away the best thing about this puerile indie drama.
if ever there was a movie whose title deserved its fate, it is Undiscovered.
Steven Strait has it all -- looks, talent, charisma and a smile to die for. Unfortunately, he can't save 'Undiscovered.'
For some reason, the semitalented folks behind Undiscovered think the world needs to be reminded that showbiz success can be tough on true love.
It's "The Heights: The Movie," and who the blazes remembers "The Heights" (besides Jamie Walters' friends and loved ones, of course)?
Comedy, romance and rock performance are spliced into a curious mediocrity.
While the camera cannot stay still, the plot can't get going.
Undiscovered just may be the dumbest movie of 2005.
Undiscovered is for teens who haven't had their dreams of becoming models and rockers crushed out of them yet. It isn't a really good movie, but there's real talent in it.
It's contrived, cutesy and quickly tiresome.
Undiscovered is a film about a great songwriter, and it contains horrible songwriting.
When Hollywood suits conduct their autopsy on what went wrong at the box office this summer, they may wish to exhume the corpse of Undiscovered for a closer inspection. If they can stand the stench.
Misunderstandings, hurt feelings and anguished love songs follow.
As a cautionary drama on the price of fame, Undiscovered could not tread on more exhaustively discovered territory, and the result is a reel-by-reel trail of cliches.
Undiscovered is a pack of romantic nonsense arranged to suit a pre-teen audience.
Well, at least it doesn't look like a music video...props for that.
Tyson, a brown and white English bulldog, has his own Web site, which offers clips of the eager fireplug flying down the street on his skateboard. In other words, you don't have to endure this dreadful movie to see him in action.
This is a movie in which we're expected to buy Ashlee Simpson as a singer on the threshold of becoming a major star. That's an idea so ridiculous it could never happen in fiction, only in real life.
Anyone who has an actual interest in filmmaking or music would be best served by staying far, far away.
All this silliness swirls around for about an hour and a half and then you get to leave the theater. Unless you're being held there at gunpoint. And really, that's about the only excuse for being in a theater watching this thing in the first place.
Incidentally, Simpson is pretty good, playing Luke and Briar's spunky pal. But her inoffensive goodness is a symptom of the movie's relentless homogeneity.
It's a testament to Simpson's low-key likability that she doesn't stick out in Undiscovered, but instead helps make the film a snug if predictable fit.
What can you say about a movie where a skateboard-riding bulldog has the best lines of dialogue?
[F]or younger teens able to buy into the heart on the sleeve emotions, and ignore the things that seem all too obvious to older and more cynical adults.
The movie doesn't waste too much time with unnecessary stuff like having an interesting story. Its real job is to make everyone in it look like the most delicious batch of snack cakes ever. It succeeds at that at least.
Can somebody tell me why we're supposed to care about these one-dimensional MTV-spawned caricatures? Writer John Galt and director Meiert Avis sure haven't offered any clues.
After a promising start, the script begins to sound like it was written by little girls playing Barbies.
Strangely for a film about music, Undiscovered lacks any spark or energy. Originality also is out of the question; after all, this is a movie that climaxes with one love-struck character racing after another at an airport.
Should have no trouble living up to its title at the boxoffice.
Undiscovered is the kind of elliptical romance in which any scenes of substance (say, where the lovebirds get to know one another or have an actual conversation) have been omitted to clear space for the music video montages.
Undiscovered promotes one of the stupidest visions of the entertainment industry since American Idol opened the celebrity gateway to the dregs of the karaoke generation.
James and Strait make the most of the material, even though there's no real mystery as to how things are going to work out.
Set in Los Angeles among a group of young people who dream of becoming famous, Undiscovered carries more than a whiff of the self-referential.
A movie about artistic authenticity in search of its own.
Just about the quality of a busted WB Network pilot, 'Undiscovered' certainly deserves to remain that way.
Tailored for the readership of Teen People magazine and about as thought-provoking as the average 500-word celebrity profile.
Soap opera bad...Glitter bad...Avoid at all costs.
Here, unplugged, unremorseful and unfathomably bad, is Undiscovered, a 'romantic comedy with a big heart' (that's publicity-speak) and a very small brain.
James' beauty doesn't overcome the way she mutters her lines from a superficial script and story. This is little more than a glorified music video.

@highlight

Undiscovered, a film about aspiring actresses and musicians, lacks originality and a convincing plot.