That said, Score serves well as an introduction to the meticulous process by which soundtracks are created, and includes numerous case studies that reveal just how music contrives to shape our movie-going experiences.
In true Reithian fashion, there's plenty here to inform, educate and entertain
Anyone whose interest runs deeper than humming the Darth Vader march will delight at the sheer who's who lined up for this tantalising insight into an art form that leading light Hans Zimmer reminds us keeps the world's studio orchestras in work.
It would take someone with ears of cloth and a heart of stone not to start fishing out some of the old soundtracks to enjoy them anew.
Whilst the film assumes its audience isn't stupid, it doesn't stray into hard-core audiophile territory either and it is all the stronger for it. This is an absolute must for fans of the medium.
Schrader has done the world of cinephiles a real service by bringing these good folks together into one movie; we are privileged to learn from them.
This film is a must for any filmmaker or anyone who is thinking of becoming a film music composer.
It's lots of fun revisiting favorite emotional cinematic moments and also noting the vastly different outfits that score orchestra musicians choose to wear to work, from business suits to sweats.
A genial 93-minute dash through the history, process and contemporary practice of film composition.
Score: A Film Music Documentary is a celebration of the artists who create the musical heartbeat of the movies we love
Along the way, some treasure is mined from the film's numerous speakers, all of whom seemed happily enamored with their work.
Schrader delves into film music by merely acting as a fly on the wall, letting the masterminds speak for themselves, creating a non-intrusive film with a pulsating heartbeat.
I would recommend Score: A Film Music Documentary to any and every film buff.
If names such as Reznor and Zimmer mean nothing to you, then Score probably isn't for you. But if you're that moviegoer who hangs around during the closing credits to see who helped make the movie, it will be music to your ears.
"Score: A Film Music Documentary" spotlights such a rich and fascinating topic - the craft of motion picture scoring - that its mere presence proves a feast for the eyes and ears.
It's a well researched, solidly constructed, star-studded look into a film community that has been vital since the days of silent pictures. Highly recommended.
For plain old movie geeks, however, Score: A Film Music Documentary is nothing short of an absolute delight.
While those who want a deeper dive into the conflicts and controversies in the field may be left wanting, it will still have you reaching for your favorite scores and eager to learn more about the art of composing for movies.
Composers and experts discuss movie soundtracks in a polished, laid-back documentary.
"Score" does leave you with a real respect for these people, and their tireless search for ways to turn emotion into sound. An honest appreciation for their literally invisible work. And a determination, I hope, to go out and buy some of it ...
This is a movie that is too frenetic and basic to make a substantial impression. I appreciated a kernel of observation here and there, but not enough for me to give it a whole-hearted embrace.
Delving into the film history and theory behind the music, Schrader crafts a delightful treat for movie fans.
Unfortunately, it aims to be as comprehensive as possible about a subject as old as cinema itself, and as a result ends up feeling both breezy and overlong.
Tidy and informative ...
Score finally gives film composers their due with a documentary that's part geeky history lesson, part tribute to some of the greatest musical moments in movie history.
Score may be little more than a superficial primer on a dizzyingly expansive subject, but Schrader offers just enough to satisfy both film-music novices and dyed-in-the-wool fanatics.
Score's charms are many, offering an appealing portrait of an aspect of cinema that sometimes doesn't get the appreciation it deserves.
Film geeks can tap their toes to the strains of Jaws, Psycho, Star Wars and more with Score: A Film Music Documentary, a lively examination of the role of music in the movies.
Exploring the process of creating a film score, as fascinating as it is, soon becomes a bit wearying. Still, you'll find yourself humming some of the more memorable tunes as the credits roll.
Score: A Film Music Documentary is fine as a primer on the history of film scores, but as a doc it's merely adequate.
A beautiful love letter to the movies and the people who help make them even more beautiful.
Easy to simply embrace Score as a jukebox of some of the greatest musical moments in film history, enjoying the sweeping musical moments as they play out against dozens of classic films.
Terrifically engaging.

@highlight

SCORE: A Film Music Documentary offers a long-overdue look at an integral component of cinema whose abbreviated overview of the subject should only leave viewers ready for more.