The movie is a ghastly, ramshackle mess, lurching from gag to clunking gag and exacerbated by Barry Peterson's harsh cinematography, making everyone look considerably older than they are.
... writer-director Ron Shelton is a long way from the cerebral wit of his Bull Durham heyday.
Unfunny action comedy wastes great cast; violence, language.
Among the wisest things ever said about old age will always be the immortal dictum of Bette Davis: "Old age ain't for sissies." It also ain't for people whose skills have vanished completely but are pretending they haven't.
The climactic 20 minutes of Just Getting Started are so lazily directed that I wondered why Shelton bothered trying to put action into the movie at all.
If this is what the "golden years" are going to be like, count me out.
Not even two Oscar winners can save this garbage.
Dramatically and comically impotent.
This wheezy romantic caper ... inspires little more than melancholy reminiscences of Mr. Shelton's earlier work.
"Just Wrapping Up" any career in comedy is more like it.
The problem with this tepid, senior-centric Christmas comedy is that it never really gets going. It's seasonal sludge.
...nobody -- not the audience, and certainly not the cast -- deserves a clunker like this.
A rather lazy boondoggle by Shelton, who waited 14 years to direct again and didn't bother to make it worthwhile.
Just Getting Started simply never does get started. It's D.O.A.
Ron Shelton's lame comedy is an utterly useless misfire that brings out the worst in all parties involved.
The film is ingratiating enough, but its main value is to make us eager for another, more substantial Shelton movie long before another decade has slipped by.
Even a cast with this many award wins and nominations can't salvage a script that will have viewers audibly sighing, rather than laughing.
This mild and dawdling picture is the sort of trifle meant for a retirement-age audience who just want to spend a pleasant and uneventful hour-and-a-half with a few name actors of a certain age. There's very little comedy here and even less action.
Tonally bizarre, lazily performed, and deeply unfunny.
Everyone involved in the making of Just Getting Started should be charged with war crimes. Okay, that's obviously just a joke, but my gosh, what an endurance test this movie is.

@highlight

A thoroughly unfunny misfire, Just Getting Started manages the incredible feat of wasting more than a century of combined acting experience from its three talented leads.