With The Exotic Hotel Marigold (2011), which oscillates between comedy and drama, the British John Madden confirms that he is an artisan who knows how to soundly travel through genres... [Full review in Spanish]
Hopes were so high. It's not that they were dashed and smashed, it's just that they wilted like a marigold in the sun.
Marigold may be relatively toothless, but cast-wise, it's pure class.
This isn't a great film, but it's a delight to watch, and how many films can you say that about?
The movie is visually sumptuous, the colors vibrant, the indigenous faces arresting, the local customs intriguing, and the soundtrack catchy.
It's a movie about finding purpose in life, late in life, that makes its point by first subjecting its characters to the most reductive grumpy-old-men/women shenanigans.
A predictable, sugary-sweet confection that thrives on the liver-spotted backs of its sterling silver-haired actors.
its difficult to sit through the final scenes without thinking of what Madden could have cut to earn Marigold Hotel a five-star rating.
Proof that even the young can mistakenly see the aged as elderly. Their bodies may have degraded, but their minds and spirits are no less sharp.
The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel is a true example of an ensemble piece where a group of veteran actors show that they are just as good as they ever were.
Even at its most arm-twistingly obvious, The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel ultimately ended up leaving me somewhere close to smitten.
If you like films about travel, if you like watching film legends work together, you might want to check into "The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel." Consummate professionals and some sharp writing and interesting cinematography make it worth the trip.
It would be churlish to condemn The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel in its entirety. It delivers some real laughs and offers brilliant performances from an experienced cast; just don't expect anything you haven't seen before.
It may not be a particularly memorable film, but it's a joy to watch so much talent on the screen.
Almost exactly what I expected (with a few very nice twists), and you know what? That's just fine.
If all you want to see is talented British performers of a certain age, then 'The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel' is for you. If you want something surprising, perhaps with a bit of an edge, then you'll have to look elsewhere.
I went, as I imagine many people will, for some Quality Dame Time and I got it so I shouldn't complain...
Penelope Wilton, as the sourpuss among the group, takes top honors. She is the only one who refuses to be taken in by the cheap exoticism and trite affirmations that Hotel offers its guests.
Perhaps only one of the stories rises above cliche, but they are all told well with the total being more than the sum of the parts
Everything in Ol Parker's screenplay plays out in gently predictable fashion. It's up to the delightful cast, and to the light touch of director John Madden, to bring life and warmth.
Clothes may make the man, but they most CERTAINLY make the character," Bill Nighy says. "I spend quite a lot of time fretting over what a character would wear, how he'll look."
This mixture of comedy and drama works because of the very talented cast. Some of the dialog is quite good, too. It is also nice to see an intelligent movie aimed at adults for a change.
The acting talent elevates a run of the mill story to grander heights
Even if the film's amenities are wildly uneven, there's enough fun and poignancy in it to earn the property three stars.
Made with precision and verve, this retiree comedy uses veteran actors to bring out the joys and heartbreaks of a life-changing stay in a disheveled Indian hotel.
The wonderful cast manages to find nuggets of laughter, hope and sadness in a story about the notion that being older doesn't mean you lose your zest for life.
What makes this film work is not the predictable plot and characters. It's the acting. The movie has a special cast. Even though they often are given pat sequences, the actors are crown-jewel professionals, and their talent glimmers through.
A great exercise in British acting.
The Avengers for the elderly demographic, it's harmless, undemanding piffle. It's a worthy sentiment to graciously offer a film for moviegoers both young and old who might not know a Hulk from a Thing. It's just a shame the result isn't a better movie.
I'm not fond of the word, but no other adjective really gets to the heart of The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel like delightful.
Moviegoers may feel they've been invited to an Indian restaurant where the buffet consists of white bread and boiled potatoes.
It's quickly going to become the new favorite movie of flocks of moviegoers whose hearts don't necessarily race at the sight of superheroes in spandex, killer space aliens, randy teenagers or serial killers.
A fantasy for the over-sixty crowd
The actors bring some verve and wit to their characters, but the movie has all the liveliness of a retiree taking an afternoon nap.
A classic case where all of the talent involved elevates familiar, predictable beats into something genuinely involving and moving.
The veteran cast is wonderful, making the most of a movie whose sole reason to exist is to make audiences smile.
'The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel' seems more life changing for its participants than for its viewers, but at least the participants are interesting.
Enjoyable, funny and inspires us to look at the glass as half full vs half empty.
Its little dramas unfold in predictable ways, just as cozy as one of the costume dramas which many of its stars have put in their time on.
I'm sure many undemanding viewers over the age of 60 will enjoy themselves, just cause it was made for them. But I would like a movie with well written and real characters please.
Adventurous and exotic, Anglophiles should check in and check it out.
Skillfully acted by a group that has, between them, 14 Academy Award nominations and 3 Oscars (not to mention the one Bill Nighy should have won for "Love Actually"),
As for the Marigold Hotel, well, it's not the Delano. But overall it's a fine spot to spend a couple of hours.
The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel represents genteel filmmaking at its finest.
Basically, there's just too much crammed into "Marigold Hotel" for any of it to have impact. It may work as comfort food for old folks, but a bit less may have yielded a great deal more.
The movie itself is a mawkish comedy-drama-romance, but the astounding cast makes it feel like a night on the West End.
"The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel" is an Indian dish for day-trippers. Lacking beef or sufficient spice, it's nonetheless colorful comfort food.
Se por um lado merece créditos por enfocar o drama e a comédia da terceira idade, por outro não deixa de desapontar ao apostar num roteiro frágil cujos equívocos acabam sendo disfarçados simplesmente graças à qualidade de seu elenco formidável.
The old pros elevate Hotel's otherwise pat screenplay into that sweet spot where predictability fails to negate pleasure.
The superb cast still cannot save a weak story.
[It] follows in the footsteps of countless other quaint, lengthily titled dollops of cinematic comfort food aimed at well-settled audiences looking for a little vicarious, AARP-approved spunk. Not that there's anything wrong with that.
There's little that's surprising about the film - everyone ends up pretty much where you'd guess - but that predictable quality becomes part of the pleasure of watching it, like a book that's happily reread.
If nothing else, "Marigold Hotel" is a chance to watch British acting royalty work together in a film that has nothing to do with wizards or Muggles. Yet the result is no less fantasy than "Harry Potter."
By dropping a classic "Brits abroad" story into modern, urban India, "Marigold" brings chaotic energy to what would otherwise be merely cozy and predictable.
"Eat Gray Love"...the whole enterprise [is] too platitudinous, but with powerhouse actors like Dench, Nighy and Wilkinson, even a critic can agree it's better to be plucky than a sour stick-in-the-mud.
They're stuck with a script, by Ol Parker, that's stuffed with contrivance and cliché, and doggedly repetitive as it tracks its characters' efforts to find new love and adapt to new surroundings.
Your parents probably don't want to go to The Avengers this weekend (and that's okay!) but audiences can do far worse for themselves than to take a quick cinematic trip to John Madden's The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel.
As mild, comforting and vaguely colonial as beans on toast, The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel brings together some of Britain's top-shelf acting treasures for a story of late-life awakenings and self-discovery in India.
Pretty much anyone with an AARP card will relate to this movie in some way and therefore adore it.
An esteemed ensemble cast of British veterans elevates this modestly charming saga.
They're not super; they're superannuated 'Avengers.' If I had to put money on which film would still be standing in theaters come Labor Day, it would be this one.
The witty script, Eastern locale, and tony cast may summon up memories of the old Merchant-Ivory films.
The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel is an ersatz experience, a commingling of forced uplift and exotica, but it's moving anyway.
Moviegoers of a certain age are eager to see themselves reflected on screen, no matter how banal that reflection looks.
It's comfort food filmmaking, designed to satiate the appetite of its specific audience.
Fabulously acted retiree drama will appeal more to parents.
There are brutal truths about the declining years in Best Exotic, from loneliness to financial woes that can't be solved by getting a new job, but they are amply padded with comedy and cheery messages about acceptance; this is no bitter pill to swallow.
If Carl from 'Up' bumped into 'Shirley Valentine'; if 'Eat Pray Love''s Liz Gilbert located a personality; if John Madden echoed his artful juggle from 'Shakespeare in Love' -- oh, wait, he did...
At its finest sitting back and allowing the gifted performers an opportunity to feel around the situations, usually discovering the most precise emotions to play.
The production looks good with its bright colors, the locale is, indeed, exotic and the acting is serviceable but the script...has no life to it.
The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel may not be capable of living up to every word in the title, but it does make for one engaging escape, no matter your age.
It's hard to complain too much when your leads are Dench and Smith, Nighy and Wilkinson - all giving an actor's master class in the power of doing just enough.
A refreshing, mature fairy tale with a top-notch ensemble cast.
It's a film about people of a certain age; as it happens, they're all played by the creme de la creme of U.K. actors of a certain age. What jolly luck!
With its stereotypical characters and creaky plot turns, this passage to India feels even longer than its running time.
The entertainment that one is able to derive from it is directly proportional to the appeal of each character. Those levels vary widely.
When a film has a dream cast led by Judi Dench, Tom Wilkinson, Maggie Smith, and Bill Nighy, you can't go far wrong, and that is exactly the case with Ol Parker's adaptation of the novel by prolific British television and screenwriter Deborah Moggach
Yes, the actors here deliver the monologues ... with verve, but these aren't characters. They alternate between speechmaker and sounding board for another's speech.
"Marigold Hotel" is too well made to be dismissed and contains too much truth to be scorned.
Those who will see The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel are looking for something calm, safe, gently humorous, and entirely unchallenging. And that's exactly what they get.
This movie is sure to appeal to an older crowd, and it's great that a film has been made for their demographic. One just wishes it were a little better than this one.
A dream team ensemble cast of British acting superstars gives a predictable story of displaced retirees spark and depth in this cozy tale.
It's a cup of tea made no less satisfying by the fact that you'll know how it's going to taste every sip of the way.
Besides its sterling cast, its ace in the hole is its pungent depiction of Jaipur's teeming streets, which give an otherwise well-mannered movie a blinding splash of color.
It all makes for a movie whose infectious charm outweighs some of the predictability that slips in around the edges.
Is this the dullest movie of the last 12 months or am I overlooking something?
It's a sweet-tempered folly in which all's well that ends well.
[Madden directs] a treasure trove of top-notch British actors who bring professionalism and humanity to a leisurely story that never sinks under the weight of a sentimental script.
Filled with Indian (and British) clichés, it is nonetheless a pleasant diversion that doesn't involve special effects or 3D glasses.
'The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel" is proof that art-house films can be as clichéd and soggily sentimental as the big-ticket items playing at the multiplex.
With a lesser cast, the movie would be a lineup of TV-movie clichés. But this is a cast that never makes a false move even when the script settles for formula.
They might not be doing groundbreaking work here, but Dench, Nighy, Wilkinson and the rest are doing what they are given to do very well.
Madden and screenwriter Ol Parker take the easiest, most familiar paths (we're still doing Viagra jokes?), dropping every opportunity to explore issues like culture clash, loneliness and mortality.
A feel-good bit of fluff for the senior set....A pity it never takes any chances or goes beyond the obvious.
With its accent on character, it feels more like a comfy novel than a movie.
If you loved Salmon Fishing in the Yemen ...
A gently amusing tale of seven seniors who run away from dreary old England for a new life as retirement Raj in India.
Not just a simple cinematic confection, it offers emotional depth, terrific acting and the kind of enjoyment that too few movies even aspire to these days.
A cast of great Brits of old-age pensioner vintage lights up John ("Shakespeare in Love") Madden's film...an adorable comedy about elderly pioneers tackling life's last great adventure.
As two-hour tours go, "The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel" goes smoothly.
Brought to life by actors who give the film substance and gravity it doesn't otherwise know how to earn.
A charming, funny and heartwarming movie ... a smoothly crafted entertainment that makes good use of seven superb veterans.
Mostly, "Marigold Hotel" is old-fashioned, safe and resistant to stray from its comfort zone -- like visiting a foreign country and only eating the foods you already know you like.
[A] lulling, happy-face story of retirement-age self-renewal, set in a shimmering, weltering, jewel-colored India.
The Avengers of old age, a team of superhero actors considerably enhance this sweet but slight look at taking life by the tail.
A surprisingly witty and touching fable that gets its charm and considerable zest for life from what has to be the finest cast of actors in any movie this year.
A top-drawer dramady about a band of English retirees in India and the challenges and transformations they undergo.
The film is home to some unique redeeming factors, but it panders to viewers by diluting its lesson, which teaches that some comfort zones can only be truly abandoned on the other side of the world.
This small-scale film is such anomaly in today's youth-oriented, spectacle-driven industry that you have to respect the conviction of director John (Shakespeare in Love) Madden and his glorious cast.
Mostly, we're stuck watching U.K. cinema bright lights ... navigating sub-sitcom scenarios that touch perfunctorily, sometimes borderline offensively, on issues of sexuality, soulmates and culture clash.
The plot twists are about as venerable as the cast and predictably affecting when performed with such old-hand proficiency.
When not pivoting on an almost imperially predetermined plot point, it's doling out dollops of the most conventional wisdom imaginable...
Judi Dench delivers one of her most wide-ranging and moving performances.
Truly feel good comedies don't come along often enough and this one is impossible to resist.
Schmaltzy, sure, but this witty comedy-drama is a riot of colors and blessed by performances from A-list British actors.
Will leave you grinning for days.
The best advice when watching The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel is to accept its dramatic short cuts as the flaws they are. While its resolutions are of the most contrived nature, its sincerity and performances make up for it.
Despite the strong performances, the film does feel stuffy with its forced, predictable storyline.
The Best Exotic will come as a welcome surprise. A sunny but shrewd musing, it offers an oft-ignored section of the cinema-going audience a delightful hit all their own.
A chaotic and colourful mixture of the predictable, the charming and the contrived
Chasing dreams, embracing change and quoting Kipling are some of the elements of this funny, bittersweet and uplifting tale set against a chaotic, colourful backdrop in India
British retirees rediscover a lust for life in uneven Indian-set dramedy.
A sterling cast and a fine balance of comedy and poignancy make this story of unfulfilled Brit retirees discovering new life in India a pleasure-filled journey.
You are never too old for the cinema. The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel proves there is life in the old stars yet. Maggie Smith, Judi Dench and Tom Wilkinson serve up an Indian delight.
[K]ooky-cutesy dramedy [is] the height of clichéd predictability [but] Wilkinson, Dench, and Nighy are a pleasure to watch, always, and especially so in the occasional moments they have together here...
[A] shallow but not wholly untruthful film...
This film may have an older audience in mind, but its characters' personal issues are universally felt on the whole.
Charming, delightful and amusing -- just what you'd expect from the star-studded cast of veterans.
The whole film pursues its way affectionately enough down the path of sentimentality and facile comedy-drama as if that's all we could possibly want.
A hilarious and touching comedy about growing old disgracefully.
Dench and Nighy are sublime as always.
This is certainly a harmless and whimsical look at old age - but sadly the film lacks any real substance.
It's a treat to see a feelgood movie in which elderly heroes triumph over adversity - and their own pessimistic expectations.
Despite the combined age of the cast, the script is remarkably life-affirming.
It's a film which looks as if it has been conceived to be shown on a continuous loop in a Post Office queue.
By the time we realise the movie is as thin as a wraith and as winsome as syrup, with some nice moments, it is over.
This autumn-years excursion is touristically picturesque and elegantly acted - but with little real sense of adventure.
Good intentions alone do not make a great film, and it's certainly not: but it's sweet-natured, good-hearted and decent.
A warm and charming, if somewhat forgettable, little experience.
As schematic as any summer event movie, with character arcs that could be plotted on a graph from the minute our ensemble arrives at the eponymous, dubiously named lodgings.
Madden's movie is very cosy and predictable, and one or two of the performances don't always hit the right tone, but Dench, Nighy and Smith, in particular, are in fine form and the uplifting story will leave a warm glow.
There's a refreshing, amusing and touching candour to the picture's portrayal of its oldies in crisis. It turns out they have the same problems as people half their age - just with a different perspective.
Its superb cast ensures that The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel will probably be a hit with its target audience, but the script feels underwritten and it's never quite as funny or as emotionally engaging as it ought to be.
In terms of spirit and atmosphere, Marigold is as natural as its more experienced performers' talents.
This is a moving film that's a brilliant showcase for a superb cast. Take your granny to this one but be warned, there may be a few tears shed!
They might have just got away with it as a Sunday night mini-series but from a cinematic perspective, this trip shouldn't have been embarked upon.
The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel feasts on cultural clichés as if they were a chicken tikka masala banquet.
Charming, delightful and highly amusing - just what you'd expect from the star studded cast of veterans.
Bolstered by the great and the good of homegrown acting royalty, it just about gets away with the fact that Ol Parker's screenplay... at times pushes the humour parlously close to Carry On Up The Elderly.
The pleasure of seeing a supergroup of Brit-veterans soon withers in an OAP comedy that plumps for light laughs over deeper insights.
This poignant tale has an irresistible, heart-warming energy and also boasts sharp dialogue, skilfully interwoven subplots and a treasure trove of British stars giving a masterclass in ensemble acting.



@highlight

The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel isn't groundbreaking storytelling, but it's a sweet story about the senior set featuring a top-notch cast of veteran actors.