Andrea Arnold's Wuthering Heights is going to anger a lot of people. Which is a shame, because it is brilliant.
You could look at this as Arnold doing her job well -- after all, her source material isn't exactly a party -- but it's so bleak that it ends up being a little too hard to watch.
Arnold's coup turns the old story around, from a wicked love-lost tragedy into a crisis of a society suffering the guilt and ghosts of slavery.
Intense and imagistic, sensual and rather salacious, this is a wild, fascinatingly bleak adaptation that seizes on the book's more lurid motifs.
Wuthering Heights is stunningly shot and beautifully acted. It puts you inside the minds of Cathy and Heathcliff in a way no other adaptation has done before.
Cuts beneath the romantic accretion of decades of movie and TV adaptations to penetrate the dark heathen heart of Emily Bronte's 1847 novel.
Most of what's here is interesting enough to be valuable on its own right without quite managing to be "good".
Arnold drastically pares back dialogue and exposition, telling the classic tale of passion and revenge with probing, harshly sensual camera work and a minimum of sentimentality.
The atmosphere is vivid but the romance is not.
Your enjoyment of the film will depend on your appreciation of the troubling and brutal nature of the source material.
...almost unbearably sensual - and not only in a sexual way.
Arnold doesn't merely adapt Bronte's story but retells it in her own style, creating a film that can be frustratingly languid to start but becomes mesmerizing as it progresses.
In reality it's a bit of a slog.
Arnold has been successful in reimagining the story's archetypal emotions in the story, bringing it closer to its passionate elements.
Alive with texture--sensations and noises, fur and breezes, accentuating both slow-moving stillness and the perception of the now.
Arnold's film reinvents Brontë's 1847 tragedy as if it had never been filmed before, from the damp ground up.
The results are often obtuse and self-consciously arty. But the movie is also frequently engrossing, sucking the viewer into the emotional landscape of these star-crossed lovers.
Arnold ... has put her stamp on Emily Brontë's 19th-century novel Wuthering Heights, but it's a smudged and imperfect stamp, to be sure.
A great sensual experience, but not a very good movie
A classic story loses its luster
Bearing about as much resemblance to the famous 1939 film as chalk does to cheese, Arnold employs the jagged, realist style that defined her excellent films Red Road (2006) and Fish Tank (2009) to great effect.
While director Arnold captures the semi-barbaric violence, rough beauty and rustic splendor of her setting and period, her use of nonprofessional actors in many roles detracts from the story's power.
I never found a way in, and I couldn't wait for a way out.
Perfectly ridiculous adaptation of Emily Bronte's novel. Shaky-cam nausea combines with wooden amateur acting and sloppy editing to render an unpleasant experience.
Perfectly ridiculous adaptation of Emily Bronte's novel. Shaky-cam nausea combines with amateur acting and sloppy editing to render an unpleasant experience.
It is in so many ways the first adaptation of Wuthering Heights.
Essentially a misunderstanding of (or an inability to convey) the breathing soul of this material.
Lyrical and minimalist - if you don't care for such qualities, you may just find it slow ...
You feel its damp chill, enveloping the characters like a rough, thick cloak; if you screamed into this wind, nobody would hear you.
Arnold is so much stronger on atmosphere than event that she comes to seem resentful of Brontë's plot, and the final scenes are less discomfiting than laughable.
Visually drab despite the locales and emotionally parched despite the source, this isn't so much the heights as the cinematic depths.
She's made a massive miscalculation in shooting it this way. It's a story of grand passion and she misses out completely on the passion, partly because the actors are inexperienced and they don't deliver the goods in terms of performance.
Minimalistic, impressionistic, powerful filmmaking brings a fresh take to this English classic.
A bleak but gripping retelling of a literary classic, which makes brave but effective use of its creative license.
Wuthering Heights is an audacious retelling of the famous story; a unique retelling that should be championed and celebrated.
Even more striking than Arnold's impressionistic style is the way in which she strips these characters down to their abusive and vindictive cores.
With so much attention paid to mood and imagery, emotions seem to get lost in the wind.
It's just that there isn't enough story - the book shouldn't be required reading for the film to make sense.
The environment is one of unrelenting cruelty and misanthropy, which certainly brings out the novel's darker themes, but can be something of a slog to watch.
Visceral, at times savagely so. (Director Andrea) Arnold heightens the racial and sexual tension and content in ways that I'm not sure Bronte would approve of.
Through Arnold's eyes the story feels immediate and visceral.
Contemplative adaptation focuses on teen passion and angst.
All of the book's poetry is gone; it isn't even a memory.
Arnold knocks the work off its high-culture pedestal back into the mud.
The worst things a filmmaker can be accused of is making a boring film, or a film that takes the audience for a fool - or a film that ignores the cinematic needs of the audience. Arnold's Wuthering Heights seems to do all of these
Physical and mental abuse perpetuates throughout the two hours plus of the film's running time with little reward and Bronte enthusiasts will despair
The first half of the picture -- focusing on the younger versions of the lovers -- is more potent and inventive than the second half, which becomes more rigid as it seeks to the follow the dictates of the source material.
It absorbs you fully, even traps you, and you're better off for it.
One can admire the sublimity of Arnold's aesthetic compositions and framing, as well as the generally solid acting from a nonprofessional cast, but that's to no avail when the movie misses its emotional targets.
From the endless rain, wind and mud of the moors to the strange, selfish characters themselves, the film weighs on the soul.
... makes compelling changes while staying true to the spirit of Bronte's original work.
Arnold, a director of uncommon originality, attacks our very notion of what a costume drama should look like. The result is neither dainty nor remotely refined: It's an animalistic, mud-splattered howl of torment.
If you can slow down your movie metabolism enough to acclimate to its world, Arnold's naturalistic retelling grasps an elemental truth about the novel.
A brutal vision of a savage romance...
This is what the movies can do.
One of the most vividly realized and boldly original adaptations of an established literary classic to come along in recent memory.
If you can handle the glacial pacing and lack of dialogue, there is a certain squirmy satisfaction to watching this well-worn story of love, cruelty and madness play out minus the long-winded speeches and romantic catharsis.
This impressionistic take includes some strikingly authentic visuals, but the acting is lackluster and the languorous story often sinks into tedium with its focus on the minutiae of country life.
I love this movie, and love the way it burrows through an English-lit classic to deliver a sensory, kinetic experience that's true to the book but also entirely different.
An admirable, frustrating attempt to strip away the novel's inherited "classic" status and restore its raw and earthy passion.
This brave take is an interesting look at a classic for the few but may be too 'inner' concentrated for the many.
Probably the darkest movie ever made with endless scenes in shadowy rooms.
Andrea Arnold ("Red Road," "Fish Tank") adapts the Emily Brontë novel with a fresh spin that, ironically, is perhaps the first to fully articulate Brontë's world without much in the way of dialogue.
This Wuthering Heights is not something to be passively accepted, but deeply felt, down to the bone.
British director Andrea Arnold's Wuthering Heights is a version for our era, with a potent pastiche of naturalism, narcissism, a hint of incest, and a child victim's--Heathcliff's!--point of view.
...a film that is always interesting but never entirely compelling.
It's an unexpected take on Wuthering Heights, one made all the more powerful, and no less faithful, for its unconventional choices.
This weird, yearning movie could become beloved to many, just as the novel has been.
Undoubtedly, its coup de grâce has everything to do with race.
In whittling down Emily Brontë's romance to its most earthly aspects, Andrea Arnold stylizes herself into an unavoidable corner.
...Utterly absorbing, [Arnold] has created something lasting and beautiful, the kind of film that is entirely engaging.
Though a bold rethinking of the British classic, the film is marred by muddled dialogue and dark and claustrophobic photography.
This film provides a striking and immersive feeling of place and the ache of desire.
Bleak adaptation of Brontë classic lacks passion and power.
This is no Merchant Ivory version of the often-adapted classic.
It's a boldly modernist approach designed to irritate purists, and although it's pleasingly tactile, it's perhaps too avant garde; its fractured narrative and glimpses of lens flare constantly break the spell of the period fiction.
Andrea Arnold's stark, defiantly naturalistic new version succeeds brilliantly in injecting the shock of the new into this well-thumbed English classic.
Deserves a lot of credit for approaching sacred source material in such a radical form.
The film is by no means negligible.
It's not a costume drama in any real sense, with blusters of wind standing in for dialogue and, frankly, sheer boredom subbing for Brontë's look into the riddles of the human heart.
This Wuthering Heights, sponsored by the UK Film Council, may well please the juries. It isn't going to give you a good night out, though. Believe me. Writhing in your seat never lies.
A would-be sophisticated but actually naive attempt to turn Emily Bronte's fascinating, emotionally involving romantic melodrama into the most alienating kind of brutalism.
Arrestingly shot in natural light, with no soundtrack, the moors have never seemed more alien or bleak and this does stay with you but at over two hours long it's rather hard work.
I'd say this astonishing adaptation of Wuthering Heights was one of the most impressive costume dramas I've seen in years, except it's so far removed from any normal expectations of the genre that I'd hesitate to call it a costume drama at all.
Even squeezed into the film's square frame, Arnold's trademark, like snaps from an early box camera, Ryan's images are often overpowering.
The film gave me something I never expect to get from any classic literary adaptation: the shock of the new.
Arnold's radical approach might have worked but for one fatal flaw. Her Heathcliff can't act.
Where's the dangerous passion and emotion which has kept the book alive down the generations for so long?
There have been many screen versions of Wuthering Heights but we've never seen one quite like this.
This is definitely a film to watch - but only as part of a discourse on what love is. Despite a very committed vision and understatedly solid actors, somehow this never quite feel like what Emily Brontë intended.
There's something satisfyingly jolting about the way Arnold makes Brontë her own.
Arnold, who is known to be a very instinctive film-maker, aims for the dark heart of the novel ... Nature is her only true star in this.
An astonishing-looking adaptation that captures the setting of the book, and its darkness, wonderfully, but goes too far towards edgy in its quest to avoid the usual literary clichés.
A gutsy if not entirely successful interpretation of Brontë's tome.
A strikingly bold and impressively naturalistic adaptation of Bronte's novel, heightened by terrific performances from its two young leads, though the second half of the film can't quite live up to the first.
It's a visually forceful attempt at seizing the ardor of the novel that nevertheless pales next to the abyss of passion explored by Luis Buñuel in his own strange, 1954 visualization of Brontë's classic.
Its singular and unflinching vision is always admirable and often breathtaking.
Faithful and bold...
A defiantly art-house adaptation of the Emily Brontë classic that is from the school of Robert Bresson rather than Merchant Ivory.
An audaciously and satisfyingly stark, direct and radical approach to an oft-filmed literary classic.
Unfortunately more interesting in theory than it is to watch.
This 'Wuthering Heights' looks astounding and there are clever decisions in almost every scene.
This is an updating in tone rather than time, often without the essential explosiveness of the book. But it's one way of reinterpreting Brontë's words and visually, at least, an extraordinary achievement.
Arnold's approach does Brontë no disservice...

@highlight

Director Andrea Arnold's gritty, naturalistic re-imagining of the Emily Bronte classic stays true to the book's spirit while utilizing an unconventional approach to explore the romantic yearning at the heart of the story.