The only gale-force laughter in later scenes comes when the hero meets the Beatles.
Like the drunk guy who squeezes your arm and tells the same joke over and over until you laugh, goddamn you, laugh!
The entire film has three repetitive jokes: Dewey cut his brother in half, Dewey can't smell, and he's going to take drugs. So it's kind of amazing how well the film works.
Throughout his entire acting career, John C. Reilly has always played second fiddle, and his choice in movies has never really allowed him to show off his comedic talents. That is, at least, until now.
... starts out brilliantly playing with the tired tropes of musical biopics before utterly losing its way.
Awfully uneven, sometimes not funny at all, but John C. Reilly is so goofily sincere and Jake Kasdan and Judd Apatow include enough comedic gems to make it worthwhile.
Walk Hard brings the funny and a keen observational sense
fantastic fun
John C. Reilly does Dewey Cox as a hilarious stoner, beer gut middle-aged teen, with a touch of Imus. Move over, Britney Spears.
Como sátira às inúmeras e formulaicas cinebiografias de músicos célebres, o filme funciona maravilhosamente bem. Pena que recaia com tanta freqüência na paródia, que peca por um exagero que embaraçaria até mesmo o trio Zucker-Abraham-Zucker.
a perfect storm of incompetent idiocy that might kill off mockumentaries altogether.
Who knew that Judd Apatow, the master of sex comedies, also spoke jive?
Walk Hard is not making a mockery of the music or the musicians. It only playfully takes the teases the filmmakers and the conventions that have developed in telling these tortured artists' stories. It's only Matinee price because it is occasionally a l
You'll laugh hard during "Walk Hard."
In many ways outrageous -- but not outrageous for long enough -- Walk Hard has tremendous appeal and entertainment value.
This biopic rocks - well, the first half does.
Another comedy winner; if you have to ask why, it's because it involves the Knocked Up guy. Hilarious - even the Beatles bit, this looks set to be a hit.
The end of a golden run for Judd Apatow.
Some laughs, but you expect more from Apatow.
A dismal indulgence.
Knocked up hurriedly, you feel, in between Apatow's other projects, Walk Hard is the feted writer-producer's first fumble. As Spinal Tap's Nigel Tufnel might have put it, this one only goes to two-and-a-half.
Reilly, one of our best supporting actors graduating to star status, finally bound for glory.
The one area where 'Walk Hard' does manage to hold its own against classics of the genre such as 'This is Spinal Tap' or 'Sweet and Lowdown' is the music, all of which is expertly written and performed.
John C Reilly just about holds together a funny but patchy comedy that puts a ten-megaton bomb under the cliched rock biopic - and never detonates it.
In many ways outrageous %u2013 but not outrageous for long enough %u2013 Walk Hard has tremendous appeal and entertainment value
The musical biopic gets a much-needed smackdown in the fitfully hilarious Walk Hard
The latest from the Apatow comedy factory abandons the relative realism of 'Knocked Up' and 'Superbad' for Mad Magazine-esque, 'Airplane!'-style spoofery...
Goes through the motions of a satire with numerous references to pop music history, but remains flaccid throughout.
For all of the care and creativity put into Walk Hard's original songs, the rest of the film feels less inspired and maybe a little lazy.
...this is the best batch of songs written for a comedy since Paul Williams penned the tunes for "Ishtar."
Walk Hard runs down quickly, and suffers further from having the wide-eyed and weightless Reilly as its star.
There are certainly a lot of laugh-out-loud moments, which is more than can be said about a lot of alleged comedies.
Reilly is recklessly funny.
Cox rocks.
The glory of the movie is Reilly's performance, which is executed with a perfectly straight face and no hint of self-consciousness.
Call me a cynic, call me a curmudgeon, call me perverse -- I loved every moment of Dewey Cox's story.
Raunchy biopic parody isn't for younger teens.
It's afraid to leave its comfort zone, and its primary joke wears thin in a hurry.
Paul Rudd stole this performance in the Beatles sequence and had to be one of his best comical pieces to date. The only reason I could recommend this film is to see this scene.
This one pokes some fun at the conventions of the musical biopic genre instead of just replicating famous scenes from other films, and that's a much more satisfying way to go because it actually has a perspective on the topic.
This is a glorious tribute to the Shape-Shifter, a film that captures all the clichés of the musical biopic, then rises above them.
Walk Hard is the kind of movie that you want to love and not just like, but liking it is good enough.
Is Walk Hard funny? Sure; very much so, in places. At least I think it is. It might just be the Date Movie talking.
[It] restores the good reputation to the genre spoof, which has been so long sullied by juvenile garbage like Scary Movie.
Reilly is fantastic, the music is right on, and the commentary is obnoxiously accurate, so while Walk Hard may not go to 11, it's definitely worth a seven or an eight.
...an off-and-on thing...But it's on more than off...
With a fearless sense of silliness and a savage swipe at the conventions of the genre, it forges a brilliant parody that is relentlessly funny and musically acute
Walk Hard would be funny anyway. It's just even more amazing because it's so right about the musical biopics. If they need a cheesy quote from me, I'll say Walk Hard rocks hard.
Walk Hard: The Dewey Cox Story may have its share of flat spots, but it's also a very canny send-up of the tried-and-true genre of showbiz biopics.
Walk Hard doesn't know when to quit.
Doesn't produce belly laughs so much as steady smiles of recognition over how accurately it's nailing its target.
[Judd] Apatow has always told loose and improvisational stories, but the work he's done here with [director Jake] Kasdan just feels lazy and unfinished.
After 'Superbad' and 'Knocked Up', Judd Apatow has now pulled off the movie equivalent of the Triple Crown.
When they run out of clever ways to be funny, they fall back on their old standbys: crude, rude, nude, and lewd, which just shows that they didn't have enough material.
In a season filled with so many feel-bad movies, don't underestimate the appeal of something as silly as Walk Hard.
There are a few too many lazy jokes played off Dewey's last name, but not nearly enough to wipe that grin off your face.
Writer-producer Judd Apatow, star John C. Reilly and director Jake Kasdan eviscerate the genre gleefully.
Its comic riffs are simple jingles that always seem to outstay their welcome.
The comic brilliance of Walk Hard is so ingrained in its subject matter that it probably won't be appreciated until years after the fact.
Walk Hard limps soft.
Walk Hard is funniest in its first half, when you're not quite sure where it's going, and drags in the second, by which time you realize it's going nowhere.
At least it's not as bad as it could have been.
In a season loaded with serious films about war and loss, there's bound to be an audience out there looking for some undemanding holiday laughs.
This smart new spoof works because its makers...obviously love the genre they have so much fun sending up.
Instead of sending everything over the top at high energy, like Top Secret or Airplane!, they allow Reilly to more or less actually play the character, so that, against all expectations, some scenes actually approach real sentiment.
Jake Kasdan and Judd Apatow lampoon the entire genre of the true-story biographical movies and fall nothing short of brilliant all the while.
Chances are, after seeing Walk Hard, it'll be years before you can sit through a serious musical biopic and maintain a straight face.
It's the Flintstones vitamin of spoofs.
The songs (written by a slew of artists, including Reilly, Apatow, and Kasdan) are genuine, ridiculous, and often very funny.
It's a one-man show telling one-joke, but it's a damn talented man and it's a pretty funny joke.
At this point I'm starting to think co-writer and producer Judd Apatow can do no wrong.
The result is a film that has a few winning and entertaining moments, but ultimately feels like a Will Ferrell comedy and/or a 'Saturday Night Live' skit that managed to grow out of control
Tone is crucial here, and Kasdan and Apatow manage a good balance, delivering silly and often crude comedy combined with sincere performances and a sense of smart craft.
If only for the music numbers, this movie deserves a standing ovation. Much of the credit goes to John C. Reilly, an actor with a rubbery face and the voice of an angel.
It's not pee in your pants funny, but it does have it's moments and for the most part it works.
Very funny when focused on being a parody, but goes for the cheap laughs and shock jokes too often
It may be utter nonsense from start to finish but at a time when your moviegoing choices are limited to deeply serious Oscar bait and silly family froth, its appearance comes as a raunchy relief.
This gleeful skewering of American popular music works because of the talents of director Jake Kasdan and a cast led by John C. Reilly.
At very best, someone will recognize the good work here by the star of the show, John C. Reilly... What's taking so long? Give the man an award already!
So is it a satire or a spoof?
A sharp parody worthy of MAD Magazine. [It] runs through every tired showbiz biopic plot point with a shiny new skewer.
A filthy little pic that seeks to shock and offend it's audience throughout.
I'm glad the artform that Zucker-Abahams-Zucker brought us in the 1980's survives. It's gotten raunchier, meaner, maybe rougher, but it lives on.
...almost entirely devoid of elements designed to hold the viewer's interest.
Merrily deconstructs the conventions of the genre with subtlety and (where required) blatant outright mockery.
One of the awards season's silliest -- and most satisfying -- surprises.
Good ensemble acting, a sometimes laugh out loud screenplay...great music and staging and a solid performance by John C. Reilly are all good reasons to see Walk Hard.
Kudos to the hilarious dance moves of John C. Reilly and Paul Rudd's fabulously goofy take on John Lennon.
Walk Hard offers a quantity of laughs that few comedies could match.
Walk Hard: The Dewey Cox Story has a good beat and you can dance to it, though mostly you'll probably just tap your foot.
Nothing can prepare the senses for Walk Hard, a parody feature that stumbles around like a maniac, ruthlessly ripping apart the conventions of the musical bio-pic but leaving plenty of breathing room to enjoy a little insanity of its own design.
Reilly is likably goofy, which goes a long way to redeeming the film.
"Walk Hard" is a spoof with wit as well as heft.
A movie you can simply walk out of, say 'That was really funny,' and go back to your day.
While "Walk Hard" makes for a fine soundtrack, it's less entertaining as a movie.
A bawdy, rib-tickling, anything-goes spoof of such recent music biopics as Ray and Walk the Line, and here's the kicker--it's actually a better movie than both of those.
Walk Hard looks and sounds so much like a real musical biopic that you could make a good drinking game out of naming all the movies that get spoofed.
Apatow and director Jake Kasdan deliver a fair number of laughs, though nearly every good idea is pressed into service as a running gag. The biggest disappointment is their survey of rock history, which has all the depth of a Time-Life book.
[An] erratic, but enjoyable goof from the Judd Apatow hit-making machine.
An SNL sketch may have been a better vehicle for such a spoof. On the big screen, it ends up having a film life of its own becoming a music bio pic in order to sustain.
John C. Reilly is not anyone's idea of a leading man (which is part of the spoof, people).
Walk Hard is 100 minutes of fun, and for pure, uncomplicated enjoyment, it's the movie to see right now.
Walk Hard is one of those fish-in-a-barrel comedies that mine a rich comedic vein but manage to come up with few genuine gems.
Reilly, imitating early Beatles, Johnny Cash, Bob Dylan and Brian Wilson, shows more range than ever in the role that should catapult him into the A-list.
There's a laziness to the entire affair, as if the writers never went further than a first draft and never found anything unfunny enough to trim or remove.
For half an hour or so, Walk Hard: The Dewey Cox Story is hilarious. Problem is, the movie lasts an hour and a half.
Judd Apatow can do no wrong, apparently.
Milks the pat formulations of its brethren, such as Walk the Line, for all the laughs they're worth. And then some.
It's the role of a lifetime for Reilly, who plays Cox from a teenager to an old man (older actors playing kids are a running joke).
[A] razor-sharp dissection of the new archetype of modern mythology -- the rock star -- and how we interact with him on a societal level...
Offers a few inspired moments in a sea of mediocre gags, fumbled opportunities and that great foul among contemporary comedies--unnecessary grossness.
Never stops sprinting from its snickering start to that big finish.
That the picture walks and sometimes crosses the line into the products it parodies is a measure of its zealous thoroughness and also its central pitfall.
Rolls out a procession of one-liners, toe-tappingly hilarious songs, stunning sight gags and dead-on parodies, all with tear-inducing humor, providing an easy ride to comic bliss.
Reilly has an absolute sincerity - especially in the many musical numbers - that's essential for something this goofy.
That savory mix of satire and sentiment that worked well in Apatow's two summer hits is largely missing here.
Apatow proves he knows how to reach audiences with a truly funny film aimed at adults who love their R-rated comedies to have some real bite.
Walk Hard is Apatow's undistinguished -- in fact, shamelessly derivative -- contribution to the mockumentary genre.
Walk Hard is a disposable film that offers its share of small pleasures and amusements.
The songs are as great as the story is cute and imaginative.
Raunchy, often hysterical parody of overplayed musical biopics ironically sags just when its targets do but hits several right notes thanks to the sturdy presence of John C. Reilly as a none-too-subtle riff on the Man in Black.
A rambunctious and funny musical spoof of musical biopics starring John C. Reilly.
Don't walk hard, run to see this.
This burlesque of biopic cliches flounders from one setup to the next without the engine that drives the genre: a strong central character.
...Not all the bits (among them a "Yellow Submarine"-like acid trip) work equally well. Fortunately, there's a general exuberance and fondness for the musical material that eases the rough spots.
The genius of Jake Kasdan's fourth and best film lies in the fact that it starts out as a very faithful spoof of Walk the Line but then slowly evolves into something much cooler.
A pitch-perfect musical comedy that at long last moves the talented John C. Reilly up the billing ladder from second banana to top banana.
Borat's influence shows. Perfectly mocks the fantasy of Johnny Cash's cinematic life story. The Man in Black's fans will be furious.
The film gets some mileage out of mocking fatuous biopic conventions.
Making parodies can be easy, but Kasdan, Apatow and their wonderful cast take their jobs seriously.
Reilly is well-cast in this hit-and-miss spoof of both rock singers and American social history from 1950 on.
In a spoof that contests all the visual and thematic cliches of Hollywood musical biopics, from Elvis to Buddy Holly to Ray and Walk the Line, Reilly finally gets a lead role, which he plays with gusto.
Cox rocks and Apatow's streak continues in this spot-on biopic parody.
The tricky thing about parody movies is that the jokes get old fast and they're hit-and-miss. Walk Hard is guilty on both counts. How lucky that when the jokes do hit, they kick major ass.
Walk Hard isn't merciless (except for maybe one wicked sequence with the Beatles), and that's because it so loves what it's sending up: the pleasure, ego, and sheer exhaustion of what happens behind the music.
It's kind of nice to see [John C. Reilly] get a showcase role like this.
Hey, bay-buh! There's a whole lot of funny goin' on in Walk Hard. It's got sex and drugs and Elvis and giraffes and Members Only jackets.
The pugnacious John C. is gifted and knows no bounds. Walking hard, for him... effortless.



@highlight

A parody that pokes fun at rock stars and reductive biopics alike, this comedy sings in large part because of stellar performances and clever original music.