We care about these people, even though they be of rather ostentatious privilege, and are fully involved in their struggle to improve.
There's much to ponder in the premise, but films rise and fall on the rapport we have with either the characters or the performers, and with "Before I Fall," try as I might, I never fell under the sway of Samantha or Deutch.
While it's got a killer cast, and is well-shot, the material is painfully problematic.
Nothing can compensate for the fact that it's a movie about repetition that is, unintentionally, highly repetitive.
The plot locks together perfectly, leaving no loose ends, and teenagers might not be the only ones sobbing by the film's end.
The fact that Russo-Young makes it all watchable is a miracle in itself
This is just a feature-length anti-bullying PSA, and dear lord is it tedious.
To my surprise, there are some good moments that give us an idea of what might have been. Too bad there are no second chances like the protagonist's. [Full review in Spanish]
This is, indeed, green gothic at its best.
The script is plunged into constant bumps and struggles to show in a plausible way the inner struggle of a cold-hearted young woman who learns to be a good person through some kind of karmic penance. [Full review in Spanish]
For young audiences and fans of Netflix series will certainly turn out to be a good movie. The bad thing is that it didn't know how to round out its virtues to access and please all the spectators. [Full review in Spanish]
In this film repetition is punishment not only for its protagonist, but also for the spectator, who is subjected to reliving various situations of amusement and suffering of poor rich children of Northwest United States. [Full review in Spanish]
Before I Fall is a life-affirming and inspirational film.
I can't quite recommend Before I Fall to grownups, but for teenage girls still battling social hierarchies [...] this might be just the ticket.
A little 'Carrie,' a little 'Groundhog Day,' and a little essay about what makes us become cruel, 'Before I Fall' is a thought-provoking movie about friendships, developing a moral compass and growing up.
Is it groundbreaking? No. Is it entertaining? Indeed.
It's only after the movie's setup that Before I Fall really shines -it's not afraid to go dark and end boldly.
...a seriously ill-advised adaptation of an admittedly decent young-adult novel.
Let's just get it out there: Hollywood has milked the stuck-in-a-time-loop premise for all it's worth.
Beneath its stale platitudes about being a nice person and living every day like it's your last, the film doesn't offer much meaningful exploration of its moral complexities.
If nothing else, the movie will be worth it if it finally makes a star of Deutch; she's overdue. J.L.
Before I Fall stands out for its slightly discordant tone, which director Ry Russo-Young conveys not so much in the dialogue as in the performances and the hyper-reality of the backdrop.
Before I Fall is one of the more pleasant surprises of the year.
Though this movie is a clear notch below recent high watermarks of its genre such as Diary of a Teenage Girl and Edge of Seventeen, it does extract some pressing and lasting insights from the experience of a life lived like there is literally no tomorrow.
A story about as wise as a studio that makes a movie set on Valentine's Day weekend that bites from Groundhog Day and then releases it in March.
Awkwardly schmaltzy YA melodrama, delivering a sympathetic 'savor every moment' message about redemption and hope.
Along with its anti-bullying message, Before I Fall may not be unforgettable, but it definitely stands out among its contemporaries.
Director Ry Russo-Young seems genuinely interested in tapping into these characters and reminding us what fresh hell adolescence brings each day, but the material resists her.
However good Before I Fall is at painting its portrait of a teenager in an existential crisis most severe, it is equally bad at giving way to schmaltz.
There's little that the director, Ry Russo-Young, can do with the material's sentimental thinness, but she does something nonetheless ...
...adequate entertainment for the current crop of teens and tweens, but it's not one that their younger siblings will be wanting to see a few years from now.
Being spineless is its own form of evil, yet Russo-Young makes Samantha such a languid, lovely waif that you forgive her as soon as she smiles.
Deutch's naturalistic performance grounds the various layers of the story in a manner that keeps it from becoming either boring or wildly unrealistic.
It's refreshing, at least, to see a YA film that doesn't feel the need to hide behind a postapocalyptic conceit.
It all comes down to the fact that this landscape's too well-tread and the central conceit should have remained retired.
Before I Fall is a melodramatic, "inspirational" bit of teen schlock where everyone in it is a sociopath.
The filmmakers don't stint on the darker layers of the source material.
It takes a mediocre movie like Before I Fall to illustrate how brilliant Harold Ramis' Groundhog Day is.
The real reason the movie ends up being as enjoyable as it is has more to do with Deutch's infectious star-turn more than it does anything else.
aimed at the femme teen audience and, while it misses the target by a mile for me, the aforementioned 65-year old, male film critic, it hits its intended target squarely in the center.
In repeating one fateful day, Sam will learn about the consequences of bullying, what's important in adult relationships, empathy, judgement and the importance of family.
Mix of iffy behavior, strong messages in well-acted YA tale.
Like, OMG, mean girls are sooo mean! What can we do about it?
The stakes involved don't seem terribly urgent, and none of the characters are engaging enough to make Sam's feuds and friendships with them seem interesting.
It hits enough notes just right to come off profound and poignant enough that you don't mind the mash-up and lack of originality. (Full Content Review for Parents - Sexual Content, Profanity, etc. - also Available)
This movie carries unexpected weight, and qualifies as a pleasant surprise.
Anyone who has seen Bill Murray's Groundhog Day will instantly recognize its similarities to Before I Fall. That doesn't have to be a bad thing, but in this case it is.
A deeply dull, deeply confused movie.
As she changes, Deutch lets us see Sam's capacity for self-realization, compassion and common sense. It's all beautifully done with a first-rate musical score.
The basic premise of Before I Fall feels like it was created by a roomful of cynical studio executives trying to create a successful project. The end result, however, while it isn't without issues, also isn't without charm.
Before I Fall would do better to understand its corrupted little angels before it tries to teach them something.
A story aimed primarily at teen and tween girls, one that doesn't pander or preach and avoids over-villainizing its characters, even if a cliché or two sneaks in.
While it's far from subtle getting there, "Before I Fall" sticks its landing in its final moments. And what could have been a forgettable teen drama leaves a lasting impression.
A collision of sci-fi, drama and horror, "Before I Fall" earns points for ambition.
The standards for teens here are so low here that Before I Fall trips on them.
The movie's lessons are basic and belabored, and its presentation of them is only slightly more sophisticated.
I can sum this film up in one sentence: Imagine if a group of people got together and decided to make the worse movie possible based on the premise of the film "Groundhog's Day."
Boasting themes that are both cerebral and philosophical, Before I Fall is a young-adult thriller that goes far beyond the surface level.
Russo-Young embraces girl culture without condescending to it. That's enough to carry you over the sappy hurdles and lift Before I Fall above the YA herd. It's a small comfort, but we'll take it.
A deja vu-driven, surrealistic morality play designed to leave you deep in reflection and weeping as you walk up the aisle.
Deutch ably handles her most challenging role so far, showing us Sam's thoughtfulness, even in her most self-absorbed moments.
Before I Fall makes a simple plot into this convoluted, aggravating mess of emotional turmoil that lacks a shocking amount of direction.
It's a solid performance, better than teen-genre movies like this one usually get, and Deutch makes Before I Fall a watchable drama for teens of any age.
Before I Fall suggests, like a lot of its cinematic cousins, that we treat every day with the same tender touch, as though anything we do might have great consequence. It's probably even right.
The journey is corny and morally obvious, and yet rings true on certain levels thanks to Deutch's interpretation of the role.
To those who, like me, are ever so slightly beyond the young-adult cohort, it may seem silly and derivative but sometimes affecting as well, a high-school pageant version of The Pilgrim's Progress."
Before I Fall is a teen-oriented drama that uses a metaphysical dilemma to tell a surprisingly compassionate and well-performed story.
Director Ry Russo-Young and screenwriter Maria Maggenti (adapting Lauren Oliver's book) find plenty of sincere emotion and stylish suspense amidst the melodrama and expected platitudes.
A teen melodrama that's steeped in clichés but still has an unexpectedly poignant message.
while it's an acceptable way to spend an hour and a half, getting the most out of each day probably wouldn't include watching Before I Fall.
A fine actress, Deutch makes a compelling and empathetic protagonist, even as the story veers closer into the supernatural.
"Before I Fall" isn't stunning, but that it works at all is kind of miraculous, treating its characters with dignity and taking their hidden concerns seriously.
Serviceable teen drama, distinguished by smart direction and an excellent performance by star Zoey Deutch.
It's a movie that should be required viewing for all teenagers struggling with life's inevitable challenges. It probably wouldn't hurt adults to see it either.
As Lindsay, Sage handles the heavy lifting in this cast, giving what could have been a one-dimensional B-queen a vulnerable, frightened interior protected by layers of meanness and antagonism.
The main characters are high school bullies, but director Ry-Russo Young refuses to stereotype them; they can be sweet and endearing one moment, petty and cruel the next, but their motivation is always clear.
The filmmakers have crafted a canny delivery system for their life lessons, by way of a movie that balances escapism, candor and ethics with admirable aplomb.
Before I Fall puts all its excellent elements in service to a story that's well-told and has a valuable lesson.
Takes an unapologetically silly conceit and wrings from it a surprisingly nimble and affecting survey of contemporary teenage attitudes and anxieties.
While Before I Fall might not be for every grown-up - for starters, those put off by the word "bae"- it does work for teens looking for authenticity and a high-concept story that reflects their insular world.
It says something about Deutch's appeal that she does manage to pull the story from the vexing hole it digs itself into.
It's fairly serious stuff, perhaps because the movie was thoughtfully scripted by Maria Maggenti, who wrote one of the best-ever movies about adolescent girls, "The Incredibly True Adventures of Two Girls in Love."
Deutch gives us a character to root for. It's a strong performance in a movie that sneaks up on you, and wins you over.
It's not déjà vu. You have seen this movie before.
"Before I Fall" is tactful rather than maudlin, tasteful rather than lurid, soothing rather than creepy. None of that is good news.
Expropriates Harold Ramis's "Groundhog Day" for the high-school set, featuring good ensemble performances but with the flaw that the principal character is not the one who needs most to change.
Meretricious hooey...that turns the premise of an endlessly-repeating day into an inane, fatally humorless afterschool special.
There is something irresistible about this device, and something about the feedback-loop narrative that is particularly well-suited to movies, with their unique ability to fracture and reset time.
It's a well-meaning film, but you leave wishing for a "Groundhog Day"/"Mean Girls" double feature - and find, very quickly, that you don't remember anything about Sam at all.
There is a clear moral lesson to be learnt here, yet the movie is not at all preachy.
Director Ry Russo-Young and screenwriter Maria Maggenti are far more interested in surface appearances than substance.
Before I Fall ends disappointingly with a moment of sacrifice that feels too heavy handed. Along the way, though, there are plenty of scenes of compellingly lush nature and teenage girlhood.
Deutch's textured performance still sells Sam's emotional arc, and younger moviegoers will find a lot to mull over in the narrative's key questions.
"Before I Fall" has more moods than one, and it never feels like a dirge about young adults who don't realize the world won't end because they're sad.
A mean girl learns to play nice in this slick, soulless riff on Groundhog Day that isn't half as heartfelt as it pretends to be.
Emo Groundhog Day, strictly recommended for the more morose millennial set.
Instead of playing up the wackiness of a repetitive day or dividing up a high school into groups of specimens, Russo-Young and Deutch focus their attention on the fragility and strength of youthful friendships.
Russo-Young gives this teen parable the thriller treatment to ward off any cheese, and watching Deutch learn her lesson with that expressive face of hers is a singular, moving experience.
The film mostly retains its humanity, largely thanks to Deutch's performance and Russo-Young's insistence on keeping her at the forefront of almost every shot.
The movie might be little more than a Groundhog Day remake set in high school, but if you're going to make a ripoff of Groundhog Day, then high school is one hell of a place to set it.
An admirable "teachable moments" "Groundhog Day" knockoff
All the film has to show for its efforts are tired platitudes about the value of altruism and living each day as it if were the last.
It's what would happen if Nicholas Sparks rewrote "Groundhog Day" as a teen-angst melodrama.
It's almost as if this were the result of one of those asinine pitch meetings at the beginning of 'The Player': "Okay, it's 'Groundhog Day' meets 'Mean Girls,' but it's a serious teen drama!"
Former high-schoolers might be a bit bored by the movie's ultimate goal of teaching a lesson, but for the viewers that need this type of story, I can't deny its strong articulation of a worthy message.
The moody, thoughtful young adult adaptation that should catapult its star Zoey Deutch forward in a big way.
Before I Fall reveals itself to be an effective journey, especially for its target audience.
The primary problem with Before I Fall, however, is that these characters are truly reprehensible. Yes, teenagers can be cruel, but these girls are monsters.
Before I Fall doesn't entirely transcend its genre limitations, but the film's clear highlight is relative newcomer Zoey Deutch, who continues to demonstrate what a promising star she could become.
This neatly written Heathers-meets-Groundhog Day high-concept package delivers both technical polish and a toothsome yet likeable cast.
"Will make its core audience of teenage girls melt and is a nice diversion for everyone else."
A serious and sincere teenage fantasy about fate and goodwill, which should satisfy its built-in young audience and others looking for wholesome entertainment with a positive message.
Russo-Young finds ways of making the day in question feel fresh each time Sam lives it, while giving the overall presentation a look, feel, and voice that's distinct from the vast swatch of YA movies.

@highlight

Before I Fall 's familiar ingredients are enlivened by a fresh YA perspective and a strong performance from emerging star Zoey Deutch.