Hathaway creates a tough, angry, complicated woman who deserved better than her lot in life. For starters. she deserved a better movie.
Love and Other Drugs isn't a perfect film, and Zwick has certainly done better, but for what it is, it's mostly watchable and fairly enjoyable.
This movie is far from your standard romantic comedy. It's a deeper film that touches on heavier emotional moments.
Zwick and his writing partners, Marshall Herskovitz and Charles Randolph, overextend their scope by a wide margin.
Lacks a certain something, but not chemistry between Jake and Anne. They set off real sparks.
Charismatic turns from its two stars provide the heartbeat for the movie, which resembles director Edward Zwick's TV show thirtysomething with its insight into male/female intimacy.
There were several potential avenues to develop here, but the film settles for something conventional and sentimental with its love story.
Can he love her when her illness degenerates? Can she let him in even though she's scared? Will he always work for the people who are actually making her life more difficult? You're allowed not to care.
The movie has lots of scenes of the two leads in bed together, but it can't decide whether it's a big issue film, a romantic comedy or a weepy melodrama, so it ends up being none of them successfully.
Strange how for a movie about a Viagra salesman, we don't see the growth of the characters.
"Love & Other Drugs" may have one foot in comedy and the other in the sickness-of-the-week genre, but that's the way life plays out sometimes.
An overstated (dialogue-wise and visually-the movie's mostly close-ups) and underwhelming trip. And for a movie all about dickishness, its actual masking of Gyllenhaal's dick-twice with a cushion, as if out of a bad British sex farce-is limply dishonest.
It isn't bashful at all, incorporating plenty of sex and humour; you'll feel like you're sleeping with them too.
For it's hard work, sadly the film's two heartfelt, emotional scenes are wholly undermined by some awful soundtracking.
I ended up wondering how a screenplay this messy had ever gone into production, let alone attracted two actors of this quality.
A mess, but one of those messes where it's at least fun to debate the different ways in which it got it so wrong and could have been great.
Interesting ideas lurk, tantalisingly, underneath the romcom formula and yet every brave move Zwick and his co-writers make is countered by something weak and formulaic, as if in apology.
Eight months after health-care reform was signed into law, Universal Pictures courageously weighs in with a watered-down satire of the pharmaceutical industry.
At least we now know why Anne Hathaway's co-presenting this year's Oscars. She's not gonna make it to that stage any other way.
A redeemed-lout-and-sacrificial-lamb weepie, complete with a shameless revival of the dreaded Ali MacGraw Disease
The two narrative strands don't quite mesh, and the movie stumbles badly when trying to effect the redemption of Randall through love.
It's as if veteran director Edward Zwick signed on to tell one story and got railroaded into telling four different ones instead. The resulting film is a saccharine-fuelled, cliché-ridden mess.
[Its] restlessness and lack of conviction make it both fascinating and frustrating.
Beneath the gloss is the deeply unsatisfying feeling that Zwick isn't telling us enough about Parkinson's.
It's certainly its own brand of cinematic viagra - guaranteed to arouse and, in the short run at least, perk up tired romcom audiences.
Well above the standards of your average romantic comedy, it's funny, sexy and smart. It's just not smart enough to stick to its guns to the end.
Ultimately, the unsettled tone undermines the romantic conclusion. Still, you've got to admire the ambition it shares with its cocky hero.
By no means perfect, but Gyllenhaal and Hathaway are a match made in heaven.
They gaze intently at each other a lot. Is that all it takes? Maybe. A useful date movie, then.
Avoid this sickly-sweet, dishonest nonsense.
It isn't quite Love Story, but comes close.
This engaging film blends a true story with fiction, morphing from a rom-com into a moving drama as it goes along. In addition, it's a sharply well-aimed jab at the pharmaceutical world.
Jake Gyllenhaal has all the sex appeal needed to pull of a romantic drama, but for some reason "Love & Other Drugs" was not the right script for me.
A pleasant surprise.
An enjoyable and ultimately moving drama that transcends its potentially mawkish subject matter thanks to a strong script and terrific performances from its two frequently naked leads.
Sharp, softcore smutty, sweet and silly, Love & Other Drugs, like Viagra, provides an easy 'up' on a slow weekend.
Edward Zwick tries to become Cameron Crowe and delivers a dud of a rom-com with Love and Other Drugs.
Romantic dramedy uneasily mixes Viagra and Parkinson's
But in Love & Other Drugs, [Zwick] and Herskovitz find a groove that delivers wry writing and smart cultural observation.
Love and Other Drugs is one of the better rom-coms to come along in 2010.
The romance works, and the film's multifaceted, sprawling story produces dissonances which are often fascinating.
In his first decent stab at comedy, Gyllenhaal's considerable brio helps sell the film, though Zwick's erratic direction make for an awkward, emotionally jumbled ride.
I wouldn't be surprised if Gyllenhaal and Hathaway are nominated for Academy Awards for their performances in this film.
At last, here's a smart, grown-up romance that shows love just as raw and problematic as it can be in real life.
Avoid at all costs.
If this film was a drug, you might ask for your money back, but you could just as easily find yourself riding high on the placebo effect.
a big, sloppy movie that seems to be going in ten different directions by the time it is over. If we don't know how to respond, it is because the filmmakers never decided exactly what kind of film to make.
It's also a lot more intimate and a lot more frank and a lot more grown up than most Hollywood studio pictures are these days.
And this was directed by Edward Zwick, who I always feel is a bit soft -- but I think this is actually quite a robust effort from him.
Even if the film manages nothing more than a glancing blow at the pharmaceutical debate, it's good to see it being aired in a mainstream romantic comedy -- especially when it's as much fun as this one.
Love & Other Drugs may well be a bodacious bonkfest, but you will likely find yourself looking elsewhere for any sense of post-coital engagement.
While the two leads have terrific chemistry; this is largely a predictable love story which skims over the more hard-hitting aspects.
The likeable, charismatic leads give their best, even willing to flaunt their bits and pieces in an effort to provide the film a much needed edge.
There's laughter and fun here, but also a melancholy note that extends throughout the film, which is what grounds it so firmly in a recognisable reality; and makes the film satisfying
Relationships, sex and vulnerability are the themes of this romantic drama that offers a compelling prescription for a complex journey, complete with side effects
I was with her from the first moment she came upon the screen and without a doubt Hathaway proves she is one of the most gifted and talented actresses of her generation.
Love and Other Drugs transforms the recognizable, mostly through its deeply written and beautifully acted principal characters.
It's half eager romantic comedy, half earnest drama. And neither of them quite work.
A slick weepie made by smart guys who want you to know they're better than the schlockmeisters.
A relationship drama that doesn't cut corners. It brings the pain, which makes the moments of triumph that much sweeter.
Mostly it's a Lifetime Disease of the Week movie with nudity.
Edward Zwick successfully cloaks his critique of Big Pharma in the guise of a funny, sexy romantic comedy...until the third-act doldrums set in, that is.
What a spectacularly maudlin and repellent piece of work Love and Other Drugs is.
Once you have seen Gyllenhaal's butt and Hathaway's breasts you have basically seen all the movie has to offer.
Takes advantage of likable leads with excellent chemistry, as well as an original and fascinating angle. It's one of the year's most satisfying movies.
as many weak spots, but what it delivers at its core is as indelible as (and a lot more explicit than) the work of such legendary teams as Clark Gable and Joan Crawford, Spencer Tracy and Katharine Hepburn.
Hollywood has repeated Drugs plot many, many, many, many times, this time around with a degenerative neurological disease duct taped to it for easy tragedy
Having worked as a Pfizer rep for the exact same period that our hero did, I can tell you that they got almost everything wrong.
If distilled, there are enough stories here to make for at least one interesting movie. "Love & Other Drugs" just needs a dose of Ritalin to figure out what that movie is.
There's the attempt with some R-rated wacky comedy and also tear inducing sadness. The film doesn't earn either, but the two leads and their lack of clothing make this a passable romantic comedy.
The mental and emotional stimulation caused by the majority of the picture is strong enough to recommend it, but had Zwick trimmed the flaccid passages, he could have had an awards contender on his hands.
Smart, sexy and funny, Gyllenhaal and Hathaway help make this the rare, entertaining love story.
How many ways has Fox tried to sell "Love and Other Drugs"? The first trailer I saw presented it as a "Viagra comedy" and didn't mention its heroine has Parkinson's.
"Love and Other Drugs" is a flawed movie. The script needed another pass to add more focus and perhaps zero in more on the challenges facing Jamie and Maggie.
Up in the Air. That's what Love and Other Drugs should be and isn't.
Anne Hathaway and Jake Gyllenhaal spend an inordinate amount of time rolling around in the buff, when not flirting, fighting or racing through overwritten dialogue intended to be ironic and cutting, but really about as sharp as a Q-Tip.
Life is frustrating, exhilarating, confusing, astounding and unpredictable. So is Love and Other Drugs, a film with high aspirations and a slightly muddled follow-through
An above average romantic comedy...
Edward Zwick has rarely found a message-based project he can't muddy with weepy melodrama, and this is no exception.
Hathaway goes all the way. She gives a marvelously instinctive performance that brings Maggie to life, even when the movie doesn't.
This movie is best treated like dim sum. Wait out the bad portions until a tastier dish is served. Let Hathaway be your guide.
It can't make up its mind if it wants to be a romantic comedy, a satire about modern medicine and pharmaceuticals, or a melodrama about whether love will triumph over illness.
"Love & Other Drugs" is an interesting look at love in the nineties. And the added dimension of Parkinson's makes this a poignant study of the reality of relationships.
Anne Hathaway is likely on the way to her second Oscar nomination --- Her co-star, Jake Gyllenhaal, is equally good.
While the film zips along at a smart pace, balancing between humor and heart, it's the stunning work from the actors that turns what could have been a slightly-maudlin exercise into an arresting piece of work.
In the second act, these lovers get scared of harsh reality and back off from one another. By the third, these filmmakers get scared of emotional honesty and retreat into rom-com routine.
Touches on the dubious one-drug-fits-all notion of a chemical quick fix for emotional turmoil. But how richer this lovebird tale might have been, had it explored the clash of her economic struggle for life-sustaining meds, with his profiting from it.
The performances are good but not outstanding, which also holds true for the flick. (Parental Review also Available)
It works as far as it goes. It just never dares to go far enough.
Love and Other Drugs is successful in small doses, but the full regimen needed more testing.
The illness-related tragedy eventually tips the movie too far into melodrama, but for a while it's an effective antidote to the bloated seriousness of Zwick's past films.
Contains the most upfront portrayal of sexuality in a Hollywood film in quite some time, and yet it's a complete turn-off.
Love and Other Drugs is a sort-of romantic comedy about erectile-dysfunction drugs and Parkinson's Disease. Because Lord knows you can't make a romantic comedy that's just about erectile dysfunction.
Jake Gyllenhaal and Anne Hathaway put on such a display of star power and acting that they almost make us ignore the film's shortcomings.
Given the pretty nudity and the hearts 'n' flowers finale, this one is strictly for teen fans of the actors to sneak into.
Unfortunately the effects of the movie, therapeutic and intoxicating though they are, wear off before it is over.
Altogether, not a bad trip.
Jake Gyllenhaal is great in Love & Other Drugs. So is Anne Hathaway. Too bad the movie's a mess.
Too often the moral of this story seems to be "Love means never having to say you."
100 minutes of bitterness and raunch followed by a few minutes of honeyed niceness is a formula for self-negation.
One or two provocative bits emerge from the incoherence.
If you want to watch these two struggle through an up-and-down screen relationship, rent Brokeback Mountain.
Love and Other Drugs doesn't quite avoid the pitfalls of its genre, but at least the movie has the decency to make you laugh on its way to a foregone conclusion. Also, did I mention the sex?
Love becomes, for two people, the great challenge and the great educator, and at every step of this beautiful film, we believe it.
While Hathaway and Gyllenhaal have good chemistry, and director Edward Zwick moves the narrative along nicely, the film is too self-satisfied to be genuinely touching.
A polished romantic dramedy that won't change your life but might make you a little happier for a couple of hours.
That Cradle Robbing Pervert Jake Gyllenhaal is naked so often in this movie I felt like I was Taylor Swift.
The pieces of a good movie are in place in "Love and Other Drugs," but they're in the wrong proportions.
A throwback to an old-fashioned type of movie-making in which stars were stars, and it was the job of the director, screenwriter and crew to make them look as good as possible.
You will laugh. You will cry. You will fall in love. Zwick perfectly blended together raunchy humor with a hard-hitting emotional story.
"Love and Other Drugs" is a sprawling, ambitious romantic comedy drama for grown-ups.
Zwick's Once and Again and thirtysomething portrayed emotion more honestly than many TV shows of their time. But in Love and Other Drugs, he unevenly weds the satirical and the sentimental.
What you're chiefly left with at the end -- despite two fine performances -- is a mild case of emotional whiplash no magic pill is going to cure.
The more weight the story of Maggie and Jamie takes on, the more distracting is the screenplay's need to intercut updates on the pharmaceutical wars.
Anne Hathaway is easily this generation's Meryl Streep, effortlessly elevating a movie that falls flat every time it strays from her orbit.
Not quite focused, it's positioned as a raunchy date movie that delivers only a tiny peek into the ethics, excesses, bribery and corruption within the medical establishment.
With Love and Other Drugs, director Edward Zwick has embarked on the biggest about-face of his career and produced a bittersweet, clear-eyed gem about the highs and lows of love.
I would be down for a smart romance set against a backdrop of medical ethics, but that's not what Love and Other Drugs is. This movie is trying so hard to be cute and clever it is annoying.
[M]aybe the romantic comedy about a couple of sociopaths is where the Hollywood expression of the genre has been heading all along...
It's a real breath of fresh air and a welcome departure from the silly recycled rom-coms we're subjected to far, far too often.
Remember the game of reading fortune cookie proclamations out loud and ending them with the phrase 'in bed'? That's sort of how I feel Love and Other Drugs ended many scenes--in bed.
Potent when it parodies Big Pharma, detumescent when it turns to romance.
Anne Hathaway is so great you almost feel badly having to criticize what surrounds her.
The most egregious four-quadrant pander-party of the year, Ed Zwick's latest middlebrow atrocity has been so carefully market-tested that it needn't even be seen, just administered directly into the bloody mainstream.
They could have made a harder-hitting, more realistic film, but then no one would have gone to see it.
[Zwick] doesn't direct many rom-coms, and with Love & Other Drugs, you can see why.
A pretty vivacious little dose of pleasing pop cinema with a pulse that should engage the heart and stimulate the brain.
Finally, after years of suffering through Hollywood's predictable pap, sentimental mush, boring bromances and mean girl clichés, comes a love story that is actually worth falling for...
"Love and Other Drugs" fits no convenient category, which I guess is a plus, but it leaves you not knowing what to think, so muddled is its mood.
Mixes smarm and sentimentality.
"Love and Other Drugs" is the cure for the common movie, a smart, sexy, touching romance and a thoughtful exploration of a remarkable time that illuminates some of our most vital contemporary concerns.
No genuine ideas were wasted in its making.
The only thing to dislike about 'Love and Other Drugs' is how clearly, and desperately, it wants to be liked.
Zwick's bizarre concoction fakes insight about sex, biology and social criticism about medicine and business, yet it's really aggressively sentimental on every level.
Love And Other Drugs gets wound up in a fascinating tangle of ill-advised romance and even more ill-advised pill-pushing gamesmanship. It's the untangling that's the problem.
It's a shame that Zwick and Herskovitz make use of the romantic-comedy junkyard
Come to "Love and Other Drugs" for a well-acted romance and you're in luck - come to be outraged at pharmaceutical business practices and you'll be at the wrong film.
Love and Other Drugs may be the most honest romance to grace the screens during all of 2010.
"Love and Other Drugs" is quite a mishmash of competing flavors. I mean that almost entirely in a good way.
Zwick and his cowriters (Marshall Herskovitz and Charles Randolph) are constantly letting Gyllenhaal and Hathaway down.
It's not "Last Tango in Paris," but it's fairly eye-opening by the squeamish standards of latter-day Hollywood.
Lost in the script's devotion to the romantic comedy conventions is the opportunity to say something pointed about Big Pharma.
At just about the time Hathaway drops her garments, the movie begins to lose focus, unsure of what really matters to the filmmakers.
I wish director and co-writer Edward Zwick's film had the guts to treat Love & Other Drugs like a grown-up relationship story, rather than a relationship story periodically shoved aside by a lame and lamely raunchy romantic comedy for dummies.
Careening from bathos to bromance to naked sexytime, the movie is like a mashup of three or four different movies, at least two of them fairly unpleasant.
Ultimately it's the chemistry -- that old-fashioned key ingredient in any successful love story -- that fires up Love & Other Drugs and reduces minor quibbles to ash.
There's no drug strong enough to get me through another movie like Love and Other Drugs.
If there's one thing the world doesn't need, it's more Viagra jokes. Or sexist depictions of professional women throwing away ethics in hopes of landing a man.
The movie hopes to be sweet and gentle, but it also wants to stick fingers into body cavities and go all Zalman King on the audience, confusing the benevolence of the love story.
Sexy and appealing, Hathaway and Gyllenhaal generate erotic heat, but the movie is too diffuse, unable to decide whether it's a romantic date film, serio comedy, critique of the corporate world, satire of the medical establishment
An unfunny sex farce and a relationship study without a shred of genuine human behavior.
Despite its dramatic pretenses and far racier sex scenes than the typical studio romance, the movie is as predictable and ultimately as sappy as any other run-of-the-mill Hollywood love story.
Gyllenhaal and Hathaway, who played a couple in "Brokeback Mountain," have a natural, likable chemistry. At least when it's allowed to shine.
This confounding potpourri of satire, sex comedy, and medical soaper smothers some good intentions and its robust stars in a genre-identity crisis.
It's the sort of movie in which half the audience will be drying their eyes and the other half rolling them.
"Love & Other Drugs" wants to lampoon a corporate milieu of medical industry corruption that promotes and sustains America's ongoing health care crisis. But it does it all wrong.
In the end, this is a smart movie that could have been smarter. The script feels like it was a draft or so away from total clarity and focus. But the energy of the cast and a dive into an unfamiliar world make the movie rather addictive.
I'm not saying this is a perfect film. It's not. But it is a daring, challenging piece, and deserves to be seriously considered for all of its strengths, as well as the weaknesses.
It's a brutal movie, but punctuated with moments of almost unbearable beauty, and that contrast sums up just how transitive love can be.
Blends exuberant comedy with soppy romance that eventually sinks it.
The political backdrop and her character's physical condition, however sensitively portrayed, are poor attempts at lending gravity to what is an undistinguished date movie.
Snappy, saucy and, like any overzealous product-pusher, rather too eager to please.

@highlight

It's a pleasure to see Hollywood produce a romance this refreshingly adult, but Love and Other Drugs struggles to find a balance between its disparate plot elements.