This solid thriller engages with the region's conflict as it paints a picture of disillusionment, double-dealing, and the dirty deeds committed and facilitated on all sides.
Beirut [is] a highly efficient thriller.
Anderson and Gilroy don't make Mason's political awakening moving or even poetic. It's something uglier, louder and scarier...and Hamm is just about up to the task of making it real and adding a little heart.
Beirut is a fairly standard thriller but it's tightly plotted, well-composed and there's at least one twist you genuinely don't see coming.
As a personal statement it may belong more to its screenwriter and producer, Tony Gilroy...More shrewdly realistic than the average Hollywood political thriller, Beirut remains open to accusations of self-involvement.
Beirut is a rock-solid work of programmer craftsmanship and should be applauded as such.
The film embraces a cold war spy thriller vibe, creating a vibrant and authentic sense of place, and populating it with engaging characters and an exciting, high-stakes plot.
Responsible for penning the likes of Michael Clayton and the Matt Damon Bourne series, writer Tony Gilroy adds more intrigue to his resume with this tense drama.
Beirut debuted well at the 2018 Sundance Film Festival. will tell, but this one holds up well.
A progressively ineffective thriller...
Beirut is crisp and well acted, but an uneven foray into a city embroiled with sectarian conflict.
Gilroy paints a nuanced picture of the civil conflict in Lebanon, noting the U.S. and Israeli agendas at work and the inner tensions of the PLO, yet this information serves to clarify and accelerate the action.
If you're just looking at it as a star vehicle for Jon Hamm, Beirut more than satisfies.
Although it provides modest insight, this muddled and formulaic thriller tends to oversimplify the sociopolitical conflicts in its titular setting.
The plotting, though not without cliche, retains a satisfying robust quality - dense enough to keep you intrigued without becoming overwrought.
Unlike last month's fact-based 7 Days in Entebbe, Brad Anderson's Beirut offers a more Bourne-esque take on Bourne-esque themes from a script by Bourne franchise screenwriter Tony Gilroy.
Sturdy, grown-up entertainment that delivers its meat-and-potatoes story without pretense.
A same-old story of a white man's angst, set against the 'exotic' backdrop of 1980s war-torn Beirut. This brand of Hollywood myopia is tired, uninteresting, and no longer acceptable.
In chipping the rust off a 27-year-old script and applying a fresh coat of 21st-century technology, director Brad Anderson unveils a twisty-turner with all the irresistible trappings of a Reagan-era John le Carre novel.
...in this morass of perverted faith and twisted sermonizing, there's no real salvation. There is only survival, and that's why this movie is doomed on a pure emotional level. It can never deliver catharsis...only a vast palette of moral blur...
Jon Hamm is well cast as a hostage negotiator in Lebanon but the film's maze of plots is confusing, thereby lacking real tension.
Tony Gilroy's script is a literate excursion into chaos.
Gilroy and Anderson have managed to wring captivating mystery, adventure, and danger from a genre in bad need of resuscitation
With direction by pro genre filmmaker Brad Anderson and a smart, dense screenplay by Tony Gilroy, this political thriller is a satisfying combination of snaky, heady talk and fun popcorn thrills.
Beirut a handsomely mounted Middle Eastern Bridge of Spies I almost couldn't help but enjoy.
With four Bourne thrillers to his credit, it's safe to assume that screenwriter Tony Gilroy could have penned this in his sleep. He didn't.
Much of what makes Brad Anderson's Beirut so refreshing is that it acknowledges that people who live in the title city have exceeded their quota of misery...it includes just enough emotional and mental nutrition to make the thrills lasting.
Jon Hamm adds movie-star class and a world-weary Don Draper touch to this mediocre spy thriller containing plot twists you may think are reductive of the Muslim world. You're not wrong.
This is a smart and substantive film, well worth the attention of fans of John le Carre and Graham Greene.
Beirut is as solid a film as Hamm is a performer.
There are no extraneous pieces, everything fits together like a puzzle. And Hamm is that puzzle's key piece.
Jon Hamm delivers his best big screen performance yet in a good old fashioned political thriller with a great Tony Gilroy script.
If a film is set in another country, it should feature people from that particular country as more than just bad guys or extras milling around in the background.
At just about two hours, Beirut is as much of a sprawling ruin as it believes the city once was or is.
Taken as a suspenseful thriller, Beirut is a tense and engaging film, with just enough action to get the job done.
Beirut is never anything less than watchable, even if it's ultimately short on thematic clout.
Jon Hamm scores his best post-Mad Men role yet.
This is an old-fashioned spy thriller, and as such it succeeds.
No, this isn't a documentary, but it would benefit from delving deeper into issues.
It's hardly a stretch for Hamm to play a man who's clever, disenchanted, and charismatically dissolute. But he does it as surely as he ever has, and Pike is more convincing as a Yank than she was a German in 7 Days in Entebbe.
Somewhat stiff but still engaging spy thriller.
The film's biggest asset is the powerful performance by Jon Hamm as Skiles, a tortured man who struggles to find his way through a labyrinth of violence and betrayal.
Hamm makes for a compelling guide, Bogart-weary and mind racing, assessing each situation with a readable face for the camera. Beirut won't make him a bigger movie star, but more interesting actors are tough to find.
Charismatic Jon Hamm is such a good actor that it's a shame his considerable talents are wasted on this frustrating, murky, disjointed political thriller that looks as if it was filmed in a bunker.
Jon Hamm demonstrates why he's one of the most purely watchable film actors working today...a very pleasant surprise.
The plot takes so many twists and is so complicated by labyrinthine international affairs of state that it's easy for the viewer to get lost. You also get the feeling that certain sociopolitical complexities have been ignored or elided.
A perfectly serviceable airport novel of a movie, Beirut has enough espionage-like twists to keep you occupied for 109 minutes and mostly distracted from the fact its best parts never fully develop.
Hamm's terrific in this thoroughly entertaining spy thriller. Pity Bleecker Street has it. That means nobody will see it.
While the larger issues underlying Lebanon's endless 20-sided tug of war are as hopeless and half-intelligible after the film as before, the human issues of its core story move along crisply.
Hamm brings a poignant world-weariness to Skiles, and Pike brings to her role a persuasive grittiness.
While it doesn't rise completely to Argo's level, it possesses some of the dramatic chops and thrills to match.
Beirut is essentially a war movie trying to re-create a 1980s frame of mind, James Bond-ian spies and all.
In the hands of director Brad Anderson, whose own recent successes have been on the small screen after helming "The Machinist" almost 15 years ago, "Beirut" really does unravel like a well-made TV movie.
While the actors give depth and believability to their characters, it is the well-written and intellectually challenging story by Tony Gilroy that is the glue that brings the film together.
"Beirut" is both an entertaining ride for grown-ups and a sobering history lesson.
Damn, is it good to watch a movie that expects the audience to pay attention and that doesn't pander to the least common denominator.
'Beirut' should have the grace to tell a story at least as good as the native one it eschewed, but instead we're plunged into a murky geopolitical morass peopled with paper-thin characters with little emotional resonance.
This is Hamm's best leading role to date, a reminder of how good he can be when he's given the right material.
It may be a mostly pessimistic portrait of its time and place, but it offers hope, if only that movies of its style, scope and smarts can still get made.
Screenwriter Tony Gilroy ("Michael Clayton") delves into the complexities of Middle Eastern conflicts with the panache of a John Le Carré novel in this fast-moving political thriller.
There's little in Beirut to appease critics of the film's authenticity.
Although the action remains restrained, Anderson can still generate suspense with a ticking clock or a flurry of gunfire.
Beirut takes us behind the scenes of a complex situation...
Satisfyingly taut in the old-fashioned, almost genteel way typical of spy movies from decades past.
Gilroy is a master at laying out a twisty plot, and Anderson directs with the kind of verve that enables almost all the twists to hit us with the force of surprise.
Contains all the elements of a fun, snappy, pre-summer jaunt, and yet the film is actively in competition with itself. The tone is grim and honest when it wants to be, but not necessarily when it needs to be.
Set in war-torn Lebanon, the hostage thriller Beirut is frustratingly murky both in its message and its mise en scène.
What's missing is a genuine sense of history -- of actually helping us to understand the conflict in the background...
Beirut is not a deft character study. It's not a heart-pumping, thrill-a-second action flick either. It languishes somewhere in the middle, making it a mildly frustrating viewing experience.
This is a good movie for Hamm, and also for Pike who, in her recent films, has too often been either a madwoman or a victim of circumstance (and sometimes both).
The pleasure...of Beirut is watching Hamm and his associates encounter the conflicting factions at play, work out what's actually going on, and then find a way to defuse the situation, most likely by getting each involved party what it wants.
A captivating thriller filled with complex, flawed, and relatable characters.
The absence of Arab voices beyond those of the terrorists further flattens a movie that never fully takes satisfying shape.
None of these Western characters is very admirable by design, and the movie warns against intelligence-community overconfidence and the meddling that arises from it.
A solid addition to the espionage genre. [Full Review in Spanish]
In the tightly plotted espionage thriller Beirut, Jon Hamm has finally gotten a movie script that lets him strut his stuff.
The screenwriterly ironies and jaundiced attitude toward international politics at least keep moving-enough to make this efficient, quality hackwork seem like a throwback to an earlier generation of Hollywood thrillers.
Beirut has a unique approach going for it but squanders it in exchange for monotonous scenes of expository dialogue and all factions scheming against one another
Pike is terrific, and Hamm has a credibly bleary, weary look.
A raw, super-realistic tale of revenge, set in a godforsaken kill zone not on this critic's bucket list.
The performances are strong and the story is absorbing; a smart diversion for adult attention spans.
[Jon Hamm's] raw charisma, and near-peerless ability to sweat martinis through a disheveled linen suit and still look stylish, sends the film's moral compass spinning - exactly as it should.
Brad Anderson's Beirut doesn't quite make foreign espionage look fun, but it shows how it might appeal to the sort of masochist who's also an adrenaline addict.
If ever you needed a reminder as to how much Hollywood still really, really hates Muslims, look no further than the opening of Beirut.
A smart, entertaining adult thriller - a throwback to a pre-superhero era in blockbuster filmmaking.
Mostly the film trades in an agreeably old-school form of cinematic espionage intrigue.
Beirut proves surprisingly sensitive in its handling of the Middle East, mapping out an area of nuanced power struggle rather than a cartoon Casablanca-style warzone.
Beirut could be the start of a comeback for this old school genre, one that Gilroy himself helped usher into oblivion with his Jason Bourne screenplays
The stakes in "Beirut" are high (a high-ranking official has been kidnapped, and everyone seems convinced that he's going to spill all kinds of secrets), but [Jon] Hamm lopes through the process without much conviction.
Like any good spy tale, there's the wounded man in the center, and [Jon] Hamm (mostly bouncing off his CIA handler Rosamund Pike) has got the hollow hero thing down after seven seasons of Mad Men.
A period political thriller whose motivations remain timely.

@highlight

Beirut tells a complex, tightly plotted tale of international intrigue, further elevated by strong central performances from Jon Hamm and Rosamund Pike.