I loved The Brothers Bloom from the moment it started, when we are introduced to two orphaned boys in dark brimmed hats who are con merchants in the making.
A quirky film that never quite fully satisfied me.
It pulls the perfect con, which Ruffalo's character defines as a con where everyone gets what they want. The audience gets exactly what they want: A wild ride with an ending they won't see coming.
The Brothers Bloom is quirky and clever. Set in the present but with a perfectly judged retro feel, it looks fabulous too. Japanese actress Rinko Kikuchi almost steals the film with her deadpan presence as Bang Bang, the gang's explosives expert.
Brick made for a natural intro to the more complicated, less laboriously arch observations of The Brothers Bloom.
Rian Johnson injects punchy, off-kilter fantastical charm into his playfully globetrotting film. It's like a cuckoo clock - precise, ornate and screwy-looking. But Bloom and Penelope's love - and resultant rifts - comes off as real-world collateral.
Sure, The Brothers Bloom may be the headline act, but it is the sisters eccentric that make the film.
The Brothers Bloom is inventive, but its relentless cleverness limits its emotional pull.
We feel regularly discombobulated on the sea of this movie's ideas - which is a good thing for people feeling marooned by the general stupidity of this summer's film releases.
If Wes Anderson and Terry Gilliam ever had a child, science would be amazed and appalled. But also, it would probably end up making a film like this.
The eccentric humour is an acquired taste and the contrived story overstays its welcome.
Johnson's script and directing style suffocates the duo with too many cookie-cutter indie movie quirks, making it all too easy to spot the joins and lose interest...
It's one of those films whose fun set-up is terrific, only to be offset by the muddled plot. Still, there are some decent laughs amid the mess.
Sharp, funny and stylish, but still, something doesn't quite fit...
The effect is something like Dirty Rotten Scoundrels done by Wes Anderson in a morose mood, much as its creator would presumably resist the latter comparison.
Like his brooding anti-hero, Johnson keeps one step ahead and, at the same time, wears his heart on his sleeve. It's tough not to fall for such charm.
Oh dear.
It lags a touch towards the end and it's ultra quirky, but the artifice doesn't rob the finale of emotion. In fact, it delivers unexpected rewards.
Blooming good fun.
Perhaps you can be too cool for school and too clever for a multiplex, but if you're willing to go along with this, you'll enjoy being fooled so much that you won't mind it's all a trick.
It's a charming fantasy of a con movie that is less interested in the well played con than the colorfully executed idea of a con, among other things.
Now I know what it's like for those buzz killers who complain about Wes Anderson films.
A tale full of heart, heroism and old school fun, that with the addition of just a few witty zingers could have been one of the great films of the year.
It's the kind of wry, picturesque fable that recalls the work of Hal Ashby, with the difference that the late, great master had the red blood of political conviction running through his veins. This is a bloodless corpse by comparison.
This is the kind of "movie movie" that puts everything in quotation marks, letting Johnson indulge his most romantic daydreams.
The film is stuffed with visual gags, only some of which hit the spot. When Weisz is on screen even the more contrived of these seem forgivable.
This is a beautiful film in many ways. It looks great, the performances are just a delight, Rachel Weisz is absolutely bewitching, it's funny and funky, eccentric and romantic.
Full of invigorating twists and turns, filled with a unique style and wit, also, the whole ultimately suffers due to a too-neat conclusion.
This eccentric affair pretty much gets away with everything it tries, save for the occasional muffed joke and sudden mood swing.
If not for Rachel Weisz, the movie would be too literary, too clever, too pleased with itself. Her character makes it emotional, although she's not the main focus.
Johnson's shaggy dog runs here, there, and everywhere, weaving joyous, confusing circles in exotic locations before romping home with an unexpected wallop.
The first hour especially grabs our attention before disintegrating into a swirl of confusion. We expect the lines between reality and fantasy to become blurred, but we do need to have a stake in the characters or at least believe in their reality
Militantly unenchanting
A fine piece of cinematic legerdemain
The film is fun, but the characters are not well developed. The audience has to be onboard not for the characters but for the twisty ride.
Follows an offbeat path to reach that destination, and most will enjoy the journey.
...it will baffle and infuriate some, and enchant and entertain others.
"The Brothers Bloom" operates on a much larger scale, a globe-hopping, visually dazzling caper comedy, but at heart it's just as in love with language and storytelling as "Brick" was.
Unlike the con artists the movie depicts, 'The Brothers Bloom' rewards rather than exploits viewers by defying their expectations.
Fueled by glorious performances all-around, The Brothers Bloom is a film with art-house accents and a strong emotional heart.
One of those movies that I wanted to see again the moment it was over -- and had this been anything other than a press screening where that was not possible, I would have.
This globe-trotting romantic comedy is like going on a scavenger hunt where the fun is in the journey.
It's as much about society's need for a well-told story as it is about an emotional connection between its characters. This sincerity is ultimately what lifts the picture above many of its predecessors.
a confident and even touching bit of genre twisting, with its best moments providing plenty of anticipation for what else Johnson has up his sleeve
It's diverting for an hour or so, but one tires of all this forced playfulness long before the final reveal.
Rarely allowing substance to interfere with style, filmmaker Rian Johnson occasionally amuses but mostly frustrates with his con-job fantasia The Brothers Bloom.
Watching this movie is like being elbowed in the ribs for two consecutive hours.
Parental Content Review
It's a fine movie to like, although nearly impossible to love. And from the man who gave us the immensely lovable Brick, this is a minor disappointment.
The Brothers Bloom is to precocious adventure movies what Crank is to action throwdowns; it finds the genre's limit and doubles it.
Johnson's lube of choice is whimsy, and as the filmmaker pours an endless stream of cutesy behaviors and larger-than-life screenwriting into the stew, Brothers Bloom eventually curdles altogether
It probably takes a particular sensibility to really enjoy and appreciate The Brothers Bloom.
A fun, fast-paced and fashionable caper adventure, and a worthy homage to such classic thievery comedies as Topkapi.
The Brothers Bloom feels different from any crime caper you've ever seen, even though its machinations still revolve around con artists who play tricks on each other -- and the audience.
Many will point to the delirious preciosity of Wes Anderson's work as a reference point. I would suggest that even Anderson's recent work could use an injection of [Rian] Johnson's celluloid rapture.
Although it's got a strong cast and visual panache, Johnson willfully dispenses with the caper complications that might have made it more fun.
The Brothers Bloom jerks us around without end. The cons and twists pile up like debris. If The Brothers Bloom had one more twist I would have screamed.
It's all a con, but thanks to Johnson's way with characters and dialogue, we don't mind the hustle so long as we're rewarded along the way.
Notable mostly for its ultra-cutesy style, which smothers the convoluted tale in visual and verbal affectation so heavy that you almost choke on it.
If Johnson doesn't reinvent the con man wheel, he pulls off a magic act in the romance department, reinvigorating the fiction that first love can be the last/best/only love ever needed.
Even if you don't quite comprehend the ending (there seem to be 12 of them), you'll still feel the wallop of its consequences.
It's not blockbuster material, but this clever picture is a romantic -- and genuinely amusing -- charmer.
What saves the day is Johnson's bold, bananas style, which is equal parts Fellini and Teletubby.
Ruffalo turns in another take on his soulful smart guy; Brody's all loosey-goosey charm (watch how he plays a harmonica, with his eyes lazily sliding over it); Weisz make something poetic from her ditsy yet forthright character.
Johnson doesn't just make it work: His confident direction takes what could have been self-consciously precious and makes it hugely entertaining and a little moving.
The leads have zero comedic skills, but you can tell they're being funny because they all wear sarcastic hats.
The dialogue is quick and funny, and so are the visuals. This is the sort of film in which the landscape is littered with unexpected and unbelievable people and events.
The writer-director builds on his tremendous gift for gab and fondness for intricate narratives.
A screwball comedy for the New Depression, "The Brothers Bloom" makes an abundant number of erudite references that mean almost nothing, and, like most con-man movies, it can't be trusted.
Weisz pretty much single-handedly keeps the entire thing afloat with her truly charming and engaging performance.
A gorgeous, elaborate, beautifully-shot, well-acted con movie of the highest order.
Johnson's script virtually floats, the sparkling words bubbling out at us with such frequency that we yearn to put the film on pause -- just to snatch an extra second in order to appreciate it all.
These components add up to precious little in this precious affair too concerned with its look to say much worth listening to.
A globetrotting heist film that starts off terrifically and then progressively deflates.
The tension between the brothers, so often played for teasing laughs, begins to take on the weight of tragedy, and the movie simply can't support it.
A con game about con games, the second film from writer-director Rian Johnson is breezily enjoyable for about 10 minutes, until you realize the entire movie is going to be pitched at the same exuberantly manic pace.
Eat your heart out Wes Anderson. This film proves that Brick was not a fluke. The Brothers Bloom is an absolute joy to watch. Before it's over, your mouth will be sore from smiling.
Rian Johnson's direction is as self-conscious as his script, but, helped by winning performances from Adrien Brody, Mark Ruffalo and Rachel Weisz, it comes off as clever, even if the writing seems strained at times.
That rare and wonderful thing: a movie lover's movie.
This movie is lively at times, it's lovely to look at, and the actors are persuasive in very difficult material. But around and around it goes, and where it stops, nobody by that point much cares.
Overrated as truth may be, in The Brothers Bloom, Penelope (Rachel Weisz) is supposed to signify it.
Johnson's already developing a visual sense with a bigger budget behind him, and his funny, romantic voice comes through in small ways throughout.
This is either going to sound to you like a high old time or a teeth-grinding exercise in forced frivolity, and that might sum up the appropriate range of responses to The Brothers Bloom.
Annoyingly hammy and trite.
Unfortunately, writer-director Rian Johnson is suffering from a fatal case of 'the cutes.'
[A] deliciously clever, convention-busting flick with more soul than you'd expect...
A delightfully nimble little movie, zipping and bobbing and weaving along for 113 deliciously enjoyable minutes and going down with the ease of an ice cream sundae.
I'll take a flawed, yet charming and clever film over a cookie cutter big budget flick almost any day of the week.
Scheduling blunders aside, this is worth seeking out because, despite its low profile, it offers the rarity of "summer fun" without the seemingly obligatory "dumb" appended to that descriptor.
I thought there really wasn't much substance there. It was almost too much style.
Rian Johnson's clever, impressively shot film [features] outstanding work from [its] three leading actors.
an invaluable primer on love, life, and blowing things up
Techs are as expected for a globetrotting adventure yarn. It is too bad that the script was not up to the behind-the-camera work.
Here's the problem: Mark Ruffalo and Adrien Brody are not Paul Newman and Robert Redford. They'd like to be and the plot has undertones of 'The Sting.' But they aren't - and it isn't.
The Brothers Bloom is an intriguingly offbeat yarn that unfortunately unravels towards the end.
One question rings hollowly in the brain for the length this painfully twee romp: What hath Wes Anderson wrought?
A brilliant, refreshingly original comedy that's delightfully zany and inventive.
With The Brothers Bloom, Johnson has unequivocally shown that he has the capacity to transcend the complex moodiness of Brick and deliver a full-blown crowd-pleaser. I can't wait to see what he does next.
Bloom is filled with first-rate scams, refreshing whimsy and incredibly well-layered performances, yet it aims to be something greater than simply another drop in the con-man bucket.
Imagine Dirty Rotten Scoundrels filtered through the increas ingly hermetically sealed sensibility of Wes Anderson, and you've got Rian Johnson's disappointing The Brothers Bloom.
There's a tradition of cons in storytelling, yet not everyone can pull it off.
The unbridled energy and enthusiasm that Johnson and his cast are putting in would be better served by a story less rote, a con plot that at least pretends to be something new.
The "perfect" con job is the premise for this near-perfect con movie with a revelatory performance from Rachel Weisz.
Adventure and romance mix in bold, irreverent dramedy.
The movie is wonderfully weird.
Ruffalo has some of the sharpest lines, and Brody's soulfulness is ideal for the role of a disillusioned introvert. With her enthusiasm, warmth and intelligence, Weisz is an inspired choice to play Penelope.
The irony is that outside of the manufactured oddities, Weisz's performance is the best thing in the movie: an old-school screwball turn of hypercurious pep.
... it's not important, but it's fun ...
Con man movies aren't easy to pull off, and writer/director Rian Johnson's stylish attempt in 'The Brosthers Bloom' doesn't quite cut it.
Beyond that your response to the movie, which takes too conspicuous a delight in its own cleverness, is likely to be a shrug and a "so what?"
It's filled with hilarious, humdinger dialogue, imaginative images (I particularly like the fallen angel) and a pace that somehow embraces both energetic and deadpan.
This labored quirkapalooza about fraternal grifters planning One Last Con, natch, has moments of charm but fails to pull off its narrative sleight of hand.
burns bright with brilliance before sputtering out in the end
Johnson sets viewers up for greatness, but ultimately offers much milder pleasures.
The central characters are not as compelling as they should be, and only Rachel Weisz makes a lasting impact. Despite their best efforts, Ruffalo and Brody are unable to transform their characters into figures worth caring about.
Ruffalo and Brody bring weight and a tinge of melancholy to the otherwise frivolous proceedings, though, by wisely underplaying their roles.
The Brothers Bloom can be diverting but it is also inconsistent. How much you like it depends how much you let the slack moments spoil your enjoyment of the rest of it.
There's a true filmmaking force at work here; open-minded film enthusiasts should appreciate [Johnson's] charming and unique approach to the heist comedy
Witty and wilfully wacky, this offbeat adventure is good fun to watch, even if we can never quite get in sync with its peculiar rhythms.
It often seems precious and overconceived, its accumulating crosses and double-crosses as devoid of consequence as a child's backyard game.
The novelty here, and it's a good one, is that Johnson decorates and deepens the gamesmanship with tender shoots of family feeling.
The Brothers Bloom reveals a limited formal artist who relies on cutesy montages and a Cat Stevens song to glom onto borrowed emotion.
[Director Rian] Johnson presents an intolerably glossy and emotionless exercise in style; he's so in thrall with his skill at blank pastiche that he only half-heartedly tries to make us care about the film's characters.
Johnson has infused The Brothers Bloom with so much heart and beauty that one can and should easily overlook its discomfiting moments.
Even if The Brothers Bloom winds up smothering itself with twee self-awareness, there's a certain jauntiness to the proceedings that keeps it aloft for most of its running time.
Infinitely pleased with its derivative, fanciful writerly convolutions.
Combining the comic caper film with a calculatedly offbeat, Wes Anderson-inflected brand of drollery, the movie gets both modes wrong.
This sibling revelry smackdown sting defeats its own elaborate cinematic narrative scheme, by failing to take itself seriously when ensuing dramatic events scream for it to do so.
Newbie director Rian Johnson ("Brick") fumbles his self-penned sophomore effort with an incongruously toned con story that is a chore to sit through.
It's full of charm, grace, and that irresistible gleam of wacky fun.
Mark Ruffalo's elaborate stings are so beautifully conceived that it is difficult to know where real life ends and make-believe begins.
An awfully good time.
Comes across as its writer-director's attempt to wink at the audience as though to say, "Am I not clever, hip, eccentric, quirky?"
The Brothers Bloom manages to be a crowd-pleaser and a career-definer at the same time, with only what crowd and which career yet to be determined.
The four stars keep it a worthwhile watch.
The Brothers Bloom follows the rules of the con man genre well and for the most part is entertaining despite its random bits of lunacy and incomprehension.
The Brothers Bloom distills elements from films by the Coen brothers and Wes Anderson down into a wholly original, and hilarious, caper.
Hugely enjoyable, superbly written and impressively directed drama with terrific performances and a witty, offbeat script, though the ending is a little disappointing.
A globe-trotting con game adventure that has a degree of charm but also displays the exasperating indulgence of an ambitious auteur project that may have been more fun to film than it is to watch.
The Brothers Bloom may look slight, but as the intricate tricks and twists of it unfold, all of the cunning and cons in it reveal a sincere, beating heart behind the flash and fun.
Trying to put a personal, quirky touch on the classic genre of the comedy-adventure, Johnson's sophomore has some charm, but it exhibits the same eeaknesses as his debut, Brick.
A con-game comedy that fails to life up to its illustrious predecessors.
This is a happy movie, tinged with bits of melancholy, and a joy to watch.
If Rian Johnson took a page from Raymond Chandler for Brick, then it's one of Wes Anderson's eyes he's plucked out for his latest.
As a pair of brothers raised to be topnotch grifters, Adrien Brody and Mark Ruffalo are seldom allowed to play off of each other amid the film's breathless busyness and adoration for eccentricity.
With Brick Rian Johnson got me excited with his storyteller's tools; with The Brothers Bloom he used them to transport me. I loved being the mark in this con.
The Brothers Bloom doesn't live up to Johnson's debut, true, but few films could. This is hardly a sophomore slump. A movie this engaging, this rigorous, this alive is nothing to complain about.







@highlight

Despite strong performances The Brothers Bloom ultimately does not fulfill its lofty ambitions.