Piranha 3DD fails to match the full-blown bloodbath of the first movie, and features too many callbacks to that film to really establish its own identity.
Here is a follow-up that could not be any more clueless if it had been conceived in a void.
This movie looks like it was shot in 1989 and cobbled together randomly.
The picture's biggest sin (or biggest achievement) is the fact that it manages to be stunningly short yet still have several flat, boring stretches.
This brainless and soulless throwback to exploitation cinema occasionally entertains but mostly just makes you root for carnivorous fish to do away with everyone involved.
An absolutely awful sequel that flushes any potential this franchise might have otherwise had.
'Piranha 3DD' will have you wanting to throw in "Jaws" just to wash off its stench and get the last remaining bloodthirsty and carnivorous fish out of your brain.
More fun than Piranha 3D, the original remake (if that's a thing), because it is more ridiculous.
This sequel puts such little effort into the same basic setup that it's barely even a movie.
A carnival hustle that even The Hoff should be ashamed of.
While the previous Piranha movie had just the right blend of silliness, exploitation, and fun, Piranha 3DD seems totally lost. It comes across as forced, ugly, offensive, and lazy.
Blood and guts are splashed around the frame, yet what's missing here is directorial authority, with Gulager a lousy gore zone conductor incapable of building momentum with easy lay-up horror elements.
Witless, technically slipshod, and neither remotely scary nor titillating, it pretty much fails on all levels.
...boasts a roster of hopelessly forgettable central characters and, for the most part, lurches from one poorly-conceived set-piece to the next.
Low-budget, softcore - destined to make a quick detour to DVD so sneaky, testosterone-propelled teens can easily subvert the R-rating.
Piranha 3DD is a shining example of a movie so bad that it's awful.
Tacky and intermittently entertaining is all"Piranha 3DD"sets out to be, and that is all this playfully graphic horror-comedy sequel accomplishes.
Takes the fun out of ravenous piranhas chomping down on naked women...
The first half of the film merely treads water in anticipation for the eventual bloodbath, and once the teeth start gnawing, it's just one laborious machination after another to get to the end of the movie, which stops without much of a resolution.
With most of the running time devoted to setting up and over-explaining the premise, mayhem gets short shrift.
With its too-short runtime, sloppy sense of plotting, and poor CGI, Piranha 3DD feels like a cheap-o, direct-to-DVD sequel that somehow got a more prominent summer release.
Though its title suggests new heights of outlandish comic gore (and bust sizes), Piranha 3DD feels awfully small in comparison with its predecessors.
Gulager ... mostly seems to be trying to see how much he can degrade the old Jaws formula and still have it interpreted as parody rather than apathy.
Piranha 3D was ridiculous, gory and fun, everything Piranha 3DD is not.
The director, John Gulager, has no idea how to mix his ingredients to create a savvy self-parody.
It's not outrageous enough to warrant a you-gotta-see-this-to-believe-it screening, and the gore is nothing that gore fans haven't seen a hundred times before.
The outrageousness feels calculated and even desperate, with a final ten minutes packed with beheadings in the hopes that audiences will forget how lackluster the previous 73 minutes were.
The labored spirit of dirty-old-man humor ... prevails.
A thunderously boring piece of trash that doesn't even live up to the barely-nominal standards that one might realistically invest towards a movie featuring rubber fish.
Not scary, not funny, not clever, "Piranha 3DD" is just a waste of time.
Disappointingly, Piranha 3DD, the inevitable sequel to the remake, has none of Dante's wit, Aja's directorial skills, or Greg Nicotero's grotesqueries.
The oft-offended should consider themselves warned. This one's for "Piranha" fans only, and they know who they are.
Like so much adolescent, made-for-guys comedy-horror, Piranha 3DD is so weirdly uptight about women you figure exhibitors should hand out teen health guides as well as 3-D glasses.
Got to give the Hoff credit. He knows he's the King of Cheese, and embraces it.
Every attempt at horror and suspense is so shockingly inept Piranha 3DD might actually be hilarious if it wasn't so pathetic.
Just remember: it's called Piranha 3DD.
Piranha 3DD stops at mediocre before arriving at gloriously bad.
As one character notes, "there's something in the water" all right, and apparently it's making movies (and audiences) progressively more stupid.
With Director Gulager keeping the overall feel delightfully campy, Piranha 3DD could very well be the most fun genre fans will have at the multiplex this summer.
It delivers just enough to make the hardcore horror hounds happy. It's worth taking a dip in this pool - while there's not much bite, there's still plenty of fun to be had.
John Gulager is neither artist nor genius, bringing only straight-to-video conviction to Piranha 3DD.
The visual effects are poor and the double D of the title? Think of it a as a new exam mark and you'll be guilty of being over-optimistic.
If you've seen the trailer, you've seen all the good bits. Avoid like a piranha-infested swimming pool.
"Welcome to rock bottom" says David Hasselhoff, reduced to badly emulating his role in Baywatch. He never spoke a truer word.
Who'd have thought that a movie entitled Piranha 3DD could be so bereft of titillation?
Even the gore is sporadic, poorly staged and unimaginative: as a result, this is neither fish nor foul.
A virtual object lesson in the law of diminishing returns, director John Gulager displaying little of his predecessor Alexandre Aja's flair for juggling gory mayhem with sophomoric silliness.
Attempts to go for the funny bone rather than trying to frighten - and that's perhaps just as well.
Ups the self-parody so much that it's practically a Wayans Brothers spoof, albeit with fewer jokes.
Oh, I know, we're not supposed to bother the beautiful minds of fanboys by pointing out the misogynist subtexts of their gorefests. It's just a movie, boys will be boys, etc and so on. Well, tough... someone has to tell them.
Not even the Hoff can save this one.
Though not as inventively gory as the previous Piranha, the riotously funny cameos make it worth another go.

@highlight

It strains to up the gore and self-awareness of it predecessor, and -- despite some game celebrity cameos -- the result is a dispiriting echo of 2010's horror-comedy.