Strauss-Kahn was found not guilty and if I were him I would sue.
Queasily compelling.
Welcome to New York is a bold, sometimes absurdly funny, and often-horrifying look into the Dominique Strauss-Kahn affair.
Thankfully, the more interesting drama of the aftermath is intact, including Jacqueline Bisset's performance as Devereaux's wife, Simone, channeling a righteous anger not seen since Beatrice Straight in Network.
Sordid melodrama, recreating a notorious scandal...
Neither shocking nor illuminating, Welcome to New York comes off merely as hero worship of a terrible man who revels in his abuses of power.
... a powerful and unflinching teardown of the criminal justice system amid the influence of wealth and political power.
Few actors in the world are better suited to play a gluttonous pig than Gerard Depardieu, and I mean that in the best possible way one can make such an assertion.
[The] deliberate structure demonstrates Ferrara's artfulness, as does the lush imagery.
The film, a sleek and oddly moving study in the cost of debauchery, has its gleeful excesses.
Ferrara's portrait of debauched capital, especially in the bison-like corpus of Gerard Depardieu on orgiastic display, libidinous, unrestrained, unvanquished, remains a vital fright.
This frank, unruly look at sex, privilege and power unfolds so much like real life that it proves an intriguing and strangely immersive experience.
Who better to play a world-class letch than Depardieu, whose Rabelaisian excesses on and off screen are legendary?
In an Abel Ferrara movie, this sort of damaged, raging, unrepentant bull passes for an antihero.
The movie packs a singular, agonized vision that seems entirely the director's own.
Circles a point about spiritual corruption without ever landing on it.
This is not the kind of material for a stately biopic or a political drama. This is nasty, strange business - perfect for Ferrara, whose work often hovers between art and exploitation, between angst and sleaze.
That bluntness never ceases in Welcome to New York.
Ferrara gives a nice flow to this far-from-nice ordeal.
Grunting and boarlike, Gérard Depardieu supplies a one-note rendition of Dominique Strauss-Kahn in Abel Ferrara's peculiarly unilluminating "Welcome to New York."
What Ferrara, Depardieu, and co-writer Christ Zois have created is a character who can't distinguish between sex and rape-a monster who knows he's a monster, but not why.
Spends too much time bogged down in its more decadent scenes to spark any new insights.
With Depardieu's intensely physical performance at its core, Welcome To New York achieves a level of intimacy that's rare for films about public figures.
It's a rather fascinating bit of artistic self-indulgence that's both made by, and about, self-indulgent men, although one that can certainly grow taxing.
A bluntly powerful provocation that begins as a kind of tabloid melodrama and gradually evolves into a fraught study of addiction, narcissism and the lava flow of capitalist privilege.
The film's peculiarly exhilarating effect can be attributed to a sense of social outrage that's transcended for the sake of metaphoric social clarity.
As Ferrera runs out of reported events to hang his story on, he spirals out of control into a dull and obvious climax.
Frustrante que um cineasta veterano como Ferrara exiba um interesse tão grande pelo sensacionalismo e pela exploração de sua própria fantasia masculina quanto pela importante ideia que busca discutir.
"Welcome To New York" is an unflinching portrait of a monster, a man so coddled by wealth and protected by power that he conducts his life as if consequences are something that other people have to worry about.
If you make it through [the first] half-hour of anonymous sex, you'll stumble into a fairly engrossing drama about a man brought down by his inability to control his urges
Welcome to New York is depraved, confrontational and insidiously intriguing. Gerard Depardieu's electric performance needs to be seen to be believed.
The film largely comes across as a scabrous, semi-improvised cinematic art event, with a brazen streak of tabloid sensationalism.
Never mind the upcoming As Above, So Below or Ouija; this is the horror film of 2014.
Watching Gérard Depardieu's mostly naked performance in Welcome to New York is like being trapped beneath a vast, flabby Lucian Freud painting for two hours.
This may be one of the most repulsive movies I've ever seen. It's also an important movie, laying bare the farce that equality and justice become in the face of power, privilege, and money.
It may be ageing provocateur Abel Ferrara's best film since King Of New York, but the film belongs to Depardieu. Like that painting of Kramer in Seinfeld, he is a loathsome, offensive brute, yet you can't look away.
Depardieu is uncompromising in his depiction of the physically and emotionally naked Devereaux as a loathsome monster governed by his appetites.
Despite an elemental focus, Ferrara has fashioned a casually complex moral tale.
The surface might seem chaotic, but beneath is structural precision. Shot with a maestro's skillset, Welcome to New York is worth it for the light show alone, Manhattan awash in morning gold, infernal red, inky small-hours blue.
This is a brutal, occasionally inelegant film, but it pulls no punches and shines a stark, pitiless light on its subject.
Where are we going with this? There's almost nothing left to learn about Devereaux in the last hour that we haven't in the first.
In this ripped-from-the-headlines drama of crime and non-punishment, Ferrara stares unblinkingly into the moral abyss of a world where money speaks its own privileging language.
It's as if Ferrara's just chucked all the bits in the air and left us to deal with it ourselves - which is a surprisingly effective approach to the sort of material that could easily have made for a superficial and preachy movie.
While the film revels in its naturalistic approach, regrettably the ending does become somewhat tedious, and we lose sight of the realism to some extent.
Welcome To New York will madden many but delight the Big Apple auteur's admirers.
Like Depardieu's let-it-all-hang-out performance, it exposes everything while revealing nothing.
Ferrara's film, compelling in bursts in its first half, proves taxing itself as it lumbers on.
A film which says little of consequence beyond fictionalizing its target; only Bisset's Lady Macbeth-like presence hits an appropriately hysterical note for this tabloid-trashy film which quickly chokes on its pretensions.
Welcome to New York is squalid and joyless fare. Depardieu's performance doesn't achieve tragic grandeur but it is far more complex and moving than seemed remotely possible in the orgy scenes that open the movie.
Ferrara has done more than the feed the curiosity-seekers: he has drawn an incredibly committed performance from Gerard Depardieu as Mr Devereaux, a man ravaged by his own carnal desires.
I watched the whole thing with my jaw on the floor.

@highlight

Led by a fearless performance from Gerard Depardieu, Welcome to New York is director Abel Ferrara at his most repulsive -- and most compulsively watchable.