Movies like this don't need to be smart, they just need to be entertaining, and The Purge: Anarchy is, if nothing else, entertaining.
I'm completely on board with the horror action, but this sequel really points out the glaring thematic flaws.
The questions beneath it linger longer than the slightly greasy joy of watching bad people pay for our collective sins.
Progressive allegory so stupid it comes across as conservative parody.
An ugly, stupid, pointless debacle that doubles down on the disappointment of its predecessor.
A face [is given] to moral questions posed in The Purge by specifically revolving the plot around today's growing wealth disparity as underground leaders rise to fight back.
A vast improvement and a more well-conceived concept this time around, The Purge: Anarchy is a ridiculous amount of fun and Frank Grillo is truly one of the better cinematic anti-heroes we've seen in some time.
Perhaps it's fitting that the word "anarchy" is in the movie's title: it implies all that is necessary in describing such a disorderly narrative.
Expands the "crime is temporarily legal" concept in all sorts of juicy ways.
Overtly political in a way that reminds me of a high-school kid who's just discovered radicalism.
Moderately impressive while never truly incendiary, The Purge: Anarchy isn't a bad film. I just want Paul Verhoven to direct the next one.
The film has lost its soul, its life sapped by the filmmaker's arduous style, and its a great disappointment because there are definitely still legs in the central idea.
In a have, have-not society the script might have had less threat of gore and more depth as a genuine thought-provoking social commentary of our times.
While The Purge: Anarchy has some interesting ideas, like most of its victims, they're poorly executed.
A fascinating concept taken to a logical and engaging new level in this superb sequel.
This violent survival saga wears its angry politics on its bloody sleeve: Government conspiracies, black revolutionaries, 'the redistribution of wealth' and the 'worship' of firearms are among the topics broached (and sometimes bludgeoned).
In its social-warfare parable, The Purge: Anarchy crassly reflects a recognizable 21st-century America--where could-be neighbours would rather be me-first, shooting-sprees are practically sanctioned by the state, and $ often comes before community.
Director James DeMonaco redeems himself with an imperfect but very entertaining and bleak action horror film.
Fun with Cognitive Dissonance: it is possible for a sequel to to be a lot better than its predecessor, and still end up mostly a huge pile of s***.
The Purge: Anarchy is a superior horror sequel that once again shows how the disrespected horror genre can often better confront the issues of the day better than most major studio releases.
The passable, watchable atmosphere persists right up until the purge itself commences...
This sequel is better made, more exciting and considerably more thought-provoking. It's still not all that good, though.
...extremely well made film, a well-paced thriller with surprises popping up throughout, highlighted by top-notch directing by James DeMonaco and tension-enhancing music by Nathan Whitehead.
The result's a more satisfying, if not quite more substantial movie.
A nasty little B-picture, unashamed of its exploitation roots.
Everything you could want from a Purge sequel - absurd, yes, but significantly more ambitious and a lot of fun.
In the best tradition of sequels, writer-director James DeMonaco opts to escalate proceedings rather than repeat them.
The action sequences are well judged throughout. But we never get any closer to understanding which end of the fence the film-makers sit at.
After last year's break-out hit thriller, writer-director James DeMonaco is back with the flip-side of the story, which jettisons the irony and and thematic subtlety in favour of in-your-face brutality.
Writer/director James DeMonaco appears to have developed some delusions of grandeur since the first film hit paydirt.
A considerably less interesting but not altogether worthless exercise in ham-handed social commentary and wanton violence.
The Purge: Anarchy is that rare beast - a sequel infinitely better than its predecessor.
The Purge films are the kind of lean, clever exploitation pics that you could imagine Roger Corman making in an earlier era.
A B-movie bloodbath that is tensely made but pretty vile.
Flickers of dread materialise - care of those one-percenters co-opting the event for entertainment - though again we're mostly in second gear.
This series combines smarts and shocks in a disarming manner. From small beginnings, it could be a lasting franchise - this entry is a satisfying, hardboiled genre picture.
The politics are surprisingly complex, in the way that a jigsaw puzzle missing its biggest pieces is hard to solve.
It's shot with style and verve, all extreme close-ups and moody saturated colours. But the visual prowess fails to mollify a feeling that this is all rather silly.
A kind of al fresco sequel whose implausibilities are no longer confined to one gated home. They take wing and flap all over the place.
...an alarmist, cautionary tale that suggests a division more flagrantly than has yet been heretofore evident in films.
Whoever 'Saw' this franchise coming?
The Purge: Anarchy is a welcome expansion of the first film's concept, and shrewdly fills a void as one of the few adult-orientated action films in the family-friendly summer schedule.
The Purge: Anarchy isn't just the best mainstream film of the summer; it cements the series' status as one of the most timely and unfortunately necessary cultural satires of the past few years.
A pacy, thoughtful, imaginative and hugely entertaining B-movie.
A well-paced action movie with clear stakes, a badass hero and real ideas. THE PURGE: ANARCHY is a fun movie, but it's not a thoughtless one.
Is the film a radical call for a proletarian revolution disguised as pulp, or just a vulgar B-movie appealing to its audience's lowest common denominator?
When audience members cheer for the ferocious killers-on-the-rampage, it really makes you wonder about our cultural values today - and society in general.
Thanks to Brad Ricker and his team, an evocative '70s colour palette and fragments of cartoon brutality do wield a certain grindhouse picture charm.
The proper Purge film that should have been made in the first place.
A perhaps prophetic satire celebrating senseless slaughter as a natural national holiday in such a gun-loving country!
How do you take your dystopian nightmares? Sunny side up or hardboiled? If you're taste runs to the latter, you're a "Purge" person.
The movie brings up some surface platitudes about class inequality, and pays homage to more inventive movies, but nothing ventures very deep.
DeMonaco might think he has his finger on the pulse of America with The Purge, but with characters this threadbare and, at times, quite moronic, he's actually making a strong case for this gruesome futureworld.
Frank Grillo is as remarkable as humanly possible, but The Purge: Anarchy mostly flops thanks to its boring direction and failure to follow through with what the human brain anticipates during one eventful night with no rules.
A step down from the original in terms of narrative but the basic promise of the series - thrills, kills, and mayhem - is still fulfilled in satisfying fashion.
Unless you're the type who thrives on endless images of folks being shot, stabbed, and burned to death, you'll hardly think that the social commentary is worth the numbing ride.
For most of the film, returning writer-director James DeMonaco favors gore and shock inserts of music over the edgy, nasty parody for which the material seems ready made.
A B-movie with A-grade ambitions and ideas way above its station, The Purge series feels like an incredible concept in search of filmmakers with equally high aspirations.
Doubles down on the first film's angry approach to class, inequality, and violence, and once again reflects an image of America that is ugly but only slightly distorted.
Leo is using the Purge to exact revenge on the man who - according to newspaper clippings - either a) killed his son, b) molested his son, or c) introduced his son to Minecraft.
A live-action stealth video game, complete with traps, night-vision and chest-high walls [...] In short: it's pretty cool.
THE PURGE meets THE WALKING DEAD. Release this beast.
The Purge: Anarchy, a brainless followup to last year's The Purge (which was already pretty anarchic), bludgeons whatever goodwill that film might have engendered.
DeMonaco is more interested in scenarios than in stocking them with human beings. Everybody here is a backstory in a T-shirt.
At this point in Purge Mythology, it seems a fairly unwinnable situation for most people who aren't already seasoned law enforcement, hardened criminals or Lena Headey.
The Purge films are resolutely trash, but they can be great trash if you let them, and they really do tug at the fundaments of our psyche.
The action sequences are gritty, the dialogue isn't half bad, and the film's swift pace makes the 104 minutes fairly fly by.
The kind of bad movie that ought to be projected ugly. It is nothing more than exploitative, trashy satire, but it does work and is a more complete film than its predecessor.
A goofy parody of dystopian storytelling.
Better than the original but better is a relative term.
Too often settles for horror cliches rather than focusing in on its thoughtful premise.
...the idea that a half-day of legal savagery would reduce crime or unemployment is ridiculous. But as a license for creating crisply told and politically resonant exploitation filmmaking, it's close to perfect.
Grillo's performance will make you wonder why he didn't start headlining movies like this before turning 50; his is the soft-spoken kind of charisma that helped make half of the Expendables into stars back in the '80s and '90s.
The Purge: Anarchy is basically a slasher movie in which society is the deranged killer. It plays like it's already a grindhouse classic - dark, dirty, and disreputable.
"The Purge: Anarchy" is more in line with what people going to a "Purge" movie would want out of a "Purge" movie.
An equally effective, deliciously disturbing movie.
In "Anarchy," the class issues hinted at in the Serling-esque original are brought to a lurid surface ...
Somehow, the fact that writer/director James DeMonaco is more ambitious with his sequel makes it that much more disappointing.
They say politics is a bloodsport and The Purge: Anarchy takes that idea to a whole new level of extreme.
This one moves most of the action outdoors and -- despite some credibility problems like before -- is just good enough to earn a slight recommendation for those who like these sorts of pics. (Full Content Review for Parents also Available)
A fitting companion piece that doesn't simply repeat the formula of its predecessor. Each are worthy of discussion and debate, both of them socially conscious, politically loaded allegories that just so happen to also pass for genre fare.
Same absurd premise, same insipid dialogue.
It is better than the first film in almost every way but that doesn't mean it's appreciably smarter or has appeal to those who like meat on their action-oriented bones.
This is a movie with plenty of violent action-including a chase through a subway tunnel involving a flame thrower-but that also has a brain in its head.
Government-sanctioned mayhem continues unabated in the follow-up to last year's surprise hit The Purge, but the wickedly satiric sense of humor that made the original worth watching is nowhere to be found.
it finishes strongly, with the best character beats and far-out weird moments, mirroring, perhaps, the way some of us feel in the final moments of pulling an allnighter.
It's the plotting, including a number of unexpected twists and turns throughout, that raises the film above the expected blood fest and for that, we must be grateful.
Make no mistake, a good "Purge" does not equal a good movie, but the post-apocalyptic thriller is slightly more interesting because it takes itself, and its menace, more seriously.
It's better-made than the first -- DeMonaco's writing and directing are much stronger -- and it also has the courage of its convictions.
[A] satisfyingly creepy, blunt, down-and-dirty thriller, one of those follow-ups that improves on the original.
Not grimy enough to qualify as neo-grindhouse and not smart enough to be effective social satire.
The sequel takes the morally hypocritical position of its predecessor's climax as its foundation.
The Purge: Anarchy efficiently exploits its high-concept premise while delivering far more visceral thrills than its predecessor.
The film wants to have it both ways: It mixes sanctimonious commentary about violence and socioeconomic claptrap with grand depictions of violent assaults and terror on cue.
Exploits its half-baked, insincere critique on class warfare and the second amendment to suggest a high-minded justification for its real function: to get audiences giddy watching people mutilate each other so blood can wash down the popcorn.
Writer/director James DeMonaco combines potent action, sledgehammer political allegory and eerie paranoia in an entertaining B movie.
not a great movie, but its drive-in aesthetics recall such films as "Escape From New York," "The Most Dangerous Game" elements of the first film magnified in a climactic bit of satire that's a memorable set piece.
A sequel that gives up the prophesy of the first film for a clichéd run-for-your-life thriller.
DeManco must have listened to the critics, because The Purge: Anarchy cleans ups the flaws of 2013, easily topping the original and, thus far, the best thriller of the year.
"The Purge: Anarchy" obeys a cardinal law of Hollywood: Shoot first and ask questions later.
Moves from the Panic Room-style plot of the first film to a more action-oriented pseudo-Escape from New York vibe. And it works.
takes a preposterous idea and makes it even more so
While the film is rutted with plot holes, lapses in logic and tin-eared dialogue - the obvious is stated again and again - it falls squarely into a category that used to be called B movies.
"Anarchy" expands the setting and the social commentary, resulting in a fierce thriller that roars with contemporary relevance.
A marked improvement over its predecessor, The Purge: Anarchy is a scarier and more effective thriller that also features a solid central performance from Frank Grillo.
Ultimately, the movie begins to fall apart as clichés and contrivances start piling up faster than the bodies.
"The Purge: Anarchy" is a dirtied-up breath of fresh air, an old-school exploitation movie that does what it sets out to do.
You'd expect the sequel to be an improvement based on production values alone, and you would be right, but not by much.
Unlike the home invasion plot of the first film, Anarchy has shed itself almost entirely of all horror elements, aiming for something more along the lines of a retro John Carpenter movie, only not as good.
Because some will insist otherwise, it needs to be emphasized again for the record that The Purge: Anarchy is a tremendously stupid film.
There's a sense of justified rage that propels "The Purge: Anarchy," a film that simultaneously serves as a cathartic exercise for its audience as well as a screed against the current state of societal affairs.
Probably the closest they could have made to a Punisher movie without getting sued. Much better than the first film. Frank Grillo makes for a cool hero.
The Purge: Anarchy stands firm on its own two feet and has more in common with classics like The Warriors and Escape From New York
A surprisingly humdrum affair, notable only for the mixed messages it manages to deliver along its corpse-strewn route.
The central premise remains as patently absurd as ever in this noisy, self-serious sequel to James DeMonaco's surprise 2013 hit.
A plodding horror flick that mistakenly thinks it has big ideas.
Would people really wait until the official start time to begin and lower their guns the moment it ends, like 'Top Chef' contestants being told to put down their utensils?
A tenser, darker and better experience than the subpar 2013 original.
Delivers the classic genre thrill of watching archetypal strangers band together in order to get from Point A to Point B.
"The Lottery" without the poetry, "Death Wish" without the Bronson, "The Return of the Archons" without the Archons, it's just nasty and brutish.
The whiff of pulpy sci-fi isn't enough to hide what is basically ugly, nihilistic stuff meant to whip audiences into a vicarious blood lust. The story's lazy attempt at condemning man's darker impulses makes this one long, moral mess.
Purge: Anarchy still isn't a great movie, but in its strongest moments it channels some of the blunt-force trauma of vintage exploitation cinema.
A small improvement over its predecessor.
Much like the first movie, The Purge: Anarchy sets up a surprisingly interesting scenario and world, but simply bungles its execution.
The first went all the way with its critique of bloodlust, even denying viewers the chance to see all the baddies gorily vanquished. This one indulges that desire a little bit more.
A more diverse but far less accomplished cast, a more preachy rush-job script. Inferior to the original.
The story has a welcome sense of continuous momentum, and what's more, DeMonaco has a better handle on both his skewering of the entitled upper class and the righteous anger of the targeted lower class.
While The Purge: Anarchy feels like an introduction to something greater, Grillo's old-school action lead kicks ass and takes names - just how we like it.
DeMonaco expands on his ideas a bit, but most of the potentially fruitful explorations are eventually tossed aside in favor of more firefights and foot chases.
James DeMonaco may doubly, sometimes triply, underline the story's governing theme of social power and how it's exchanged, but the rage and lucidity of these ideas resonate.

@highlight

Gritty, grisly, and uncommonly ambitious, The Purge: Anarchy represents a slight improvement over its predecessor, but it's still never as smart or resonant as it tries to be.