Grace very well could be the movie you need to see to restore your faith in the idea that there is still an artistic vision within the horror genre.
Solet's wicked slice of Suburban Gothic horror taps into some of humankind's most potent iconography and exploits that imagery mercilessly.
Grace is just a stretched thin short film, as the mother-in-law with the unsettling maternal issues, the corrupt doctor, and the lesbian midwife material don't fit in.
It focuses on characters rather than the color red, which is why it manages to surpass many of its more prominent cinematic competitors and qualify as one of the few true must-see horror movies of 2009.
you may never look at a baby sound monitor the same way.
...a love-it-or-hate-it proposition...
It's hard to say who's the real monster here: Sure, the ghoulish Grace is some kind of vampire-zombie something ... but in Solet's movie (s)mother love comes in all shades of crazy.
"Grace" isn't really a horror movie, but it's gruesome and unsettling. The story could easily have been turned into low-budget genre trash; but first-time feature director Paul Solet maintains iron control of the wild material. Clearly, this is a guy to k
It's a horrifying meditation on the unbreakable union of mother and child.
The sickest and most disturbing movie you'll see this year, extremely effective on every level without cowtowing to the overused formulas that have become standard in modern horror.
Keeps you on the edge of your seat, or perhaps the edge of fleeing the theater.
Introduces Grace writer/director Paul Solet as a new master of horror.
A combination splatter flick and demon child extravaganza that succeeds in bloody special effects but fails to become an actual movie.
It is a true original, and unlike all those remakes and retreads this is one movie that truly knows what scares you.
Grimaces its way through 85 long, low-key minutes just to marvel again and again that, gosh, mommies really love their babies.
Lame horror entry about a woman who gives birth to a literal little monster won't scare up the bucks, in spite of post-fest hype.
Deeply unsettling stuff ... [but] sharp, witty and ambitiously artful too, like some lost gem from the highbrow spectrum of '70s exploitation cinema
Solet proves himself adept both as a visual storyteller and as a guy who can make you crap your pants.
Grace is a truly horrifying movie.
Paul Solet's gyno-horror flick is certainly twisted but only slightly unnerving; the movie is about as gripping as one might expect given that its infant monster is both mute and cradle-bound.
Creepy, yes, but what's the point of all of this bratty, poignance-free bloodletting?
There's a pervasive and unintentional Raimian sensibility to Grace, writer-director Paul Solet's feature debut, that thoroughly undermines its Polanskian underpinnings.
The story a mother who must supply her vampire baby with appropriate nourishment is unemotional, unscary, and overly clinical.
Grace is very much the antidote to what plagues most of the horror genre today. It will restore your faith that there is still an artistic vision within the horror genre.
Profoundly disturbing, a chilling motion picture that shows an invigorating amount of imagination and wicked behavior, immediately vaulting it above most horror product.
Like Bug or Audition, Grace will imprint its uniquely grotesque imagery onto your cerebrum, then dare you to shake it off.
Along with Solet's direction and Ladd's admirable conveyance of isolation and paranoia, tonally Grace feels like something an indie Bergman or Polanski might have done.
Little details like these make the film a valuable contribution to the genre. Likewise, the treatment of female characters and themes, while not perfect, is welcome.
Covers the three essential bases of indie horror: It's scary, it's smart, and it pushes a few boundaries. An excellent debut for Paul Solet.

@highlight

Though not entirely effective as a conventional horror flick, Grace is still a graphic, disturbing, and artful exploration of twisted maternal instinct.