There's no on-screen chemistry, the jokes don't work, the movie made no sense, and I was literally praying for it to end.
It is really no plot at all, merely a vehicle to allow Shepard and Pena to riff about kinky bedroom habits, homophobia and so on. Those flippant exchanges fluctuate from funny to flat.
... there is not much to say, beyond that this film was written and directed by the dissatisfied comedian Dax Shepard, mastermind behind the mediocre Hit and Run (2012)... [Full review in Spanish]
Sure, the plot is paper thin like most reboots, but CHiPs is less about the story and more about the special effects and stunt riding, which are jaw-dropping.
If it were physically possible, I would give the movie a ticket for being garbage and wasting 100 minutes of my life
A formulaic film, there are no real surprises here and it fails to cash in its chips as far as holding your interest is concerned.
What a stupid, beautiful movie.
I like dumb movies, but CHIPS is worse than dumb, because it is also painfully dull.
A vacuous, unfunny, dull, and vapid cesspool of nonsense.
The crudity flows as easily as the violence in this low-IQ outing, with a special emphasis on gay panic humor and an even greater emphasis on sexist humor (this is the sort of film that suggests that if a woman isn't a 10, she might as well kill herself).
The 2012 film that revived 21 Jump Street was a funny action comedy that showed a reasonable amount of respect for the original television series. By this reckoning, Dax Shepard's CHIPS is a double failure.
It's clearly struggling to be what it presumes its audience wants -- bawdy, violent, yet socially aware. But it fails because it lacks any real spark.
Some TV reboots would be better left un-rebooted.
A film of a series that lost relevance more than two decades ago, full of lame double meaning jokes. [Full review in Spanish]
An unrepentantly low-brow low point in the history of both buddy movies and TV remakes.
Taken purely on its own, Chips is a wretched attempt at an action comedy. I can only imagine how it looks to viewers with emotional investment in the source material
There are funnier, more action packed, and even raunchier (if you're into that) movies out there for you to watch. Life is short, don't waste it with watching CHiPS.
Something approaching 21 Jump Street meets Fast and Furious might've been the movie's ideal final destination, but it doesn't ever drive in the same lanes as either.
An failed attempt to revive the old glories of a franchise few remember. [Full review in Spanish]
Whoever put the elephant stamp on this wretched remake of the fondly regarded family series should be forced to watch it.
CHIPS is a vulgar and unthrilling comedy based on a forty-year-old franchise that no one looks particularly fondly on, its only claim to memorability being its repeated reference to analingus.
A disclaimer reads "The California Highway Patrol does not endorse this film". It's hard to imagine anyone does.
This sloppy, sluggish update isn't really interested in casually channelling the simple retro goofiness of the concept. Instead, it vaguely tries (and conspicuously fails) to be a turbocharged, two-wheeled version of last year's hit The Nice Guys.
Whatever slither of potential appears on screen is just as quickly brushed away by a comedic tone that while familiar, is incredibly lowbrow even in this post Hangover age.
CHIPS is an ugly film: cheap, mean-spirited, joyless and pointless.
Straight out of the gate, I predict CHIPS will become a perennial mega-hit with the frat-house/sorority set.
If only one of his efforts would have shown any signs of the talent Shepard has revealed in past work, CHIPs would have risen from abysmal to merely awful.
Fans of the TV show will likely find this portion of CHiPs about as far from the source as the Starsky & Hutch movie.
Shepard seems set on giving it the Brady Bunch or 21 Jump Street spoof treatment, but he doesn't have the wit to pull it off.
The investigation is dull, the jokes dispiritingly flat-footed, with Ponch's sex addiction and squirminess over male intimacy supplying most of the setups for CHIPS's puerile humor.
[Dax Shepard] needs to take on better characters than the ones he's written for himself.
The harsh reality is that it's not very funny at all.
Is CHiPS a great flick? Nope. Did it made laugh the whole time from beginning to end? Oh yeah! [Full review in Spanish]
While Michael Pena and Dax Shepard garner a few laughs with their chemistry, it isn't enough to overcome a messy first half and blatant sexism.
A lazy, vulgar and painfully idiotic buddy-cop comedy that is as generic and predictable as they come.
Remember the 21 Jump Street movie? That was a blast. The sequel was pretty great too. Chips wants to be a self-aware action comedy too, but Chips is not that. It's not much of anything at all, to be honest.
How many ways can I say 'un-funny' and 'stupid'?
Uneven, veering from scathing humor to patience-trying nonsense and back again, but it winds up just barely on this side of the thin blue line between good and bad.
A movie that hates itself and its audience.
CHiPS is not quite as mean-spirited as War on Everyone but it sure will test your patience in other ways.
Toilet humor, cars exploding for no reason, random naked boobies, and gay panic... although, weirdly, also lots of awkward, unerotic nearly naked Dax Shepard.
This film is not funny at all, but it is misogynistic - profoundly, obnoxiously, and needlessly so.
While I clearly cannot recommend this film, I have to admit there were a couple of amusing moments.
Not even as dumb entertainment does the picture work.
Brainless action comedies are one of the great pleasures in cinema, but only when they're crafted with more care and intelligence than this.
A staggeringly unfunny comedy, the film mines homophobia, accidental decapitation and the objectification of women for lols.
Just another buddy cop comedy from the bunch, that tries too hard to make us laugh. It's script is lazy, repetitive and male chauvinist. [Full review in Spanish]
The weakness of this film is its simple plot and its political correctness. [Full review in Spanish]
The worst crime that CHIPS commits: It's not funny.
The lazy script never tries to crank up any real mystery or tension in the plot. Instead, the film is just a series of smutty jokes and incoherent stunt sequences, plus running gags that never reach a punchline.
In a low-life kind of silly way, the real laughs come from oversized personality clashes, hysterically pitched fights and a general awakening between our two misfits that they like each other.
I'm actually kind of shocked there aren't more homophobic gags here.
Destined to find life on DVD - as a coaster.
Shepard's screenplay only feels a few drafts away from something that might have worked.
CHiPs...reflects the general mindlessness of mainstream entertainment.
CHIPS is a generic buddy cop comedy that will leave both longtime fans and newcomers alienated with a weak story and thin characters.
Lame quips and (far too many) motorbike stunts are all you have to break the tedium.
A blatant attempt to apply the winning 21 Jump Street formula to another television property, CHIPS instead winds up a standard hard-R action comedy that audiences will probably forget by the time they leave the theater.
"Neither here nor there" is also a great description of CHIPS, which always seems to be on its way somewhere else. It never gets there.
Buddy cop comedies are rarely good and CHiPs is unfortunately no exception... Director, writer, and star Dax Shepard was clearly never told that some things are better left in the past where they rightfully belong.
It's difficult to get too excited about yet another so-so TV adaptation.
Some laughs, but more iffy stuff in TV-based action comedy.
Starsky & Hutch and 21 Jump Street, for instance, were a hoot. Hollywood should have quit while it was ahead, though, because CHiPs is the antithesis of a hoot.
The action is decent, but the comedy is puerile.
A buddy film about overcompensating characters that seems to have also been made by overcompensating comedians.
...there is, in the end, no denying the movie joins the ranks of several other misguided comedic remakes of '80s television series (eg 21 Jump Street).
Good motorcycle chases, weak jokes, feeble chemistry
It's not uniquely bad, nor so bad it's good. It's factually, quantifiably bad. Overcooked, underdressed, sloppy, indigestible: just your classic crap hamburger of a movie.
It already feels like a rerun.
While this big screen reboot aims for a more grown-up audience it perpetually stumbles into sniggering adolescent territory.
When a film is presented as a comedy, as CHiPS surprisingly is, it requires one quite essential ingredient; humour. However it's here this underwhelming endeavour falls short.
Shepard and Pena do at least throw themselves into proceedings with elan, but they can't prevent CHiPs from seeming a distinctly second-gear affair.
Unlike some contrived or cynical rehashes of old TV series, this one has no pretensions. It's escapism with a capital E: a funny, energetic, enjoyably ragged buddy movie with lots and lots of car-chase action
A buddy movie for people that have no friends and don't like laughing.
Step away from the vehicle.
Irredeemably sexist, gratuitously violent, relentlessly unfunny, CHiPs is one of those movies that make you weep for all the fine projects that never get made.
For a dumb, R-rated comedy peppered with jokes about male genitalia, CHIPS, the remake of the '70s cop show, isn't terrible.
A vulgar but funny enough departure from the classic TV series to warrant recommending.
I found myself curling over in such a paralysing cringe, my body had to be rolled out of the cinema afterwards like a dented bicycle wheel.
Given the alternative between the big-screen CHIPS and an antiquated, low-stakes episode of the original TV series, we'd pick the latter in a heartbeat.
Shepard and Peña are both so likable and have such great chemistry that, if you go in not expecting much, you just might be pleasantly surprised.
Ultimately, there's nothing about CHIPS that makes it distinct or particularly memorable, and the only real reason why the movie even exists seems to be because it is recognizable IP to a segment of the public over a certain age.
Both Shepard and Pena are likable actors, and they do have chemistry together... But good-natured chemistry isn't enough to lift CHiPs anywhere near the ranks of the Lethal Weapons and Bad Boys that Shepard claimed to be aiming for.
Can a movie be cheekily self-aware and still thoroughly terrible? Without a doubt. And yet damned if "CHIPS" doesn't somehow make the most of its own wink-wink awfulness.
Will it go down as one of the greatest films of all time? No, but it's not supposed to. This movie does exactly what it sets out to do - elbow you in the ribs, make you laugh, and not leave a mark.
A fascination with posteriors - both human and feline - isn't the worst thing about "CHIPS," but it's up there.
Save a few bright spots, it culminates as a mess.
Rambunctious and insouciant, "CHIPS" has about as much nutritional cinematic value as the potato variety.
Reimagined by writer, director, producer and star Dax Shepard, the big-screen CHIPS is a tawdry, testosterone-fueled tale built around penis jokes and endless evaluation of women's appearances.
One more R-rated pileup of buddy-and-body humor, slathered with chases and collisions for that empty-calorie sumpn' extra. If you're looking for a whip-smart, hilariously meta-rethink like the 21 Jump Street movies, you've made a seriously wrong turn.
What we get with CHiPs -- Dax Shepard's randy, R-rated take on the blandly inoffensive 1977 NBC TV series -- is the sort of lowbrow action comedy usually released in the waning weeks of the summer season.
"CHIPS" is a miserable movie, an exercise in stupidity that takes whatever nostalgia one had for the late-1970s television series - this assumes anyone actually had nostalgia for it - and beats it to death on a bed of idiocy.
The new movie version of CHIPS is smart to have jettisoned just about everything about the original, except the basic plot ...
Fans of Rick Rosner's 1977-1983 TV show won't find much to pique nostalgia and anyone hoping to revisit the golden days of these earnest troopers may need to lie down for a bit.
How bad could "CHiPs" be? There are more references to analingus than there are motorcycle chases.
Lazily plotted, puerile, nonsensical, it's also occasionally witty and blithely indifferent to meeting expectations.
As light entertainment goes, "CHiPs" is fairly accomplished, and Pena and Shepard make a good team.
CHiPs is hilarious. Dax Shepard and Michael Pena breathe life into the tired and stale buddy cop genre. I laughed myself silly from start to finish.
A grab bag of vulgarities, sex jokes, slapstick, nudity and chase scenes, "CHIPS" is far better than expected. But the intermittent hilarity is merely a distraction from how disposable and uninspired the rest of the film is.
Will likely manage the difficult feat of simultaneously alienating fans of the original series and newcomers who will wonder why a buddy cop comedy displays so much homosexual panic.
The movie is what it looks like when mindless slumming convinces itself that it's hip.
While CHIPS sure is goofy, it falls flat compared to other buddy-cop comedies in its genre, relying too heavily on unpleasant sex jokes (often revolving around gay panic) and a nonsensical crime plot.
It's a convoluted mess that zig-zags all over the map, but there are enough jokes that connect to keep you along for the ride.
It's not a programmatic studio comedy, giving us what it thinks audiences want. It gives us what its maker and co-star, Dax Shepard, wants to give us.
What better way to celebrate such a quaint series than with a squalid, incoherent catastrophe that makes one yearn for such relatively harmless entertainments as The A Team film?

@highlight

CHiPS abandons the endearing innocence of its source material, using the titular cop show's premise as a setup for aggressively lowbrow gags that prove only mildly arresting at best.