Feeling sorry for the loving father who just doesn't know how to express his emotions, viewers will find themselves willing to stick it out if for no other reason but to root for Gus and Mickey.
While 'Moneyball' made a strong case for sabermetrics being the future of baseball, 'Trouble' makes just as strong a case for tried-and-true scouting as being the foundation.
Like a big, looping knuckleball, Clint Eastwood's new movie wanders amiably, threatens to go wild, but in the end settles smack in the middle of the plate.
"Trouble With The Curve" is a picture of small pleasures, and a lunkheaded finale isn't enough to ruin all of the good will it earns through its first two acts.
Doesn't just remind you what a great screen presence Clint Eastwood is; it makes you appreciate him even more as a director because Lorenz does such a terrible job.
For all its occasional tin ear, Dr Phil dialogue, its contrivances and shortcuts, this remains a fundamentally sound and solid entertainment with a deep-rooted conviction that how we treat each other matters.
Long stretches of Trouble With the Curve make you wish you had other ways to occupy yourself.
The good news is that Eastwood does his thing to perfection, Adams provides the spunky cuteness, and Timberlake couldn't scrub his eager charm off with a Brillo pad if he tried.
Eastwood manages to maintain his decorum throughout, like some veteran pitcher who's lost the speed off his fastball and relies on a sneaky change-up. He does just a few things, but he does them remarkably well.
You'd have to be a meanie to let Curve's deficits overwhelm its many charms. The story is touching, funny when it needs to be, and might even leave you a little sad to see the baseball season end.
It is a funny world in which everyone always witlessly says what they mean, every life episode is dubiously calculated for your favorite character's benefit, and every incompetent person is also morally repellent and physically grotesque.
The baseball motifs here serve a more corny story and predictable plot.
Lacking narrative momentum, saddled with thin characterizations and uninspired plotting, Trouble With The Curve should've stayed on the bench.
The film doesn't ask you to do anything; it tells you what to feel, when to feel it, and lets you know that everything will play out just as expected so that you won't get startled.
John Goodman weighs in with a nice cameo as Clint's old boss, but the rest is strictly relegation form.
It does so much wrong, and it is so proud of itself for it. But it's too much fun watching these actors have such fun.
As much as I loved Clint's squinty-eyed punditry at the RNC, his latest pitch for a mitt is - to quote Bob Uecker - just a bit outside.
From Clint Eastwood's lovable old coot persona to Amy Adams' iron-willed combativeness, this film is a stunning, beautiful surprise. A sports movie, a romance without sentimentality, and the emotional trauma of a family secret.
By the end, as hokey as this might seem, I found myself getting caught up it in emotionally and overall, it somehow manages to work.
As for Adams and Timberlake, they clearly signed on for the chance to work with a genuine screen legend -- wouldn't you, given the chance?
The star power helps the charm outweigh the schmaltz.
A badly overwritten script reduces what might be an intriguing exploration of aging into a trite inspirational drama.
Everyone seems to be sleepwalking through their parts in this picture.
Trouble with the Curve isn't particularly good and it isn't particularly bad. It's simply average.
Seldom have I seen a movie so adamantly opposed to nuance.
Like the baseball diamond that features so prominently in his film, we all know which base will be dutifully tapped next and that a home-run for the characters is inevitable.
Nobody's heart or soul is in any real danger, but if you wanted that from a movie you'd be somewhere else, not lined up for the cheap hugs it offers.
This feels like a fairly disposable entry in Eastwood's filmography, and represents a confident if uninspiring start to Lorenz's directorial career.
Seemingly written by people who have either never seen a baseball game or haven't followed the sport in years
A clichéd motion picture with a couple of rip-snortingly bizarre moments that undermine its own credibility as mainstream, comfortable entertainment.
It's basically Moanyball.
Director Robert Lorenz does a proficient, if unremarkable job corralling all the cliches into a pleasing, predictable package...And let's face it: nobody serves out a big, well-deserved dose of comeuppance like Clint. Even without a gun.
A classy old school character drama that dips into sentimentality in its final stages, but remains first-rate in every other aspect.
A frustrating yet heart-warming film that misses the mark due to a predictable and dated script, not to mention the poor performances from the supporting cast.
The narrative feels almost intentionally hokey and diagrammatic, a framework that gives the actors freedom to display their best-known qualities.
Hopefully, this decent but uncomplicated movie isn't a final acting hurrah for Clint Eastwood.
I was a bit underwhelmed by this, I must say.
Well, I have got nothing against a bit of ludditeism. You know I'm a big fan of Clint Eastwood.
Watching this film (agonisingly protracted at almost two hours) is a little like spending time with an curmudgeonly uncle you hate visiting.
For what it is, it no doubt succeeds. It's just that Eastwood usually strives for something more.
Randy Brown's script is a luddite fantasy that has Eastwood grumbling and telling technology to get off his baseball diamond...
A corny baseball drama whose story arc is as predictable as an easily caught fly ball.
Too predictable and safe ever to be in any danger of swinging for the fences ...
The movie celebrates a triumph of knowledge and intuitive experience over computers, which is OK by me, though it could have been written by one.
It's only as the film crawls into its deliberately-paced and almost excessively familiar midsection that one's attention begins to flag...
Trouble with the film, if you'll excuse the cheap wordplay, is that it's not a Clint Eastwood film. He's in it as the star, but he's not in it with his heart and his filmmaking soul
Pointing to her head and her heart, when Amy Adams indicates that 'you've got to have it in both places' she could well be referring to the qualities of this film.
It's a shame that Kevin Costner had already taken the title The Postman as it perfectly defines Curve - a film where every single plot development is telegraphed in advance.
It's great to see Clint still willing to crack gags and play to the gallery, but the trouble with Randy Brown's debut script is that it curves off target.
However, old-fashioned and rather simplistic it requires a certain indulgence, much like Gus himself.
This is a solid entry into the genre. It ticks all the boxes without offering anything new.
It's not the most nuanced entertainment of the season, but the back-and-forth between Clint, Adams and Timberlake makes for irresistible cheese.
Poor Clint Eastwood! He's a Gran Torino old coot in a Moneyball world.
The efforts to become a crowd-pleaser eventually just result in the film feeling a little condescending, and so lightweight that it's barely worth picking up at all
A warm bit of American classicism with essential themes of humility and sportsmanship.
It's sentimental and glutinous, and the ending is almost surreal in its contrivance and unbelievability.
There stands Clint as schmaltz gathers momentum. He looks like Mount Rushmore in the rain.
Contains no curves and precious little trouble.
It's viewing so comfortable it could have been directed from a bath chair but it guiltily charms with more corn than harvest time in the Mid West.
Despite strong performances from both Eastwood and Adams, this is a crushingly predictable, by-the-numbers drama that never really connects.
Eastwood and Adams do the best they can with the cornball sentimentality and cheesy dialogue, but first-time director Robert Lorenz merely photographs the on- and off-field action. Give it a pass.
Trouble With The Curve works because of its performances.
Perhaps too much snarling for the camera over the years has fixed the expression on Clint Eastwood's face, obliging him to take grumpy old man roles.
Crudely exploits our attachment to Eastwood as an icon of old warrior machismo, in a mixture of carefully applied grumpy git and the occasional glimpse of cockle-warming reconciliation.
You'll know exactly where it's going, but it still has Clint doing full-on-cranky and is a fun finger-up at corporate suits the world over.
A solid heart-tugger that plays with a straight bat when it comes to plot, character and message.
Everyone grins as if 'Trouble With the Curve' has hit a triumphant home run, but in reality it reaches the plate after a series of errors.
Low on surprises, but still offers some satisfaction
"Gran Torino" felt like a fitting end to Clint Eastwood's acting career. Turns out Trouble with the Curve is just as solid a send off.
Lorenz ... lays in everything methodically, fully, but without much invention or energy; you can imagine each plot development ten minutes before it arrives.
The subtle themes of aging, father-daughter relationships, loss, a sense of purpose, and staying relevant all find a place in a film of quiet but penetrating victories.
As a baseball fan who agrees with the traditional side of the scouting argument, Trouble With the Curve is acceptable lightweight entertainment.
To a batter, a great curveball is so obvious and so frustrating at the same time. Robert Lorenz's Trouble with the Curve is much the same.
I believe the term "Matthew Lillard" is also used in most reference works to denote any hyper-aggravating person whom you'd like to punch repeatedly in the kidneys.
By pitching batting practice slow balls, the film manages to hit all of the baseball subplots.
Eastwood, in his 80s, looks a lot trimmer than some of the performers in this film half his age. He may be the only octogenarian actor who has to play older than his age to be convincing.
The screenplay is clunky, tired and predictable, with elements borrowed from many movies. What makes up for this weakness is that there are enough likable characters to overcome the unlikable ones.
If this is Eastwood's swan song as an actor, he gets the perfect exit at the end of the movie.
Trouble with the Curve is exactly what potential viewers probably expect - a dependable, albeit overly familiar, character story
Trouble with the Curve exceeds the sum of its parts. An imperfect movie, it has modest flaws and inconsistencies one can point to. But in the theater with the light flickering, it all just works.
Clint Eastwood has still got game, and Amy Adams is icing on the cake.
Entertaining with a message
... easy to take star-vehicle entertainment ...
... Feels outdated, as behind the times as co-workers accuse Gus, an octogenarian baseball scout with failing eyesight, of being.
A highly accomplished directorial debut - albeit one that stays well within the bounds of Hollywood's cookie-cutter approach to the family portrait.
Trouble with the Curve should be titled Trouble with the Cliche. It was not written by a hitter; it was written by a hacker. It's depressing to think that Clint Eastwood's final screen appearance may be in this junkball movie.
Trouble with the Curve's easygoing baseball setting and low-key family dynamics will satisfy Eastwood's admirers,
A movie about family and baseball that throws every pitch right down the middle, "Trouble With the Curve" is a gentle but rather obvious drama.
Nobody would pay much attention to this plodding but good-hearted film if not for its star, Clint Eastwood, although he's just dialing in the go-to Cantankerous Old Man mode on which he has relied for a decade or so.
If you're surprised when the uptight lawyer and the cocky hotshot start going clog dancing, skinny-dipping and making googly-eyes at each other, then we can presume that you've never seen a movie before.
Not a baseball movie, but a fine tale of relationships with outstanding performances by Eastwood, Adams, and Matthew Lillard, as a Machiavellian scout out to torpedo Eastwood.
This isn't the worst performance Eastwood has given in his 57-year career, but it's his least inspired in about a decade.
In examining the complete arc of Eastwood's career, it becomes difficult to justify the existence of the movie.
The biggest problem with this movie is the relationship between Eastwood and his daughter Adams. They keep having these scenes where she wants to heal their relationship but he backs off, and it's so repetitive, she runs away. This happens five times.
It felt stale, repetitive and I knew everything that was coming. Very disappointing because I love baseball!
Trouble With the Curve" is a solid double down the line.
In terms of genuine emotional impact, it misses the strike zone.
Eastwood's Gus could be a cousin to "Gran Torino" senior citizen Walt.
Trouble with the Curve is a father/daughter relationship drama, an inside baseball movie, and a romantic comedy all wrapped together. That's at least one thing too many.
It's entertaining and charming, and that helped me look past a lot of its problems. It's not brilliant filmmaking, but it's enjoyable for what it is. This is both its strength and its weakness, but more on that in a moment.
Teen-friendly baseball drama raises father-daughter issues.
Adams quietly steals the movie out from under her co-star, and she does it while steering clear of the stereotypical ruts that could have mired her performance in mediocrity.
In the first scene in 'Trouble with the Curve,' Clint Eastwood talks to a table, a can of Spam and his penis. I never thought I'd miss that chair.
[There] are powerful scenes, not because of what we've invested in this pleasant film, but what we've invested in Eastwood.
Trouble with the Curve isn't one of those sports movies that inspires audiences to stand up and cheer. Yet the interior challenges Gus and Mickey face, and Eastwood and Adams' well-gauged performances, make the game worth watching.
Clunky and sleepy, yet it's not without it's sweet and funny Clint moments.
If you give it a chance to work its quiet magic, it might make your day.
This cast works its magic, and I dare you not to tear up when Eastwood's Gus sings 'You Are My Sunshine'
Slogging through the first 75 minutes of Trouble with the Curve is akin to watching a scoreless baseball game that doesn't get exciting until the ninth inning.
To call this film corny would be an insult to corn.
Robert Lorenz, Eastwood's longtime assistant director, moves up to the lead spot but can't do anything with Randy Brown's ham-fisted script.
As fresh as a twelfth inning ballpark hot dog and half as entertaining.
Trouble With The Curve is a wonderful father/daughter story, bolstered by terrific performances from Adams and Eastwood. Perhaps not one of the very best films of the year, but a personal sentimental favorite.
There's no reason Trouble with the Curve should play as well as it does; it's formulaic and utterly predictable. But it flows so well, and the cast is so likable, that it's hard to resist.
Nowhere near as rich or as complex as Eastwood's own greatest movies of the past 20 years, but as a pure entertainment, it smacks at least a triple.
Tender, touching, moving and often funny, and the scenes between Adams and Eastwood have an honest, been-there, lived-in feel.
Even if Eastwood's grumpy old man routine wears you down - it's perhaps too much of a not-very-good thing - there are lots of terrific second bananas.
This is the anti-Moneyball movie, a sports film where the ins and outs of same are kept closed off and clandestine.
"Eastwood's longtime producing partner, Robert Lorenz, directs his first feature film. From the looks of things, he should stick to producing."
"""Trouble with the Curve" is not a very good movie, and it's an even worse baseball movie. It's full of trite situations and sports cliches." "
The fun of "Trouble With the Curve" is in the charming byplay between the increasingly crotchety Eastwood and the salty temperament of Adams.
Art can imitate life. In places director Robert Lorenz edits the actors so badly that Clint Eastwood and the others really do look like they're talking to a chair.
While 'Trouble With the Curve' isn't a grand slam of baseball movies, it's a solid pop fly and double that gets the job done. (Full Content Movie Review for Parents also available)
Eastwood growling and spouting off one-liners might make some giggle, but the true virtuosity of his performance is so much more nuanced and touching.
If Moneyball was a stand-up triple, Curve is a ground-rule double -- but predictabilities aside, it's an enjoyable and heart-warming trip round the bases.
Hobbled by a plot in which every development is as obvious as a hanging breaking ball from a washed-up middle reliever.
Trouble with the Curve is one of those easy-going old-time movies that they say studios don't make anymore. They still do on occasion, but you need a guy like Clint Eastwood to pull them off.
If Moneyball was made completely wrong, and written by someone who didn't know baseball, it just might have been Trouble With the Curve.
One of those schematic by-the-number jobs that telegraphs its every pitch.
"Trouble With the Curve" as predictable and suspenseless as a children's film. It's a softball straight down the middle.
Steeerike!
At times, "Trouble With the Curve" is just as smart as "Moneyball," which it all but challenges to a fight.
What promised to be a modest, refreshingly unforced little comedy turns out to be low energy to a fault.
The issue with "Trouble with the Curve" is that it's nothing special. Amy Adams is the only reason you should really go to see this. She's really coming into her own as an actress and does an exceptional job here.
It's a big swing and a miss for first-time director [Robert] Lorenz.
Given this talent scout's failing sight, Gus may not be able to see a hit, but he can most certainly hear one. Which just might be a perfect remedy for this film: keep the visual off the screen but crank up the audio.
"Trouble With the Curve" is an entertaining and enjoyable movie. It just doesn't say anything new about either baseball or parent-child relationships that we haven't seen before.
Schematic and beyond stupid, mindlessly lionizing the geezers that 'Moneyball' spent two hours justly laughing at. It's an embarrassment.
If it weren't for the film's excellent ensemble cast, Trouble with the Curve would have been completely forgettable.
Taps into some appealingly old-fashioned ideas about the magic of what was once America's Pastime.
Trouble with the Curve is pleasant but far too slight in terms of characterization and conflict to make much of an impact.
Director Robert Lorenz means well, but "Trouble with the Curve" is so run-of-the-mill it is difficult to work up much enthusiasm or concern.
"Trouble with the Curve" pitches softballs to power hitters. It has major league players and a bush league script.
Its title notwithstanding, there's nothing that remotely approaches a narrative curve ball in this tired saga of an aging baseball scout.
Muttering in a hoarse whisper, stooping just a bit, [Eastwood] finds an angry grace and pathos more satisfying than anything else in this grooved fastball of a movie.
The good news is that this daddy/daughter reconciliation story connects with the ball. The not-so-good: It's a blooper.
One expects a sports movie to have plenty of cliches, but 'Trouble With the Curve' is so loaded with them...that by the end it collapses under the weight.
You can see every single twist and turn of the plot coming at you from 10 miles away.
This amiable, old-fashioned film is no world-beater, but it underlines why, appearances with empty chairs excepted, it is always a pleasure to see this man on the screen.
The pat and occasionally preposterous story is really just a pretext, a serviceable scaffolding for a handful of expert, satisfying performances.
[Eastwood] doesn't argue with an empty chair, but he does kick the crap out of a coffee table.
Trouble with the Curve enthusiastically showcases the sparkling Adams while making its case - tersely, of course - for tradition, experience and intuition.
I'd call it "Neanderthalball."
...the anti-"Moneyball," a by the numbers, old fashioned entertainment that may show its seams but still has plenty of play.
Clint Eastwood makes his infamous chair speech look like chapter one of a season of self-parody.
Reassuringly familiar, powered by an all-star lineup. Hall of Fame cleanup hitter Eastwood, and Adams, Hollywood's leading lovable redhead.
In one of the film's weirder moments, Lorenz uses a shot from "Dirty Harry" for a flashback sequence, and it's almost more resonant than this small, flat-footed film can hold.
A well-acted and winning drama about a dysfunctional family, baseball scouting, and conscious aging.
You'll need more patience for Eastwood's crabby act than I have.
Eastwood, well, is Eastwood. In filmmaking, at least, he's sure of what he's doing. As a director, he remains challenging; merely acting in "Curve," he knows what the crowd wants, from threats to punks to soliloquies muttered through clenched teeth.
"Curve" is small ball, a simplistic Lifetime-cable-caliber movie in which every loose end gets resolved on the way to a heartwarming finale.
"Trouble With the Curve" is an absolute home run, the total package of charming romantic comedy, poignant family drama and superb acting.
The plot couldn't be more cornball. Still, there's no denying the connection Eastwood makes with Adams.
Eastwood has that irascible charm that keeps a sense of humor swirling around dark developments. The movie is lucky to have him and co-star Amy Adams, who both bring a fresh sense of life to an otherwise hokey, stale screenplay.
Clint Eastwood strikes out but not on a curve ball. I think a change-up got him.
Everything about "Trouble With the Curve" is as streamlined and hollow as a Wiffle Ball bat.
Eastwood settles into the role of another crusty old widower whose kids don't talk to him.
It's the first time Eastwood has acted since "Gran Torino" in 2008, and it's nice to be reminded that there is a reason he has been a movie star all these years.
Even those who don't know a foul tip from a chicken wing will be able to spot the desperate plays.
Many are the film's hackneyed scenes, although Eastwood and Adams always make them at least enjoyable to watch. Trouble With the Curve doesn't hit the ball out of the park, but neither is it a compete shutout.
Mild, but pleasant enough baseball comedy- elevated by Eastwood, Adams, and Timberlake.
No fun, but probably a hit despite the errors.
A Joy to see Eastwood in Trouble.
If the modest and moving Trouble With the Curve won't overwhelm anybody, it's still an engaging winner, like a junk-ball pitcher who stays in the bigs on grit and heart.
A slight movie, thoroughly predictable, but buoyed by its cast, even if all their moves have been better elsewhere.
Clint Eastwood plus America's pastime should have been a grand slam, but the tender yet predictable drama "Trouble with the Curve" is more of a stand up double.
Though not without its flaws, Curve is a movie you root for.
It will have all but Eastwood's most diehard fans staring at their watches long before the seventh inning stretch.
"Trouble" is second-rate Eastwood, existing in a parallel universe where the celebrity has been reduced to a Hallmark movie-of-the-week actor, not one of the most respected directors in Hollywood.
Adams and Eastwood find real drama in material that, like its star, is creaky but sturdy, turning it into a study of lost opportunities and parental regret.
Any Eastwood film is notable above all for its professionalism. If the story here has certain foreseeable moments, that's not to say they aren't set up well and deliver right on time.
Of course the movie is sentimental. A fairy tale? Yes, it's that too. Satisfying? Yep.
It's all ridiculously overstated and completely obvious, bolstered by lame jokes and flat dialogue.
"Trouble with the Curve" may not be the Game 6 of the 1975 World Series, but it's a fine afternoon or evening at the ballpark.
As comfy as an old shoe, this one does nicely enough but could have used a few curve balls of its own.
Fairly obvious and predictable, it's just the type of safe and bland fare that should do very well among mainstream audiences.
Life lessons!
Half domestic family drama, half gentle sports saga with the saga part missing, Trouble with the Curve is less riveting than it ought to be.
The father/daughter dependency duet forms a delicately balanced, richly satisfying relationship...but falls short of a home run.
Conscientiously pulls out conflicts and then dutifully tucks in those loose ends, never making a point in any way that might puzzle the slowest audience member.
Fortunately, first-time director and frequent Eastwood producer Robert Lorenz seems less interested in the story's overall mawkishness than in relishing the stellar cast he's assembled.
The Eastwood/Adams interplay is absolutely great, laugh-out-loud funny a lot of the time and quietly moving when it needs to be.
Old-fashioned, but not in a good way. It's an amiable - but dull - little comedy-drama without enough laughs or tension to keep you involved.
Eastwood's natural ease and charm as an actor can only help up to a point this conventional, utterly predictable melodrama about a reluctantly aging father and his strong-headed daughter.
Robert Lorenz's square but sturdy directing debut rests on the wonderfully spiky chemistry between Eastwood and Amy Adams as a testy old scout and his equally strong-willed daughter.
The old pro scores with another hit right up the middle.
Clint Eastwood and a superb cast hit it out of the park in Trouble With The Curve, a great entertainment filled with heart, humor, family drama and fantastic acting.


@highlight

Though predictable and somewhat dramatically underwhelming, Trouble with the Curve benefits from Clint Eastwood's grizzled charisma and his easy chemistry with a charming Amy Adams.