For all its melancholy and its profound awareness of mortality, The Beaches of Agnès is one of the jolliest, more life-affirming self-portraits in recent cinema.
In The Beaches of Agnes, life and cinema share the same space."
This film is a great introduction to the work of an artist well worth discovering.
Varda, free from fear and shame, turns her tale of a life lived in art into a work of art in its own right, and one of her best-a rapturous tribute to life itself.
Inventive look at Varda's life, films, photos and art.
We should all be so lucky to have the chance to make movies about our own lives when we're much older; and as one of the lucky ones, Varda wastes no opportunity to provide a fun, humble, and shining entry.
The uplifting meandering piece on the likable eccentric filmmaker, Varda, is self-reflective, poignant and heartfelt.
...[Varda proceeds] diagonally and discursively through her life and work while intermingling clips from her films, archival footage, and tongue-in-cheek reenactments...
As evidenced in The Beaches of Agnès, Varda is too venerable to be hip -- and too wholly alive to be venerated.
The Beaches of Agnes is a work of delightful contradictions from a filmmaker who has always played by her own rules.
You might not be able to write a book report on Varda after seeing her movie, but you do feel like you've spent a long, leisurely afternoon with her.
Filmmakers don't usually do documentaries about themselves, but Agnes Varda's The Beaches of Agnes is good enough to start a trend.
It's a unique, funny recollection of a life, through memories and moments.
A puckish, moving and wonderfully eccentric tour through her life.
A deftly assembled, wry and touching self-portrait of Agnès Varda as both a filmmaker and an endearing, indomitable spirit.
A witty and engaging cine-autobiography.
A touching, highly whimsical journey down memory lane.
Although you will get more out of this self-portrait if you're a film-lover, it can be enjoyed simply for its touching, eloquent reflections on life in general.
It's impossible not to open your heart to this film.
Poignant and illuminating, it's also suffused with Varda's playful, eccentric spirit.
Memory is a recurrent theme in Varda's work, and with this film she serves her own with warmth and skill.
A loose-leaf diary in which the pages are shuffled by instinct, wit and surreal art.
There's not much discipline and it's way too long, but in common with her best work, it has a dreamy sort of charm.
Charming and idiosyncratic, The Beaches Of Agnès has a strong emotional pull for anyone familiar with Varda's career as a film-maker, photographer, artist and committed feminist.
A little self-absorbed but a charming, visually elegant portrait of a life both ordinary and extraordinary.
Varda brings a playful attitude to this whimsical stroll through her life, telling stories and showing photos and clips that chronicle both her career and her personal life. It meanders a bit, but it's also thoroughly engaging.
A wonderful, warm, witty and insightful cinematic memoir from the godmother of the French new wave.
Compelling and intriguing, this is the perfect director's autobiography.
Tender, truthful, happy-making: The Beaches of Agnes is a wonderful film by a wonderful woman.
Varda recalls her childhood, her adulthood, her politics, and how both her films and her two children were born. She doesn't just show us, she takes us inside of it all, inside of her. It's a reverie.
The warm, elfin filmmaker makes a fine companion through this vivid story of a life well lived, reminding us at the end of how we create our own safe havens within our families.
By the end of Beaches of Agnes, we've learned an incredible amount about how this fascinating woman mines her own life for her art.
When was the last time you saw a world-renowned director converse with a cartoon cat or dress as a potato?
The flights of fancy settle down toward the film's end and Varda increasingly comes across as a very smart and rather charming citizen of the real world, as opposed to an artist too out-there to be relatable.
Replete with clips and anecdotes, The Beaches of Agnes is a treat to anyone who already cherishes Varda's films and a perfect primer for those who haven't yet discovered her work.
A captivating cine-memoir, impressionistic and surrealistic, surveying Varda's formidable career as a still photographer, filmmaker, documentarian, and life force.
In this visually witty 2008 memoir she's poring over her own past and its artifacts.
The kind of film that will make you feel better about cinema, humanity, and life itself.
A film as unique and impressive as its subject.
Ultimately, her movie is about how her life, anybody's life, is created out of oddments that never quite cohere, and don't need to. The sheer sensuousness of all these bric-a-brac memories is sustaining.
An octogenarian French auteur looks back on her life, times and movies in this engagingly jaunty documentary.
This is a lovely, quirky and not a little poignant film from Agnès Varda, at 81 the still spry grande dame of the Nouvelle Vague that revolutionized French and world cinema in the late 1950s and early 60s.
Intensely personal and universally adaptable, The Beaches of Agnès is at once Varda's gift to posterity, and to a world that that undervalues the small and seemingly insignificant events through which we drift unconsciously, but which leave a mark.
The Beaches of Agnès taps a haunting nostalgia, because it invites the art-house  audience to get wistful for what it once was - that is, for a time when an artist like Varda only had to dream it, and we would come.
In The Beaches of Agnès, the "game" of cinema is endlessly fascinating, as what was and what can be come together on screen.
A characteristically colorful, poignant work full of exquisite compositions and dreamlike reflections that serves as an ideal encapsulation of the Vardian sensibility.
Agnes Varda shows us what modern film making is all about in a whimsical look at a cinematic genius.
The Beaches Of Agnès is held together primarily by Varda's wide-ranging interests and formidable storytelling skills. The movie is a digression built on a digression, branching near-infinitely.
Packed as the new film is with so many interlocking love stories, of people and places, of ideas and experimentation, it's difficult not to leave the theater giddy at being swept up in her embrace.
Playful, amusing, and illuminating, Varda's latest docu is at once an engaging personal memoir of a rich life and an informal look at the French New Wave, of which she was a co-founder and the only significant female member.
A sentimental, whimsical autobiography.
Varda turns the camera on herself and her own life, even though she convincingly posits that she's much more interested in other people.
Brilliantly reinvents the autobiography in a glorious multi-media collage that eschews a standard biographical format, even as she incidentally provides facts.
In a sense, Varda has done for herself what she did for Demy -- creating a work, as charming as it is touching, that serves to explicate and enrich an entire oeuvre.
Varda's brilliant cinematic reflection of her life, loves and prolific career is both poignant and inspiring. If you love cinema, 'Beaches' is a must see!
The Beaches of Agnès is at once an illustration of the fine art of foraging and an autobiographical portrait.
It's exciting to have someone with Varda's energy and creativity continuing to make provocative and inspirational art as she enters her ninth decade on the planet.
a film that acknowledges time and age without completely giving into their grim results.
A lifeless autobiography, a shadow of the director's genius, The Beaches of Agnès is strictly for the film historian.
As insistently wry as it is haunting.
Agnès Varda manages to be full of herself without seeming ... full of herself. Perhaps that's because her self is full of so much other stuff: friends, photos, films, buildings, and beaches.
At 80, French New Wave legend Agnes Varda creates a lucid and passionate cinematic memoir that is transformative in its effortless ability to connect the director's life story to her ever-present artistic impulses that are just as strong today as when she
This trip down memory lane achieves more than just nostalgia.
[Varda] has a way of never explaining very much, and yet somehow making it all clear. She does this by not treating her life as a lesson in biography, but as the treasured memories of friends.
Varda's luminous depiction of a life lived well is entertaining, informative, and finally, inspirational.
This feels like the work of an octogenarian who wishes to be leave those close to her a well rounded self-portrait to remember her by.
By turns insightful, schmaltzy, anecdotal, critical and nostalgic.
Playful and lucid, the film gives the heartening impression of endless hunger for people, experiences and images, of the camera's privileged ability to capture lived life.




@highlight

An enchanting self-portrait by a veteran director, Beach of Agnes is equal parts playful and profound.