Each revelation is stranger and more fascinating than the next.
One might expect this film to be nothing but R-rated silliness. Well, it's definitely R-rated, but it has a serious and even touching side.
At 75 minutes, The Final Member is robust with entertainment, if somewhat short on length, which [proves] the old adage: it's not the size that matters, but how you use it.
It has the relentless charm of a great cult film, and should be seen that way.
The world's only penis museum is no joke, but there's plenty funny (and enlightening, and poignant) in this sweet portrait of a man dedicated to completing his life's work.
Even though the running time is short, the movie feels stretched out. Perhaps the curious subject matter would have been better served in, er, short form.
Peculiar as the tale is, it never gets in the way of itself and The Final Member ultimately reflects on how we choose to live our life, and even more, how we want it to be remembered.
That Jonah Bekhor and Zack Math's The Final Member isn't a sniggering, 72-minute dick joke is an achievement in and of itself. That it's a genuinely moving portrait of men attempting to secure legacies...is remarkable.
An odd but interesting documentary. More than anything to do with biology or sexuality, (the film) is most revealing of our human desire for immortality.
One can't really fault Bekhor and Math for trying to entertain rather than educate viewers. But their carnival barker callousness is really disturbing ...
The subject of an eccentric new documentary, the Icelandic Phallological Museum is devoted to preserving the male genitalia of mammals.
The idea of a documentary about a penis museum is sufficient to entice a viewing out of sheer curiosity. You'll stay for the deeply humane portrait of men desperate to leave a lasting imprint.
A little slow and a whole heap surreal, "The Final Member" documents the search for that last specimen with a twinkle in its eye and warmth in its tone.
There's a confidence and swagger to the film that speaks of far more experience with this type of story telling.
[C]ould easily be nothing but snickers and mockery, but the directors offer a work filled with warmth, humor and humanism.
Directors Jonah Bekhor and Zach Math favor a deadpan, clear-eyed, strikingly simple approach that brings out both the humor and the pathos in the story.
The cinematography of the Icelandic countryside is gorgeous, and Hjartarson turns out to be surprisingly likable. But this movie clearly isn't suitable for everyone.
What could have been a puerile joke becomes something much more emotionally poignant in the hands of directors Bekhor and Math.
The Final Member boasts a stranger-than-fiction subject so odd and funny it almost couldn't miss. But Bekhor and Math make the film much more than a limp gag.
This film demonstrates the supreme emotional effectiveness of a simple quest narrative.
A potential barroom joke blossoms into a surprisingly poignant portrait of three aging men wrestling with how to shed their mortal coil.
Hjartarson is a filmmaker's dream: a low-key character with a wonderfully dry sense of humour. But he is also a social scientist, a man passionate about completing his museum collection.
The directors take a very matter-of-fact approach to the subject and that goes a long way to saving The Final Member from just being a silly, giggly, boys-own joke.
Like any good Christopher Guest mockumentary, it's full of oddball characters who take something way more seriously than they should, and it pulls up just shy of openly making fun of them.
This project isn't intended to mock or titillate anybody, but to depict with sincerity and good humor the story of one man's quest.

@highlight

The Final Member refuses to coast on its provocative subject matter, delivering an engrossing documentary of economic length and impressive depth.