In-depth intimate portrait of how a tough Aussie environment within a larrikin culture of rebels with or without a cause has produced spectacular professional surfers.
A piece of PR propaganda.
A messy, cheeky, inelegant but unusual and interesting memoir.
You know going in that this is going to be a fairly one-sided portrait. But it's also fairly thorough with its archival footage, historical and sociological perspective.
Lengthy coverage of a murder trial involving Jai and Koby supplies the odd moment of meaningful reflection, but the overall impression is that of an unconvincing PR exercise.
What begins as a probing look at this culture feels in the end like pro-surf gang propaganda.
It aspires to but falls short of Dogtown's inspired, edgy mix of sports history, pop culture, social commentary, and revealing interviews.
...there's an undeniable energy to this subjective, self-serving film which at times says more than it means to about this male-dominated culture.
It may be brash and a slightly biased but it nonetheless offers a fascinating insight into this surfing society.
A story of loyalty that men can relate to while their significant others see Sex and the City.
An odd and suspect mix of documentary and public relations.
Thanks to the documentarian also making his family the film's subject, Bra Boys feels more than a little like a violence-glorifying infomercial.
Maddeningly shallow.
An often fascinating but awkward mix.
Sorely in need of an outsider's impartial slant.
Despite the undeniable sorrow you see expressed by all, your foot may start to tap and you may find yourself wishing you were on some beach yourself.
What it lacks in objectivity, it makes up for in vivid intimacy.
The film is narrated by Russell Crowe, whose star power is probably the only reason it's being released here.
This crude, rowdy movie is unexpectedly touching in its embrace of surfing as an escape from the stigma of poverty and broken homes.
Bra Boys is a carefully manicured PR video for the infamous Bra Boys surfer community.
Bra Boys is nevertheless intriguing for its insider's perspective of an outsider culture steeped in tradition, male-bonding rituals, and intense localism.
For its fusion of social history and sensational athleticism, Bra Boys shapes up as one of the best nonfiction films of the year thus far, and is eminently worth seeing.
"Bra Boys" exposes a specific slice of rebellious Australian surfing culture hardboiled from the senseless violence visited upon them by authorities and rival gangs alike. Maroubra means, "place of thunder." Upon seeing this gripping movie, you'll know wh
It is a sobering piece of raw filmmaking.
Russell Crowe narrates this engrossing Australian documentary, which chronicles the development of the notorious Sydney surfing crew.





@highlight

While it looks like shameless publicity for the semi-notorious Aussie surfing gang, the film packs a raw energy into this look at a culture of athleticism and male loyalty.