It is cruel, violent, unbearable and effective. [Full review in Spanish]
On a week where the recent Marvel superhero film is also being released, Hacksaw Ridge is the real superhero film; one about a deeply religious, family man, pacifist that saved numerous lives without ever touching his rifle
The alternating action and suspense are just enough to keep it afloat, but not enough to make it fly. A solid three stars.
Sharp dialogue and bloody battle scenes.
It's a cracking story and impressively executed by a director clearly going out of his way to show he has lost none of his passion for film-making and for action in particular.
It's a technically marvelous film with some surpassingly dumb moments. It's a movie that seeks to honor an honorable man, but does so at the expense of other honorable men. Hacksaw Ridgeis a flawed film from a deeply flawed filmmaker.
There are patchy moments, and one can argue that there are two separate movies in one - before the war and during the war. Gibson hasn't shot a movie in 10 years, but it's clear he hasn't lost his touch.
It's a story that's tough to fathom given what's at stake, but Gibson skillfully of pulls it off...
This film is harrowing, to be sure, but expertly drawn in the service of a great and remarkable true story.
This ethical and philosophical quandary, of violence begetting enlightenment, is the soul of Gibson's artistry.
We each decide where we draw the line, and while Hacksaw Ridge is an interesting film, it isn't so good that I'd suggest you cross yours.
Hacksaw Ridge is a bloody, pulsing account of the WWII Battle of Okinawa through the eyes of a conscientious objector and field medic named Desmond Doss...
Such an incongruous and praiseworthy product of the fallacious American militarist alibi that makes incomprehensible many of the signs of support after the premiere. [Full review in Spanish]
The effect of seeing that character's (Doss) unwavering, steadfast faith instead of the inner struggles it must have taken to get to that point misses a big opportunity for teaching and discussion.
Hacksaw Ridge isn't a great movie, but it's a very solid and satisfying one.
This is a film that more than matches some of the best war films. It's a movie about strength of character, belief and faith and Gibson has delivered another cracker.
Garfield internalized Desmond and what we get is an outstanding portrayal of an earnest, humble, sweet, vulnerable, committed and brave young man who loved his neighbor.
The weakest of this year's nine Best Picture Oscar nominees may not deserve its lofty spot, but it's still a fairly effective movie in its own right.
Hacksaw Ridge is a worthy honoring of the real-life Doss -- portrayed by the British-raised Andrew Garfield -- even if it does feel, at times, as traditionally melodramatic as your standard 1950s MGM big-screen release.
An imposing war film that is very close to the classics of the genre and the spectacular return of Mel Gibson to the direction. [Full review in Spanish]
Gibson's vision of war is bloodthirsty and realistic, but hopeful. Seeing kindness and bravery, self-sacrifice, and selflessness in such a brutal context is refreshing. [Full review in Spanish]
There's no doubt that this is confident, striking, film-making and if it merely serves as the final step in Gibson's rehabilitation and allows him to forge ahead with his new career as a director of true vision and power.
Flawed, but entertaining, Hacksaw Ridge celebrates a pacifist in a time when killing was currency, and is a welcome reminder of the brutality of the battlefield in our own modern times, when war is fought at the push of a button.
It's a good film, not a great one -- but a wise one for Gibson, and an interesting one for the current political climate.
In these troubled times, we could do worse for a hero than a man who put his enlistment papers where his mouth is and saved scores of lives.
A film with a lot of muscle, full of testosterone and as correct as patriotic. In conclusion: Hacksaw Ridge is effective...to a certain extent. [Full review in Spanish]
The nightmarish battle scenes on Okinawa are masterfully handled, and include some of the most sickeningly violent sequences I've ever had to endure.
Of the largely antipodean supporting cast in this US-Australian co-production, only Palmer and Weaving really stand out.
It's hell with bells on.
[A] simple but powerful true story ...
Gibson's robust directorial technique brings an undeniable punch to the combat scenes ... Elsewhere in the film, however, there's a sledgehammer lack of subtlety that is only partially mitigated by Andrew Garfield's impressive performance.
Cornball heroism at its most righteous and manipulative.
If they gave out awards for "most movie in a movie", then no other movie need turn up.
Gibson's film is clean, sober and shot through with a respectful piety, but somehow this scarcely believable story manages to feel a little flat and somewhat predictable.
Mel Gibson's career rehabilitation continues. This is a gripping and ultimately powerful tale.
A rousing tale of Pacific War heroism that has more in common with jingoistic Wayne staples such as Sands of Iwo Jima or The Green Berets than anything in the 21st century, this is wearily formulaic film-making.
It's a thrilling - sometimes unwatchable - action film but has a undeniable nobility at its core.
A blunt, brutal, bloody mess of a movie that displays the full range of Gibson's skills as a chronicler of eye-watering suffering on the battlefield and his propensity for corny mythmaking off it.
As a director, Mel Gibson is great at telling vivid stories that evoke intense feelings. And Andrew Garfield delivers another remarkably internalised performance that resonates strongly.
Garfield, previously so passive, proves a surprisingly viable hero in all this mayhem, performing breathtaking acts of courage that one instinctively knows must pale next to the horrors of the real thing.
While a biopic doesn't usually include such direct nods to the people that it centres on, here, it makes all that you've just watched appear so much more powerful and moving and will have you thinking about it for days after you've seen it.
Vintage Mel-odrama.
Hacksaw Ridge is an old-fashioned war film, melded with a kind of new-fashioned explicitly violent drama.
Mel Gibson's Hacksaw Ridge is one of the best Second World War movies since Terrence Malick's The Thin Red Line. It is also a wildly contradictory affair, combining folksiness with a pathological quality.
A taut, emotional, must-see.
A sterling modern war picture with an intriguing moral twist.
A godsend as Gibson's peaceable pilgrim, Garfield imbues Doss' gangly mannerisms and corn-fed dialogue with a winning mix of Gump-speak sweetness and self-certainty.
Doss's truly Herculean endeavours rise above the clichés, providing depth of drama and character.
Occasionally soapy on the homefront but cataclysmic in combat, this is a worthy addition to the WWII canon.
It's extremely simplistic, but it's also rousingly effective.
Gibson's work would be for nought if not for Garfield's moving portrayal of Doss as a man who abides by principles more enduring than those set by the United States Army.
A rough film full of baptisms, assumptions and almost religious sacrifices. [Full review in Spanish]
Once more, Mel Gibson demonstrates his admirable mastery to visually narrate scenes, especially when battles are involved. [Full review in Spanish]
A powerful film and its message is hopeful by itself, although such amount of graphic violence wasn't necessary, but what we could expect of the man who directed The Passion of the Christ. [Full review in Spanish]
A film where Gibson orchestrates a series of grandiloquent, violent and cruel combat sequences that help the viewer does not lose the rhythm of the story. [Full review in Spanish]
An overwhelming experience and an impressive cinematic spectacle. [Full review in Spanish]
An unusually sensitive film, which makes violence feel more brutal and although it's shamelessly religious it doesn't feel like work of fanaticism. [Full review in Spanish]
An exciting film that will appeal to all fans of war cinema. [Full review in Spanish]
A film with an initial light story tone, its warmth and innocence, also afflicted by the clichés of the genre, changes little by little to a darker tone. [Full review in Spanish]
What is unique about this film is the great lengths the film goes to recreating realistically and accurately the confusion and carnage and horrors of warfare.
A war film with such strength and conviction that when you finish watching it, you are convinced that it could only have been directed by Mel Gibson. [Full review in Spanish]
Beatified and blessed by the camera, Doss is another holier-than-thou hero in another of Gibson's violence-as-a-means-to-salvation big-screen sermons.
The horror of war, at least for the boots on the ground, has seldom been more apparent. You leave the theatre more than a trifle stunned.
Hacksaw Ridge is both a moral twist on the traditional war story and one that indulges in many of its clichés. Therein lies the problem.
This is one of those films where knowing how it ends makes it better.
War truly is hell in this World War II biographical drama as the film's subject, decorated combat medic and pacifist Desmond Doss (Andrew Garfield), is caught up in horrific carnage that can outweigh the storytelling.
A film with excellent performances and the natural brilliance of Gibson's works. [Full review in Spanish]
One of the most striking war pictures America has made in years: morally troubling and coolly jingoistic in more or less equal measure,
Gibson has boldly presented a story of powerful relevance, a declaration not only of faith but faith within a hostile world that looks to break a spirit that is unbreakable.
A beautiful, exciting and instructive work, that has extreme violence but help us to understand the meaninglessness of war in all its magnitude. [Full review in Spanish]
An excellent film, probably the best one Mel Gibson ever shot so far. [Full review in Spanish]
Not happy to overwhelm us with one of the best war sequences of the century, Gibson also wants to convince us of his commitment to civil rights and individual and religious guarantees. [Full review in Spanish]
Understanding both its failures and its attraction is the only chance we really have.
At times overly violent, and with clunky exposition, Hacksaw Ridge is also remarkably realistic, as visceral an experience in a theater that you are likely to see all year.
Trying so forcefully to evoke a reaction isn't always a flaw, and pays off when the movie's second half comes around, but Gibson's indulgences are always noticeable.
an intriguing mix of the conventional and the unconventional, worked over in broad strokes and thorough interwoven with issues of family and faith and perseverance and self-sacrifice and the will to live
"Hacksaw Ridge" relies on strong performances and brilliant storytelling to tell the story without being heavy-handed.
Gibson certainly covers the broad range of the human condition, from purity to corruption.
Gibson has clearly lost none of his talent for cinematic spectacle, and Hacksaw Ridge invariably looks incredible.
A tremendous achievement, this Mel Gibson-directed drama is one of the year's best.
Hacksaw Ridge restores faith in the possibility of larger than life stories with notable dramatic, technical and artistic achievements without a larger than life budget
A feel-good biopic about a WWII pacifist who earns the Congressional Medal of Honor with shots of morphine and a will of cast iron. Nominations could be part of the film's earnings.
The best of this film is its great war scenes and the unique story of a man who decided that while others kill, he would save his life. [Full review in Spanish]
The film is a clear allegation against wars, where all the combat scenes are hallucinating. [Full review in Spanish]
It's an uncommonly bloody -- and still somehow sensitive -- telling, with the terrific Andrew Garfield, as the aw-shucks hero, mostly mixing and matching with a host of grand actors from Gibson's homeland.
Visually stunning, mercilessly bloody and utterly moving.
Gibson's continued pouring over the blood-soaked effect of close combat doesn't advance the narrative as much as it announces the continued obsessions of its beleaguered progenitor.
One can easily be led to believe this is just another of those green recruit goes to war and grows up stories. It is that, but so much more. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, Nudity, etc. - also Available)
An amazing true story (Hurrah!) not told very well (Hiss!) - a war movie at war with itself.
... Hacksaw Ridge feels like a competent execution by Gibson as he flexes a cinematic muscle that may have come close to atrophying from being unused.
Hacksaw Ridge is the best war film since Saving Private Ryan, and Mel Gibson's best direction since Braveheart. Although it takes a while to warm up, when it finally does, the result is impressive and definitely memorable. [Full review in Spanish]
It's an incredible tale, superbly told and finely acted by Teresa Palmer as Doss' wife, Hugo Weaving and Rachel Griffiths as his parents, Vince Vaughn as his platoon sergeant, and most of all by Garfield.
Hacksaw Ridge is beautiful and brutal, and that's a potent combination for a movie about a man determined to serve his country, as well as his soul.
While the war scenes are intense, with over-the-top gore, this is not a typical war film. This is a unique film about the horrors of war, pacifism, faith and incredible heroics.
A morally repugnant bloodbath from its shallow, sermonizing first act to its ferociously brutal finale.
If any filmmaker is ruthless enough to make war truly look like hell, it's Mel Gibson. We saw what he did to Jesus. You can imagine how Gibson cranks the meat grinder with hordes of World War II soldiers, even in tribute to a pacifist.
Hacksaw Ridge, the first movie Mel Gibson has directed in a decade, is about as Mel Gibson as you can get: grisly, devout, and patriotic, with a deeply complicated core.
This is watchable enough if not quite some biopic classic.
Gibson's shrewd sense of where the emotional beats are located carries the story through to its end.
Instead of a war film about a brave hero's comeuppance, Gibson has remade his Christ film, this time with his martyr in khaki.
An adrenaline-charged World War II story revolving around the nonviolence of a Seventh Day Adventist conscientious objector.
A fantastically moving and bruising war film that hits you like a raw topside of beef in the face - a kind of primary-coloured Guernica that flourishes on a big screen with a crowd.
Gibson has made a movie that's nearly pathological in its love of violence-but he nonetheless counterbalances its amoral pleasures with an understanding of the psychological devastation that war wreaks.
...like looking for peace inside the barrel of a gun.
Intense and viscerally stunning, idealized and idiosyncratic, it illuminates the first conscientious objector awarded the Medal of Honor.
Andrew Garfield speaks with a slow drawl and comes across as a touch dopey but it's a good fit for the character. He is a man driven by his beliefs rather than common sense.
Gibson is giddy to once again be granted the all-mighty power to indulge his love of faith-based martyrdom.
A crowd-pleasing conventional war drama.
It's an amazing story well worth telling, and it's surprising it took 71 years for someone to tell it. And if this is what it took to get Mel Gibson in moviegoers' good graces again, so be it.
Hacksaw Ridge is a fine motion picture, one whose themes and ideas obviously speak to the filmmaker, and if Doss' story has helped change him as far as being a decent human being is concerned, that makes it all even better.
The performances here keep the film grounded, notably Weaving, typically excellent, and Garfield especially up to the task of layering Christ-like grace notes atop a character who might have... come off as a beatific hillbilly
Fans of hardcore battlefield action will find plenty to enjoy in Hacksaw Ridge, but those seeking emotional enlightenment will be disgusted (and bored) by Gibson's return to the director's chair.
"Hacksaw Ridge" is the best movie I have seen this year. Some will not be able to watch the film because of its intensity and war violence, but for those who can it is an amazing story of faith, courage, love and patriotism.
It's a blunt-force, but highly effective treatise on the horrors of war as well as those who rise above the brutality to maintain as much humanity as one can on a battlefield.
As director, Gibson's approach is bold and fearless; this represents his best work to date behind the camera.
It definitely out-Ryans ol' Saving Private, but the goal is questionable; there comes a point when most viewers will avert their eyes (and hence stop being viewers) just for a respite.
It's hard not to be impressed by Gibson's efforts at recreating the Okinawa battlefield, or by Garfield's endearing, committed portrayal of a man who stuck to his code.
For the sheer spectacle of the battle scenes, Hacksaw Ridge will go down as one of Gibson's finest contributions to cinema.
The war is depicted as Hell incarnate, with a great deal of focus on apocalyptic eruptions of flame and people consumed in fire... [R]emarkably realized and recalls the finest moments of Gibson's earlier directorial work.
What [Desmond Doss] encountered in fulfilling his faith and duty is movingly depicted in the film, but it's the emotional undercurrent that makes Hacksaw Ridge extraordinary.
While the message might not be subtle, it's driven home with heartfelt conviction.
Gibson makes his case that the best humanity can offer often arises amid the worst that humanity can inflict. There's no twisted pleasure in the making (or viewing) of this violence, only a solemn acknowledgment of the awful truth about war and bravery.
Hacksaw Ridge is a grisly WWII movie that excels as an action/thriller, but has mixed success in realizing its loftier thematic ambitions.
Though it's a bit of a wobbly mess at times, Hacksaw Ridge ultimately winds up being a deeply moving character study about an unlikely American hero.
...there just isn't enough material here to sustain the movie's overlong and occasionally oppressive 131 minutes...
No matter how you may personally feel about Mel Gibson, he knows how to stir our emotions and make us think.
Something, anything should've broken through as cinematic agitation in 2016, but Ridge is about as tepid as deafening, blood-soaked movies come.
Only Mad Mel could make a film about the virtues of pacifism that's also the most insanely violent thing I've seen in the ten years since he last directed a movie.
True story of pacifist soldier has extreme war violence.
Garfield is absolutely mesmerizing at the heart of it all, giving a performance brimming with naiveté that becomes steely determination and, finally, something more - a shining light in humanity's darkest moments.
By the time Hacksaw Ridge reaches its necessary messianic finish, it's hard to not be moved by the boggling heroism of this dutiful man.
While some may find satisfaction thinking of it as a visceral action film, the predominant sense it leaves is of wasted opportunity -- of how great this film could have been with a touch of nuance.
Hacksaw Ridge gets an A+ for action and a C for just about everything else, and your interest in seeing it will depend largely on your priorities as a filmgoer.
...an old fashioned, yet, still modern and violent approach to exposing the horrors of war while celebrating the heroism that is on display.
War is hell, but Hacksaw Ridge sacrifices that truth in favour of something far more insincere.
The battle scenes in "Hacksaw Ridge" are among the most violent captured on film - and also the most urgent.
Throwback war film among best, bloodiest of the year.
Once you get to the actual war, the movie becomes respectable, serious, even thoughtful.
It's so blatant it feels more like a parody of his own other graphically violent movies. There's an actual Evil Dead moment in a battle scene, followed by heads literally exploding.
An effective war film, enamored by its own violence, but anchored by a terrific performance by Garfield.
The scenes in battle are as harrowing as any ever put on screen. We are in the midst of utter carnage and chaos.
Hacksaw Ridge is being touted as Gibson's comeback. Is it also an atonement? What's clear is that Gibson has made a film about family, faith, love and forgiveness all put to the test in an arena of violent conflict - a movie you don't want to miss.
Garfield gives an Oscar-worthy performance, showing the medic to be a simple man of conviction and courage.
If the film's director were anyone but Gibson, a fixture on or even atop Hollywood's enemies list, it would be expecting several Oscar nominations.
Hacksaw Ridge does justice to the courage and conscience of this man of nonviolence. This could have been a great film at 100 minutes or so. Too bad it runs 131.
Mel Gibson returns to the director's chair with a brutal, confronting and uplifting true story of extraordinary heroism.
Man, I thought most of this film was a load of hooey -- right down to Garfield's tremulous, moist-eyed performance and that sing-songy cornpoke accent of his.
It is a bruising war story from a filmmaker whose primitive storytelling insists on conveying as graphically as possible the hell of physical suffering in wartime caused by those supposedly "human."
Even accepting that everything depicted about Doss' heroics are true, Hacksaw Ridge delivers them like someone too intent on wanting to make us feel good about ourselves for honoring the bravery and sacrifice of those soldiers.
[Doss'] is a story you probably didn't know, and will be glad you did. Gibson does well by it.
At times horrifying, inspiring, and heart-wrenching, Hacksaw Ridge is one of the most successful war films of recent memory.
You can't argue with war, but there's a sense of Gibson's Braveheart-styled bloodlust that frames every scene, holding a primal - stifled - yell. Throw Andrew Garfield's spongemop of a screen presence in there, and the whole thing borders on absurd...
Mel Gibson's Hacksaw Ridge tells a story that's worth telling. That's important to emphasize, because the way that Gibson and his collaborators tell their story isn't always worthy.
The film could use a lot more grey and lot less in the form of jingoistic, manipulative battlemongering.
Impassioned patriotism and religious conviction constitute the core of Hacksaw Ridge, a stirring -- and surpassingly violent -- dramatization of the life of Desmond T. Doss, the first conscientious objector to receive the Medal of Honor.
Mel Gibson returns to the director's chair with the World War II drama Hacksaw Ridge, bringing his great gifts for epic filmmaking and his problematic tendencies.
Gibson uses tried-and-true tropes so effectively that you don't mind how hokey they actually are, and he stages the battle sequences...with such assurance that those craving violent action will be sated.
Mel Gibson is a filmmaker with strong beliefs, one of which is the redeeming power of spectacular, voyeuristic pain and violence.
Hacksaw Ridge has something in common with Loving, another real-life story opening this week... in both instances it's the strength of the underlying narrative, more than the filmmaking, which does most of the heavy lifting.
While the early scenes have their sappy side, you can feel Gibson's artistic juices start to flow once the story gets to the battlefield.
It's good, in a sturdy, muted, unsurprising way.
this film is a harrowing experience, but also one that is jubilantly uplifting in its celebration of quiet courage and the strength of personal belief
It ends up with a fairly confused message something like... pacifism is awesome, but violence is also awesome, but God is the most awesome.
It's an exceptional picture and Gibson's finest work to date, gracefully but forcefully sharing faith-based interests without resorting to preachiness, putting Godly trust to the test on a merciless battlefield.
The movie believes that Desmond [Doss] is sincere in his beliefs. It simply doesn't want to believe them.
The young soldier's pacifism was so profound and so truly lived that it neutralizes the director's characteristic bloodlust.
Faith and fighting -- two of Mel Gibson's biggest obsessions -- are at the heart of his excellent new movie, Hacksaw Ridge. It's a war movie about a pacifist.
Gibson is a skillful puppet master in these big battle scenes, but man, does he pour on the gore.
Garfield, in a fiercely committed performance, projects a mix of unwavering principal and emotional vulnerability.
Hacksaw Ridge is drenched in the blood of the fallen and the mud forever caked on the boots of those who survived to tell the tale. It's the closest thing to feeling as though you've marched a mile in those shoes.
When your protagonist is a World War II medic during the campaign to take Okinawa, you can make a poetry of corpses (and near-corpses) without swerving from the cause of realism.
Hacksaw Ridge is old-fashioned moviemaking of the kind Gibson excels at: where men are men, women are women and champions rise to smite villains in gory combat.
Hacksaw Ridge embraces many of the clichés of the war movie but, instead of laying them out in a rote fashion, the film synthesizes them into a visceral, ultimately inspirational result.
An unusual pro-peace war film from director Mel Gibson. Solidly entertaining and impressively faithful to the facts.
"Hacksaw Ridge" winds up being a rousing piece of entertainment that also happens to be an affecting portrait of spiritual faith and simple human decency.
There's power in Gibson's simplicity and hardheaded certainty, and there are moments so utterly absorbing that quibbles about the lack of character nuance feel beside the point. And yet, his brand of heroism ultimately feels too one-dimensional.
This could have been another dime-a-dozen war story about rah-rah patriotism, but Gibson has made something much deeper, artistically and morally.
A stunning achievement... This is a movie about a gentle man, but it's not a gentle film.
'Hacksaw Ridge' is a profile of a courageous individual who put his trust in God, showed grace under fire and never wavered from his core convictions.
After a lengthy absence from the Hollywood forefront, director Mel Gibson ("Braveheart," "Apocalypto") is back with a heroic and brutal war film that checks off all his recurring themes.
There is something refreshing about a commercial film that challenges us with juxtaposition and refuses to placate its base, particularly in this gerrymandered political era.
Can be seen as an examination of war and nonviolence, but it also begs to be seen - like Birth of a Nation, with its #BlackLivesMatter echoes - in light of contemporary issues.
Hacksaw Ridge isn't a pacifist screed, but it shows Gibson's evolving views of depicting violence in his movies.
Hacksaw never really delves into the moral grays; it's just black and white and red all over.
Hacksaw Ridge isn't as great as some of Gibson's past work, but it's a well-made drama that's bolstered by a superb central performance and the best battle sequences since Saving Private Ryan.
This film is inept and beautiful, stupid and amazing. It doesn't have the words or images to express how deep it is.
Fitting for a film made by someone long out of the game, "Hacksaw Ridge" is a throwback, which in this case means to a type of film that was still popular only seven or eight years ago.
Subtlety has never been one of Gibson's strengths as a filmmaker. But this amazing story of heroism can take anything he throws at it and keep going, much like Doss himself.
Hacksaw Ridge is full of broad characterizations and even broader gestures. But it takes a difficult position and holds to it, even as it piles on the shredded limbs, rotting corpses, and zings of sniper fire.
With Andrew Garfield in the lead role and Mel Gibson in the director's chair for the first time in 10 years, "Hacksaw" is an incredibly powerful picture once it gets to the battle scenes.
Gibson lays on the sentiment and the blood and guts in equal measure, and both drown out the genuine heroism of the true story.
I respectfully, conscientiously object to the way Desmond Doss has been simplified and sanctified in the movie.
This is a tough movie, but it's also accomplished and driven filmmaking, ultimately in the service of something good.
It is violent, harrowing, heartbreaking and unforgettable. And yes, it was directed by Mel Gibson. He deserves a medal, too.
A good movie, a straightforward story of faith and courage whose complications arise not in the story, but in the telling of it.
Garfield melts into his Doss character in a performance that seems impossibly still and tranquil. He's mesmerizing.
There are a lot of war films, but Hacksaw Ridge feels unique in its dogged pacifism.
[Gibson's] willingness to boil characters down to archetypes gives him a naive strength as a visual storyteller.
Doss is asked time and time again if he's "crazy." But when we're on the ground, the film flips that notion on its head. Is it crazy to save lives or to take them? In "Hacksaw Ridge," it's clearly war that's craziest of all.
It's undeniably effective, a movie about the power of religious conviction that batters viewers with depictions of horrific violence and chaos.
Hacksaw Ridge is faithful to the story of Desmond Doss in every sense of the word.
While [Gibson's] portrayal of Doss' heroism on the battlefield is moving and honorable, neither the tedious setup nor the ham-fisted delivery should get a free pass.
Garfield anchors proceedings with unshowy, yet unfailingly admirable aplomb. The supporting ranks are equally strong, with Australian actors Luke Bracey, Hugo Weaving and Sam Worthington just three of the many standouts.
Mel Gibson is such a polarizing figure that it's easy to forget or underestimate his considerable filmmaking talents.
Doss's is a fascinating tale of bravery, but under Gibson's direction it's largely lost amid war-movie cliche and colliding ideology.
Often beautiful, occasionally infuriating and always fascinating.
Full of Gibson's oldest, but best obsessions - about the power of faith, the strength of selflessness, the stubbornness of courage.
Hacksaw Ridge is a parable of how values can keep you strong in the worst of places. Mel Gibson returns to directing greatness. Andrew Garfield will be a strong contender for the Best Actor Oscar.
Say what you will about Mad Mel Gibson, he's a driven, febrile artist, and there isn't a second in his war film Hacksaw Ridge - not even the ones that should register as clichés - that doesn't burn with his peculiar intensity.
Vivid and visceral, it's still more impressive than inspiring.
Gibson's inability to bring a measured approach nearly treads over Doss' deeply affecting, truly remarkable story like a Sherman tank across a muddy battlefield.
A Rare Gift To Everyone Who Sees It
A bluntly effective faith-and-flag war drama, the true story of a remarkable hero with a knot of moral tension at its center.
"Hacksaw Ridge" is a tribute to one man's courageous adherence to his deepest beliefs, made by a director whose commitment to his aesthetic principles is no less unswerving.
There are two moments during the second half of Mel Gibson's Hacksaw Ridge when I literally jumped out of my seat in terror.
Astonishing return of Mel Gibson.
Massively mounted, meticulously researched war movie that ultimately has little to say.
It's gripping, eye-opening and when it comes to heroics, thought-provoking. But it also suffers from grisliness, sentiment and self-indulgence.
In his return to the big screen after a 10-year time out, Gibson gives us a slow-build to an extended rush of intensity, emotion and inspiration.
Powerful and bloody, nobody films violence better than Mel Gibson.
Another uber-violent Mel Gibson directorial project about a man who does his darnedest to avoid violence in a violent environment.
The result, though corny at times, treads close to madness and majesty alike, and nobody but Gibson could have made it.
As he did so well in Braveheart, Gibson explores the reasons men fight for their country rather than just reveling in blood and gore.
A moving portrait of an unorthodox war hero who contributed considerably to the effort without ever wielding a weapon against the enemy.
Throwing up an intriguing paradox, Mel Gibson's Hacksaw Ridge is a hard-hitting drama about faith, conviction and conflict. These are themes that Gibson knows well
Makes us realize that if only each of us respected the unwavering principles and convictions of others as stubbornly as we hold onto our own, perhaps we wouldn't have to dig back through some 70 years of history to find our real heroes.
Gibson pinpoints an undeniable grace in the life of Desmond T. Doss, and in doing so offers a film that plays to all our better angels, no matter the persuasion.
This is a work of defiantly simplistic, classically structured Hollywood storytelling, and Mel Gibson takes to its hokey plot points with some gusto.
Gibson's work is assertive, enriching the screen with not only his singular vision of carnage, but with a self-reliant security for presenting his subject.
Gibson is in his element here. When the barrage hits, it has a force that leaves even the audience winded.
...undeniably moving...a well-crafted tale of the valour of man in truly harrowing circumstances...
As clichéd as it is, Hacksaw Ridge passes muster because it is so uncynical about the man it memorialises. Gibson's reverence, for soldiers and for hardline Christians alike, is disarming.
[A] powerful if somewhat calculating film ...
A movie that reaches out toward the idea of goodness in the world. And whether you or I like Gibson as a person or not, it's no one's place to deny his reach.
There aren't many shades of grey in 'Hacksaw Ridge', but it follows through its purpose with vigour, confidence and swagger
Like Saving Private Ryan or Unbroken, this true story is so incredible that it seems like something Dreamworks would make up
It is at once an inspirational faith film and viscerally violent, just like Gibson's The Passion of the Christ. And it is a true story.
Gibson's forceful comeback is a violent drama about pacifism that succeeds in combining horror with grace.
A gruesome, pounding war film about the courage of a deeply religious man in near-unbelievable circumstances.
This tale of real-life heroism seems less a celebration of humanist convictions than a glorification of religious intransigence and a declaration of the moral superiority of the faithful over the faithless.
A thrilling mainstream war film, laden with broad emotional strokes.
As repellent a figure as many may still find Gibson, I have to report he's absolutely hit Hacksaw Ridge out of the park.
Mel Gibson's Hacksaw Ridge assaults the viewer by surprise, and it turns out to be a lethal blow.
It immerses you in the violent madness of war - and, at the same time, it roots its drama in the impeccable valor of a man who, by his own grace, refuses to have anything to do with war.
In celebrating this legendary pacifist, Gibson and company ennoble the hell out of violence.

@highlight

Hacksaw Ridge uses a real-life pacifist's legacy to lay the groundwork for a gripping wartime tribute to faith, valor, and the courage of remaining true to one's convictions.