... an improvement on the first film, moving away from the murder mystery conventions of the first film to focus on the terrible past of Salander that returns with a vengeance.
If you were fortunate enough to see the first film and enjoyed it, chances are you will also enjoy this entry.
The entertaining yet unspectacular atmosphere cements the movie's place as a mild disappointment...
... Raises the stakes, telling a story that is at once further reaching and more intimate.
The cinematography, almost like a tranquil counterpoint to the ugly crimes taking place on screen, make you feel like moving to Sweden would be the coolest, most gorgeous decision you ever made.
Lisbeth Salander remains the riveting centerpiece of the two films that follow on from Dragon Tattoo, but, alas, her continuing story has been winnowed down in a way that makes it -- and her -- feel smaller than before.
An Audio Conversation with Swedish actress Noomi Rapace, star of The Girl Who Played With Fire, on KPFA Radio, San Francisco.
Where the first film pinned you to your seat as its mystery unfolded, the plodding pace of the sequel will leave you fidgeting.
Part 2 of subtitled crime trilogy with same brutality, sex.
Lisbeth is as much of a scourge as Clint Eastwood's Man with No Name, and just as mysterious, cool, and resilient.
The saving grace in all this, perhaps, is how the character of Salander continues to feel like a unique alternative to a typical movie heroine.
Thankfully, revelations within the complex and interwoven storyline occur just in the nick of time as to keep us engaged.
This is a pretty good setup for what might be a routine Hollywood thriller.
Usprkos toga to je Larsson i kod nas ario i palio po knjiarama, hrvatski distributeri dosad nisu imali razumijevanja za vedsku trilogiju
Records onto film all the important moments found in the novel. These moments aren't made into compelling drama so much as crossed off some narrative checklist.
It?s a slicker and tenser film [than the first film] ... however, it?s also lost some of the first film?s icy edginess and sophistication, taking the series more into pulp fiction territory.
...there is a lot of enjoyable art (and artiness) applied to what is essentially a pulp fiction. The villains are Bond-film cartoonish, and it was more fun to see Mikael and Lisbeth work together ... than it is to watch them slowly converge in this one.
For fast-paced suspense, and for at least a hint of the passions which drove Stieg Larsson to expose the long reach of old fascist, and patriachal ideologies into the gloomy modern era of Swedish capitalist culture -- the film delivers.
The second film is more efficient than the first, less concerned with getting all the story on to the screen.
It's a sequel that leaves you wanting more, its shortcomings not negating what remains a stylish, smart and cracking thriller.
Simply not as welcoming, nor rewarding, to novices as its predecessor was.
Director Daniel Alfredson taking over from Niels Arden Oplev, maintains the sometimes disconcerting mixture of violence and righteous investigation that characterise the series.
It's still a terrific story, but as told here it's much more superficial and much less enthralling. I'm now more than ever looking forward to David Fincher's take on the material.
Stuffed full of cliches and caricatures, the reigning one here being a large, blonde, over-muscled blockhead who feels no pain. If only audiences had the same advantage.
Viewed on its own merits, The Girl Who Played With Fire is still a classy and sophisticated entry to the thriller genre by contemporary standards.
Whilst it's not as memorable as the original, I've always got time for a well-written thriller.
Fans of the book will probably revel in the film's attention to detail, but for the rest it will feel like a lot of unnecessary filler.
Lisbeth and her vendetta against Men Who Hate Women continue in the more digestible sequel The Girl Who Played With Fire.
It's not much more than a rattling good yarn -- but it certainly is that.
Thoroughly engaging and dark but satisfying, the story of the Girl Who Played With Fire fulfils our need to examine humanity through every prism available
An enthralling sequel is a mesmerizing tapestry that includes murder, missing persons, corruption, sexual perversions and dark secrets.
It's less interesting than the first film, more drawn out, flatter and with too many undeveloped characters to keep track of.
The main pleasure in The Girl Who Played With Fire is in spending more time with the characters who made such a vivid impression in The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo.
Readers of the books will surely be still delighted with Rapace's intense performance and those not familiar with them should enjoy an above-average thriller.
The second part of Stieg Larsson's Millennium trilogy details another spiralling mystery, but this time it's even more personal for the protagonists. Which makes it more subtly involving for us as well, even though it's the middle chapter.
There's plenty here to keep fans of Sweden's thriller series gnawing the keratin off their fingernails.
A little more focussed than the first, but without as strong themes or plot, The Girl Who Plays With Fire doesn't top The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo but it's a solid sequel that you will draw you back once again for the third film.
There is so much plot to condense into just over two hours of screen time that The Girl Who Played With Fire is more efficient than inspired.
The Girl who Played with Fire suffers from being the middle act of a larger story, its flagging pace and protracted plotting setting up threads to be resolved at a later date.
It's efficient enough, in the vein of a Swedish episode of Wallander, but fans of the novels will no doubt overlook its deficiencies and thrill to it.
The Girl Who Played With Fire pulls no punches, and audiences who were on the edge of their seats in the first film will be just as enthralled by this one.
Rapace is suitably intense, making her character one of the finest female action heroes in modern cinema. Damaged, prickly, but able to outsmart all the men who cross her path, she's an icon for our age.
It's shorter than the first, marginally less gruesome and violent, but appreciably more implausible and absurd...
The murky lighting, dull camerawork and slack editing (especially obvious during the action scenes) aren't of the quality you'd expect in a Hollywood film.
A solid, if unspectacular second franchise segment.
Alfredson shoots "Played With Fire" like an above-average basic-cable TV show - I got tired of seeing every night scene shot in the same garish blue and orange tones.
It's such a botched job of compression that you're mentally improving on it every step of the way.
Entertaining and powerful, if hurried. It needs a killer Part Three to make it a trilogy, not a hit with sequels.
Again, it's worth the price of admission alone to spend time in the company of Sweden's premiere bisexual emo-sleuth...
If it feels a touch convoluted by the end when Lisbeth's survival skills become too Hollywoodesque, this is still heavy duty filmmaking.
Alfredson excels at bringing out the best from his cast and foregrounding their convincing portrayals while seamlessly slipping in several valuable flashbacks.
The time flies by, as so often when you cannot believe the tale(s) someone is trying to get away with telling you.
Noomi Rapace returns as our hero Lisbeth Salander, and is just as great as she was last time.
Until she kicks the hornets' nest, The Girl Who Played With Fire will keep you on your toes like a Taser to the wedding tackle.
The mystery isn't as engaging as the first film, there are several narrative missteps and the direction is uninspired.
More like a good TV movie than a full-on film, but still a good adaptation of the novel. Rapace is excellent.
Mikael and especially Lisbeth are such memorable characters that a satisfactory feeling emerges as we watch these two continue to evolve on screen.
With its glossy production values, high professionalism and dollops of sex and violence, it's like a good made-for-cable crime series.
An intriguing, compelling mystery thriller with interesting characters. That it's a lesser work than its predecessor doesn't alter that fact.
Although this mostly stays true to the feel of the first film, the story here is much more disjointed.
The Girl Who Played with Fire, may not be as good as The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, but it's not chopped liver either.
Delivers its first jolts moments after the opening credits and serves up surprisingly tender moments amidst the suspense and heart-pounding action.
A slack, flat, faithful-to-a-fault follow-up.
The story keeps you on pins and needles as layers are peeled away like an onion. Rapace is brilliant and so sure of herself in the lead role. She burns up the screen with her intensity and you...
The Swedish-made 'The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo' was such an engrossing thriller that any attempt to replicate its blend of chills and kinky delights would seem futile.
A thin-blooded mystery that goes nowhere, and goes there in the most clumsy, ungracious manner that it possibly could.
This follow-up feels story and character thin, and it has a curiously exploitative feel to it.
Have the movies ever seen a heroine like Lisbeth Salander?
Sharply uneven, the second chapter in the Swedish trilogy lacks dramatic energy and sustained tension (despite the shocking revelations), though some of the problems derive directly from the literary source.
The amazing Noomi Rapace is a sub-100 pound ball of fury, pain, wariness and soulfulness. Rapace owns this role, fully, and it's hard to imagine anyone else taking it over.
The Girl Who Played with Fire, is not nearly as admirable as Dragon Tattoo. What ultimately saves the film, however, is the quality time it allows us to spend with "the girl."
None of it ever feels like any more than a series of incidents, some of them falling victim to the worst of action movie clichés.
Resembles nothing so much as a workmanlike TV crime thriller.
Enough mood, character and action to hold you over for the big finale
Alfredson, who replaces original director Niels Arden Oplev, has crafted a film that is heavy on atmosphere but thin everywhere else.
Director Daniel Alfredson and screenwriter Jonas Frykberg have taken Larsson's blueprint and created a taut and gritty film anchored to the mythology of the series, but one that will work as a stand-alone thriller for newcomers.
Anybody can wear a dragon tattoo, play with fire, or kick a hornet's nest, but there's only one Noomi Rapace.
Lisbeth Salander is one of the most fascinating movie characters in decades.
The Girl Who Played With Fire narrows instead of broadens, and while the final scenes are bloody indeed, they frustratingly raise questions the film doesn't care to answer for now.
This time around, it's all about Zala. Who's Zala? Where's Zala? It doesn't have the same sturdy structure of the first. It still has Lisbeth, though, and that makes it worth your time.
In Rapace, it has an actress who brings a memorable literary character to indelible movie life, as Vivien Leigh did for Scarlett O'Hara.
It'd be a half-hour long if she'd just pick up the damn phone and answer a question or two.
An unfocused, pedestrian and somewhat convoluted thriller deficient in palpable thrills and clever surprises. Noomi Rapace's raw, sizzling performance remains a guilty pleasure
Smoldering and suspenseful, it whets the appetite for the final installment of the 'Millenium' trilogy, set for release in October.
Infused with the same sense of fiery danger and provocative intrigue that made 'The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo' so much fun to watch.
... combines a fascinating character study with thrills and chills. I wholeheartedly recommend it.
A would-be thriller that suffers from glacial pacing, choppy editing, bland direction and a distinct lack of thrills.
Noomi Rapace once again demonstrates that she owns the role of Lisbeth Salander.
Those who haven't read the novels may find the movies a bit jumpy, but they are still very much worth seeing.
Alfredson directs with a perceptive eye and a roving camera, using oblique angles for a script that unfolds with programmatic efficiency.
Gone is the first film's director, replaced by the prosaic Daniel Alfredson, who starts things off by swarming us with a perplexing array of characters.
The girl is still hot, no getting around it.
If it's true that a picture is worth a thousand words, it would take the entire written history of Sweden to reveal as much about the Scandinavian psyche as these two movies have managed in just under 4 hours.
Directed by Daniel Alfredson and adapted by Jonas Frykberg, it's more gripping than Tattoo.
Rapace's Lisbeth Salander is worth the trouble; you haven't seen a cold stare like this since Clint was roaming the Italian hillsides. Then he was the man with no name, and now we have the woman with no fear.
I almost enjoyed the economy of the thrills more than the density of the first movie. And the performances the second time around are more accomplished as Rapace and Nyqvist clearly know their characters inside and out.
The satisfactions it offers are those of above-average serial television.
The drama brings Mikael and Lisbeth together again as they team up to uncover the corruption and power plays of unethical men who view women as the weaker sex. Lisbeth again proves them wrong.
Though director Daniel Alfredson is slightly more sparing with the sexually violent imagery that was used to uncomfortably titillating effect in the first film, he is unable to replicate the sense of momentum that so captivated Larsson's [readers].
Lacking the psychological intimacy afforded by the page, Daniel Alfredson's film won't inspire better than a shrug from audiences.
...the first picture's ferocity remains intact here, as do its fetishes regarding political corruption, sexual violence and the riveting [Noomi] Rapace...
It's a chopped-down Swedish TV movie, and it looks it.
Trims book's absorbing plot down to the essentials of a complicated crime mystery and answers questions about that girl, but is not as visually exciting as the first film.
The strikingly original character Larsson brought to life is, alas, already getting predictable.
It's just as violent and darkly creepy as the first film, but the richly satisfying payoff isn't there.
There is some satisfaction to be had in a step-by-step mystery being competently executed -- but such plots are so cheap that they've mostly been demoted from the big screen to episodic television.
Goth avenging angel Lisbeth Salander (Noomi Rapace) is back, and before she gets bowdlerized in upcoming American reincarnations, I urge you to see what this ass-kicking Swedish warrior princess is like in unadulterated form.
As satisfying as The Girl Who Played With Fire is, it leaves you longing for more.
The second film in the trilogy based on the best-selling Swedish thrillers should be called The Girl Who's More Interesting Than the Stories She's Stuck In.
This movie feels as though it's spending more time setting things up for later than delivering on its promises now. But that's okay. The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest is on track for this fall.
The already fragile bond between the two leads gains an added layer of intrigue here because it plays out at a distance.
Unfortunately, even with its two stars delivering crackerjack performances this sequel just doesn't work enough to warrant the thicket price making the much-hyped return of Lisbeth Salander a maddening disappointment.
The movie abandons even the most basic characterizations of its plot-heavy predecessor for another muddling hunt for the truth that relies more on genre contrivances than any skill on the part of the investigators.
Larsson's genius was to suggest a connection between those cruel but supposedly dead ideologies and a continuing legacy of misogyny, rape and violence against women.
The shadowy connections between her various adversaries, or torturers, can be difficult to keep straight. Still, everything makes sense, apart from a few giddy leaps of logic, and the commanding figure of Ms. Rapace always fills center stage.
While this second installment in the series is mostly taut and suspenseful, it grows repetitive and drags in the final third.
She's back, just as tough and fierce as before.
The fact is, we don't really come to know much more about Salander than we did at the end of last movie. But perhaps that's the key to holding our attention.
One hopes that the final installment will be better.
The movie is never less than compelling, particularly when Rapace is on screen, but director Daniel Alfredson can't quite find the delicate tension that Niels Arden Oplev ratcheted up so expertly in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
A jumble of nonessential supporting players and story-choking clots of personal history.
This is no-nonsense, let's-get-to-it business, and will probably be less satisfying, and less clear, to viewers unfamiliar with the source material.
Feels simultaneously crowded and perfunctory.
Because the movie is long, colorless, uncompromising and, well, Swedish, it's got to be better than any future American version, right?
Director Daniel Alfredson has created a smart, stylish thriller that engages the audience while the mysteries are patiently revealed.
It's more textured than the first.
The story is far from finished; the film can't help but feel like a bridge to its end. But the power of that partnership forged in The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo remains strong.
Rapace and Nyqvist could not be better. For the films themselves to really fly as cinematic pulp fiction, though, some middle ground between the world's worst venalities and the world's most righteous vigilantes would at least have to be acknowledged.
A thriller is incomparably more arresting when it involves plausible people doing plausible things, rather than archetypes co-starring with animation.
While still engrossing and pleasantly twisted, the second chapter in the Lisbeth Salander saga suffers from a flat storytelling approach, which doesn't encourage the suspense in the same urgent manner as before.
If there's a way to make this riveting on screen, the Swedes adapting the first two books haven't figured it out.
The Girl Who Played with Fire is a thriller that entertains, but it doesn't provoke. It lacks the potency and vision of Stieg Larsson -- its one-of-a-kind creator.
Relentless suspense allows The Girl Who Played With Fire to hold you in a viselike grip. But it's the performances of Nyqvist and especially Rapace that keep you coming back for more.
A worthy and entertaining entry in the trilogy. Rapace and Nyqvist seem born to these roles; the idea of a Hollywood version seems ridiculously redundant.
While uneven, repetitive and occasionally nonsensical, The Girl Who Played With Fire still offers a fair dose of suspense and action for those who can stomach its brutal violence.
Two-thirds of the way through, The Millennium Trilogy is looking like the North American cinematic event of 2010.
Downbeat and turgid, the brainy movie turns a literary sensation into summer homework.
[story] paths intersect through the twists and turns of the film, making this a coherent, serious thriller.
If you share my fondness for the characters, that affection may pull you through this glumly compelling but unpleasant film.
Fans of the novels will eat it up, while newbies may wonder what all the fuss is about.
This subpar Nordic crimer leaves ample room for improvement for the inevitable U.S. remake.
Strained pulp awash in insincere you-go-riot-grrrl attitude.
A remarkably flaccid effort -- much lamer than its predecessor, The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo, which was pedestrian and sleazy but hit its marks.
It's bewildering task to consider who the intended audience might be for Stieg Larsson's international blockbuster Millennium franchise.
..what do we make of a story whose climax may make one realize that our heroine shares initials with Luke Skywalker...It's difficult to say, but as interesting as Lisbeth Salander may be, her tale may turn out to just be pulp fiction.
The first film ("The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo") had a slightly more engrossing plot...Still, "The Girl Who Played With Fire" is an effective cinematic take on a book series that has challenging things to say.
the lack of dramatic development doesn't leave much for the actors to work with
Great filmmaking and acting throughout, especially from returning leads Noomi Rapace and Michael Nyqvist.
A ripping good thriller that still only scratches the surface of Stieg Larsson's best-seller.
I found The Girl Who Played With Fire more gripping than Dragon Tattoo, because this one doesn't just play with thriller conventions -- it puts them to work.
As with this year's "Red Riding Trilogy," the "Millennium" triad proves a problematic format for sustaining thematic energy and emotional truth.
Credit for dramatic grip goes mightily to Rapace's skill in interpreting Larsson's creation--the 90-pound victim of abuse who combines startling intellectual genius with physical ferocity.
Not as intense as the first episode but filled with sharp characterizations.



@highlight

Noomi Rapace and Michael Nyqvist remain extraordinarily well-suited to their roles, but the second installment in Stieg Larsson's Millennium Trilogy doesn't pack quite as much punch as the first.