Documenting the way we speak now, however, doesn't compensate for the film's own hollow rhetoric; TGE's tricked-out, fractured narrative merely distracts from its dead-end cynicism.
In some ways, the movie seems pornographic, and it's because in its progression it captures, as though by accident, a certain innocence--that sort of innocence that ends up incriminating the audience.
Despite the rampant symbolism that Soderbergh conjures and indulges, The Girlfriend Experience is not a cold or clinical film at all.
We also find ourselves wondering about the real Chelsea, but Grey plays her as such a chic, chameleonlike enigma, she remains beyond our grasp. It's all part of the game: enticing but frustrating, the ultimate tease.
The woman is a total void. She can barely string more than five words together in a single sentence before lowering her eyelids to a suggestive half-mast.
Given the film's timestamp and the illusory nature of Chelsea's transacted affections, she may be the Aughties bubble economy incarnate.
Grey's face is mostly inexpressive, a dutiful mirror that soothes and deflects the egos she's paid to cultivate, while hiding deeper secrets. And in the mask of those impassive features, Soderbergh finds a sad world of unwitting nuance.
Her beauty, independence, and stock portfolio notwithstanding, Chelsea's tale is a timely, tragic one told with typical Soderbergh finesse, a sly, sleek merger of sex, lies and hi def video.
The Girlfriend Experience proves that a visually striking film can be made on the fly. But grab-and-run is a more fruitful strategy for images than scripts.
For those inclined to follow [Soderbergh] down every nook and cranny of his career, it will be a welcome reminder of how restlessly probing he can be about matters of the heart.
Not that The GirlfriendExperience rises to the level of Godard's Vivre sa vie, but it does provoke a host of issues that, wisely, it makes no attempt to resolve.
The Girlfriend Experience stands out as one of my favourite films this year and one I unreservedly recommend.
This brisk study of commercial culture is nonetheless intriguing.
To be honest, Sasha Grey is a face in search of an expression and the whole movie depends on her performance.
The Girlfriend Experienceis a damning portrait of overindulgence, but it also manages to inspire sympathy for Sasha Grey: not by punishing her, but by gently, persistently reminding her that she became a commodity to achieve a lifestyle.
Grey is no grand thespian, but she's an incredible presence: Her face projects an inner confidence while also radiating a subtle but unmistakable fragility.
With barely any sex on the screen, the film suggests more than it shows and, despite its small canvas, is a stylistic coup for the director's low-budget ambitions.
The tagline sleazily states: "See it with someone you fuck," when, in fact, you should just fuck someone you fuck. This is one experience you'll want to miss out on.
This is a movie that deals with the sudden, terrorizing loss of something that in the long run probably isn't spiritually important but sure does freaking sting right now. The natural order is lost, and no one knows what next to grab onto.
It's a critique of capitalism by the Ocean's auteur, no less.
The inner-self is not for sale
[Sasha Grey] was apparently cast for her ability to disassociate from human emotion and she's perfect for the role.
...yet another failed cinematic experiment from Soderbergh...
Like a sneaky P.I. seeking weakness, Soderbergh places his camera behind everyday barriers. In half the time, "The Girlfriend Experience" offers as haunting, relentless, incisive and fierce a commentary on human interaction as "Fight Club."
The whole film carries a sort of documentary aesthetic (unsteady camera movements, uncomfortable close-ups, inconsistent sound, etc.) but it remains subtle and unobtrusive throughout.
The nature of men and the business of relationships
Soderbergh prouve une fois de plus sa versatilité et sa grande créativité, et ce, indépendamment de la taille du projet ou des noms avec lesquels il est appelé à travailler
[Star] Sasha Grey gives a sympathetic performance as the ultimate fantasy with a stand out debut...
This may one day be an interesting time capsule, but it's a lacklustre drama.
A rather uninteresting example of the small-scale films Soderbergh likes to do between more expensive and expansive movies.
It doesn't say anything too deep, but it says it with crystalline style.
Human feeling dares to outstare, for a mini-moment, the world of accounting, commodification, ecstasy-management.
full review at Movies for the Masses
It's deliberately chilly, and feels like a series of overheard conversations rather than a story, obliging you to listen for barbs among the trivialities.
Naturalistic performances and stylish, semi-documentary-style cinematography and editing (both courtesy of the director) make for an engrossing, insightful study of internal and interpersonal conflict.
The Girlfriend Experience is no date movie: Soderbergh offers a snappily paced but tonally bleak snapshot of an alienated young woman who has ridden the new culture of personal branding to its psychological and physical limits.
Staggeringly unsexy but strangely compelling.
I don't think Soderbergh has ever missed quite as badly as this: a shallow, negligent piece of work, badly acted and casually put together.
Steven Soderbergh is very much in experimental mode with this chilly, downbeat Manhattan drama.
Soderbergh proves he's still got the lightness of touch that marked him out as one to watch 20 years ago with Sex, Lies and Videotape.
It's a shame that Grey isn't as rehearsed in baring her soul instead of her body, still The Girlfriend Experience boasts enough intrigue to keep you hooked.
Grey holds the attention for the whole film, imbuing the label-obsessed courtesan with an icy edge that subtly hints at emotional damage.
Soderbergh's ultra-indie isn't about feelings - business and pleasure don't mix. But this intriguing, cerebral, beautiful little movie rings with cold, hard, ugly truths.
Despite the subject matter and casting, the movie seems an oddly tepid affair.
Director Steven Soderbergh is still as likely to serve up a stinker as a sweet-smelling success. The Girlfriend Experience? It gives off a fragrant pong.
It's fatally undermined by the lead, Sasha Grey, a real-life porn star who absolutely, categorically cannot act.
What Soderbergh's film wants to say is uncertain: That a prostitute has business problems like everyone else? That her johns seem a pretty sleazy lot? That "everyone is a critic"? None of these qualify as revelatory.
A superbly directed, brilliantly edited drama with an impressive, if unconventional, performance by Sasha Grey.
Packed with clever touches and sharp observations, but is too dry and repetitive to make us care about the characters.
An interesting low-budget cinematic experiment, but I just couldn't work up much enthusiasm for it. The experiment may have been a success, but the subject is dead.
Despite the lack of fanfare, this is a much better offering from Soderbergh than "The Informant", not to speak of its deeper critique of bourgeois society.
His techniques are so alienating that it's difficult to decide whether we're supposed to feel something for his pretty plastic people.
Seems more like a sociologist's case study than anything dramatic.
A curious snapshot of urban America during a particular pressured time; it doesn't have a generally nice view of people, but a frankness about the film's subject drives it -- when the chips are down, it's all about business.
A successful experiment. Soderbergh's timing couldn't be better with the economic downturn and celebrity downfalls so much in the news these days. Good job!
The film is only marginally about sex; it's real subject is business. One can argue cynically that all human relationships are a form of transaction.
The low-budget digital drama The Girlfriend Experience is one of [Soderbergh's] most successful experiments
The rich client characters nearly ruin it, but the leading lady manages to shoulder the weight of this short but sharp effort from a fascinating filmmaker.
Soderbergh likes to switch between large-scale films and minimalist dramas, with this very small, but most intriguing film.
Soderbergh is always interesting when he strips it back, but his intriguing artful essay on buying intimacy won't get you off.
The Girlfriend Experience is a fascinating character study that sheds new light on the tumultuous times in which we live.
It's a bit like an unsatisfying sexual encounter %u2013full of anticipation but not complete. One thing that does deliver, however, is 21 year old porn star Sasha Grey, who tantalises at every turn as the hooker who offers The Girlfriend Experience.
Sex is acting, it's a product, but Soderbergh's film can't illuminate its commoditization
The Girlfriend Experience chronicling the day-to-day travails of a high-end sex worker and her personal trainer boyfriend is many different things, but sexy ain't one of them.
A mostly hollow experiment, built upon a thoroughly artificial vibe, that never really connects.
Too much prurient interest would tend to detract from the important statement Soderbergh thinks he's making about the economy and society.
The movie ends so abruptly (it runs a scant 77 minutes), it's a toss-up as to whether Soderbergh was trying to make an auteur statement or simply lost his mojo.
This is one of the director's small, experimental, semi-improvised provocations, and if it doesn't push too deep, it's pointed enough to leave a mark.
Grey is comfortable in front of the camera (and this time she gets to keep most of her clothes on), but her range is limited.
It's ... hard not to wonder if a skilled actress would have been better equipped to play Christine instead of a famous porn star -- but reality seems to be the directive in Soderbergh's film, no matter how bland that reality might be.
But take away the bedroom settings, erotic websites and pillow talk, and it's really a fascinating look at anyone who finds their business and personal lives completely fused together.
There are layers upon layers here--a porn star taking on a serious acting role in which she plays a woman whose job is to make herself an object of male fantasy--but it's unclear whether Grey is aware of any of them.
...a slightly monstrous movie about the retailing of intimacy
Steven Soderbergh's study of a high-priced Manhattan call girl through the prism of the economic crisis, is meta enough to intrigue yet too removed to truly engage.
After it's over, it quickly vanishes from memory, and viewers are on to the next transaction.
The awkward, improvised language, flat acting, self-conscious filmmaking and thin characterization sabotage the movie.
The conversations it provokes will probably be more enjoyable than the ones it depicts.
Stylish, inventive and cool, Steven Soderbergh's The Girlfriend Experience is a Godardian inquiry into the ways in which sex and money function as transactional media at a time of diminishing economic prospects.
While beautiful, both the film and its female lead are cold and distant.
An aesthetically pleasing experience that nevertheless feels lacking in conviction.
Along with directing the movie, Soderbergh shot and edited it, too, and he's given the picture a gleaming, abstract beauty. The luxe interiors have a jewel-like glow, and the extensive manipulation of focus enhances the offhand impressionism of the story.
Less a sexy confection than a sly satire on capitalism. Or, more specifically, a satire on capitalists during a recession
Sasha Grey's participation deserves to be but a footnote in the context of a compact, fascinating, meticulously constructed motion picture with far more to offer than one unfamiliar with director Steven Soderbergh might be expecting.
As much as there is to admire about Soderbergh, his indifference to time sequencing hurts the story here.
You really do lose yourself in these characters.
I do not know if history will judge this an important document of the Times In Which We Live, but it surely seems to me that it captured something vital.
The Girlfriend Experience functions as a sharp, poignant allegory, despite its relentless focus and wealth of concise, specific detail.
A visually stylish, sexy and provocative film that's emotionally cold, yet oddly intriguing.
What it is, though, is a defiantly independent work that deftly addresses the darker elements of the nation and humanity without quite giving up hope.
Crap. No script, no acting, no sex, and no talent. Disney animation has more sex. Grey is shot hidden in the dark and behind sofas. She's an emotional bore & spends 77 minutes putting her hair in a bun.
The life of an upscale hooker: Even in the throes of passion, it's beyond bland.
Chris and Chelsea, the main characters in The Girlfriend Experience, are buff, hot, busy and boring.
Though the result is thematically slight, it's structurally sophisticated enough to reward a second viewing (or at least, unlike Grey's previous work, to be watched all the way through).
It's a brief 77 minutes of vague, pretty blankness; a mere sketch of a character -- and a movie.
The first important cinematic statement about the recession.
What makes The Girlfriend Experience a fresh provocation is not the new ways available to build a fantasy but the near-impossibility of negotiating one you can actually believe in.
Coldly voyeuristic, the film is a piece of cultural anthropology that doesn't even pretend to get into the soul of its characters.
Whatever talents Grey may demonstrate in her other films are completely absent here.
Like a stag movie as conceived by the editors of the Financial Times.
Nobody listens in this film; everyone's just waiting for their turn to talk. At the end of the movie, everyone is alone and you have the feeling they'll stay that way.
An exquisitely filmed piece of urban impressionism that, unfortunately, leaves one feeling that a sleek gadget has been needlessly purchased.
Like its protagonist, the film is pretty to look at, but emotionally chilly; conceptually rich, but narratively unfulfilling.
Soderbergh's new film is interested in labor arrangements and working practices. However, he has few ideas regarding the commodification of sex that haven't been heard and seen before.
Nowhere near as kinky or thinky as Soderbergh's sex, lies and videotape, Girlfriend pretends it has more on its mind than it really does.
Soderbergh taps into the nervy impulses of his earliest endeavor, sex, lies and videotape as well as Ocean's Eleven. The Girlfriend Experience has something to elevate and exasperate fans of both.
When the turmoil of the last 12 months has receded and the 10th-anniversary deluxe collectors edition comes around, this strange, numb cinematic experience may seem fresh, shocking and poignant rather than merely and depressingly true.
The most fascinating and provocative work that Soderbergh has done in years.
This is Soderbergh asking questions as a filmmaker about relationships and business in the modern era. Expect questions. Don't expect answers.
Soderbergh does a remarkable job of blurring sound and images, presenting the film as a whole jumble of feelings rather than a series of events.
The dullness works to Grey's favor as the 2008 AVN winner for Best Oral Sex Scene can't act a lick.
May not plumb the emotional depths, but in its cool, detached way it's a sharply observed commentary on the parched, incomplete relationships that result from a merely capitalist mentality.
What could seem an empty stylistic exercise (and was, in the director's 2002 Full Frontal) serves to bring a fresh urgency to the tale, ultimately granting the audience a wisdom and perspective the characters never possess.
You don't know how much you miss actors until you watch a movie with so many neophytes, who are for the most part stiff and unreadable.
Soderbergh's enigmatic contraption is dependent on Ms. Grey's comfort with sex and being packaged to define her character realistically. As performances go, The Girlfriend Experience borders on documentary.
The current economic freefall started right around the time Steven Soderbergh was shooting The Girlfriend Experience...his artful glimpse at the business of sex is made all the richer for it.
Like an X-ray, the focused power of sex, lies and hi-def video cuts to the bone.
It's a modest success that makes one wish Soderbergh could find some happy middle ground between funky experiments and Ocean's Eleven.
This film is true about human nature. It clearly it sees needs and desires. It is not universal, but within its particular focus, it is unrelenting.
An interesting character-based experiment by Soderbergh, one that's more fully-realized than some of his other recent ideas.
The Girlfriend Experience is one of Steven Soderbergh's bite-size, semi-improvised, shot-on-DV doodles, and it's the best one he's made
It's a millennial dirge for people who don't know the spiritual/materialist crisis Godard predicted in Nouvelle Vague.
There's an unforgettable moment in Klute where Jane Fonda's hooker character peeks at her watch while pretending to be in the throes of orgasm; Chelsea seems to operate entirely in watch-peeking mode.
The director's ruthlessly unsentimental depiction of Christine's lifestyle makes for fascinating, albeit distanced, voyeurism.
Most of the dialogue is listless, and no matter how much Soderbergh snips and stitches, the movie is a corpse with twitching limbs.
All the world's a financial transaction just waiting to be negotiated in The Girlfriend Experience, a handsome, frosty, rather one-note time capsule from October 2008.
Sasha Grey isn't the actress this movie deserves, but maybe she's the actress it needs.
It is an interesting observation on all kinds of hustling in a climate of financial freefall but fails to connect on any emotional level...more enjoyable to contemplate afterwards
Ultimately, though "The Girlfriend Experience" is a brief cultural oil check with a dipstick that you can barely read. What the film shows is that Sacha Grey can act, and Soderbergh shoots beautiful compositions.
Like a puzzle formed out of the fragments of one woman's complicated existence, The Girlfriend Experience is a tone poem that takes its time seducing you.
While The Girlfriend Experience is not a good film by any stretch, I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it as being, at the very least, worth the time to watch it.
At once austere and seductive.
In this brilliant and provocative chamber piece, the ever-inventive Steven Soderbergh captures the life of a high-end call girl, equating it with the entrepreneurs she services.
Girlfriend Experience is a palate cleanser for director Steven Soderbergh, who embarks on one of these odd "personal" films every few years when his fingers tire of counting Ocean's trilogy money.
An elegant piece -- a lesson in artful economy that demonstrates verite filmmaking doesn't have to be grainy and grotty.
with its fragmented narrative and cinéma vérité approach, recalls Jean-Luc Godard's exploration of the life of a prostitute, Vivre sa vie
Grey isn't the first porn actress to go straight, but she may be the first to allegorize her own situation -- projecting an on-screen self-confidence that's indistinguishable from pathos.
Despite the pic's erotic subject matter and star (vet porn diva Sasha Grey), nothing could be less sensationalistic -- or moralistic -- than this fascinating study of free enterprise in free fall.
The effect is impressionistic and provocative, with the emphasis falling differently on scenes because of our knowledge or lack thereof. It also serves to view the "girlfriend experience" as a kind of performance art.

@highlight

Steven Soderbergh's latest lo-fi production is strikingly crafted but emotionally vague.