Classic McElwee blending together the personal and the political in his native North Carolina, to which he something of the same ambivalent relation that Faulkner, another son of the South, had to Mississippi.
This is a highly personal journey, reminiscent of a smart, sardonic personal essay you might find in Harper's magazine or a quirky, savvy radio piece on NPR's 'This American Life.'
Touches on serious matters with a sly, self-deprecating sense of humor that makes receiving its messages a pleasure rather than a chore.
Ross McElwee ambles through one tobacco-related subject after another... it's too scattered all over the place to be truly informative.
Bright Leaves is not the kind of film that thetruth.com would use in its anti-smoking campaign.
A meandering riff on the dangerous allure of smoking, and more interestingly a meditation on the way motion pictures can preserve our life experiences-- but only to a point.
A gently provocative film diary about tobacco and its mixed legacy.
The filmmaker narrates with droll, front-porch wit, and eases his way into the viewer's heart by sharing a hefty portion of his own.
McElwee's best film since Sherman's March.
Bright Leaves is a beguiling film. Watching it is like spending time with an old, somewhat chatty but endearing friend.
Twin concerns of family and place collide perfectly in McElwee's first film in seven years.
It's a meandering visit by a curious man with a quiet sense of humor.
McElwee's autobiographical films ... are leisurely jaunts with a gentle humor that never mocks his subjects.
Ross McElwee's movies have the rhythms of a person who is writing -- considering this possibility, rejecting that one and ultimately making a decision.
Bright Leaves mixes social conscience with personal journey in an even balance.
The mysteries McElwee sets out to solve aren't very involving, and his meandering style, while charming first and literate, becomes repetitive and yes, even a little dull.
A transcendent documentary that swirls in a temporarily timeless haze of themes: imagined pasts, shadowy legacies, cinematic heirlooms and the bittersweet landscape of memory.
detours never seem self-indulgent, just the flights of fancy of a creative intellect
McElwee is motivated less by political views, personal desires or preachiness than any documentarian I know. He's motivated almost solely by curiosity, and everyone he encounters ... interests him.
It's a movie of odd juxtapositions and droll observations.
Inevitably poignant but also often amusing and always deeply touching, this film is likely to stick in one's memory for all its concerns, not just cigarettes.
It's a gentle rumination on the contradictions, failures and delusions of everyday life. But mainly, it's a quietly satisfying dose of reality.
Who'd have thunk that a freeform meditation on tobacco, family, and filmmaking would be so compelling?
Soft and unhurried as the life in a small Carolina town, the film is likely to find some admirers because of that, if only among the most dedicated art-house set.
McElwee, he of the wonderful Sherman's March, noodles delightfully around the South again, only this time in his native North Carolina.
We're right there with [McElwee] when his search leads him to a cadre of colorful Southern characters with personalities as rich as their drawls; as long as the company is good, who cares that the expedition is getting lost on the side roads?
A multilayered film that gradually finds its focus.
A weightless film. Worse still, McElwee's languid tone makes his journey lack conviction.
Eventually, we realize that moviemaking has replaced nicotine as McElwee's addiction: Every so often, he has to step outside for a fix.
Opens tediously slow, but grows on you, reels you in, perhaps like smoking itself. "trance-like, seemingly suspending time." Then, like smoking, finds difficulty quitting.
A witty and sometimes touching tale of film, family and lung cancer.
Like Moore's Fahrenheit 9/11 and Spurlock's Super Size Me, McElwee's Bright Leaves takes on a sizable foe -- in this case, big tobacco -- but with such grace and wit that his message never seems medicinal.
McElwee plays a passive role, and his steady monotone keeps the viewer at an emotional distance from his personal issues.
We are hooked into a low-tech but compelling dynamic -- between relatively static images and McElwee's sensitive, connective narrative.
The results are brilliantly amusing; this is a movie that doesn't make you feel stupid on the way out or like someone has been spraying you in the face while making his talking points.
The filmmaker's rich, husky-voiced narration manages to shape this collection of half-formed ideas and observations into a tightly packed little roll-up that's worth taking a puff on.
Where most documentaries offer us facts to hold on to, [McElwee's] are obsessed with the mystery of things we don't know and never will.
You end up wishing it would amass into something more than the sum of its elements.
Personal yet the opposite of egotistical, truthful yet playful, happily distractible yet patient, and above all grateful for those in the world he loves around him, McElwee makes movies the way life might, ideally, be lived.
McElwee is digressive in the best sense. He takes the time to discover what people are like when they're being themselves; he wants to know where their lives are taking them, what byways they are going down.
This rich, complex and surprisingly entertaining film also becomes a meditation on filmmaking and the parallels McElwee finds between cinema and, of all things, smoking.
Becomes both a mystery and memoir in progress and though the filmmaker does not find the truth he is looking for, it was clearly a quest worth undertaking.
Ross McElwee shows just how far subtlety can go with his latest charming effort.
Deeply personal, morally alert, and highly entertaining.
[Director] McElwee is also the rare documentarian who allows for surprises-look for a giant rat in the background (you can't miss the scene-stealing dog).
A rewardingly personal docu in which the filmmaker deftly uses his specific family legacy as a jumping off point for wry ruminations on American history, the tobacco business, public health and cinematic license.
An utterly mundane miracle, a sampling of gentle insight and poetic retrospection quietly at odds with the exploitative culture around it.
[McElwee's] moviemaking skills and beguiling personality more than make up for his egocentric explorations.
Bright Leaves leaves you feeling invigorated by the boundless curiosity, humor and high spirits of its creator.
This is one subject for which the passion of Michael Moore would be more appropriate.
blends nostalgia, economics, and personal reactions to new information at a perfect pitch that allows for laughter and deeply felt affection
Bright Leaves is a smart, ethically rich, innovative and well-done documentary about the tobacco industry. family legacies and the pleasures of filmmaking.
McElwee forsakes the muckraking strategies of Michael Moore and Nick Broomfield in favour of a gentler, more ruminative style, resulting in a work that is remarkable for its warmth and wisdom.
Ostensibly about an epic betrayal, Bright Leaves spirals beautifully in a hundred different directions.




@highlight

A rich, eccentric documentary about both filmmaking and the tobacco industry.