My Life as a Zucchini has grace and charm, but what breaks your heart is its mental toughness.
... between the dark and the luminous; between fatalism and hope. [Full review in Spanish]
Never panders or becomes cloying on its way to a well-earned 'we are family' conclusion.
The movie is dark, but in a nurturing way, if that makes sense. It's suitable for kids because Zucchini is largely about healing - not in a sticky-sweet way, but by small, slow increments.
My Life as a Courgette is a tender, funny and wise-beyond-its-years stop-motion animation that takes on tough subject matter through the eyes of a child.
... Zucchini's life is not condescending but warm... [Full review in Spanish]
This is a film that finds hope and wonder and joy in a world that can be harsh and unfair and director Claude Barras acknowledges both.
... a fascinating venture in social realism.
French screenwriter (and frequent director) Céline Sciamma excels at making coming-of-age films.
Charmingly homespun, the stop-motion animation is intricate and expressive, allowing the kids' unique personalities to shine forth from their petite frames and oblong heads.
Yes, there are echoes of classic orphan tales of old but, despite the cleverness of the animation, the often doleful tone feels too real and grown-up to attract much in the way of a commercial audience.
My Life As A Courgette isn't a kid's film - it's a family film, fit for viewing together and evoking discussion, reflection and consideration.
Downright Dickensian, treating with serious dignity the darkest kind of childhood, one stripped bare of love or any kindness.
Running barely longer than an hour, My Life as a Zucchini doesn't go into any great depth in terms of either story or emotion. That's disappointing.
Barras' technique is a sophisticated update of classic stop-motion clay animation...It's a laborious process-especially for a small, independent studio like Barras' with only 10 staff animators. But the result is obviously a labor of love.
My Life as a Zucchini emerges as a touching picture of childhood, complete with its pains and consolations -- and (amazingly) an allowance for kindness.
It stands out for its simplicity and sobriety, with animation in traditional Stop motion that without making use of elaborate scenographies, fulfill their function to tell us this story and works great. [Full review in Spanish]
The film is a beautifully balanced visual marvel.
A beautiful surprise with moments of sweetness, where the orphans learn to comfrot each other. [Full review in Spanish]
Colourful, emotive and nuanced, My Life As a Courgette is a Swiss/French stop-motion film that doesn't shy away from the sobering realities of many children in care homes.
Hankies at the ready.
The upfront acknowledgement in My Life as a Courgette that many childhoods play out with nary a hint of magic, sparkle or sugar to help the medicine go down feels unorthodox and bracing.
It is, admittedly, cute and tender, a smooth and sensitive approach to the lives of abandoned children who are thinking and dealing with issues they should simply never have to contemplate.
This isn't just good writing, it's humane and honourable. Every child here feels like a real human being, and as such is accorded a dignity the world invariably hasn't extended to them in their lives to date.
Barras succeeds brilliantly in his stated ambition to "make a film about children that speaks to them about abuse and its remedies in today's world".
Painstakingly made using a stop-motion animation style similar to that favoured by Tim Burton, My Life as a Courgette is not at all as grim as it sounds, and focuses more on hope and kindness than the dark starts to the children's lives.
My Life as a Courgette isn't perfect (some of the adult characters lack nuance) but its attempt to redefine innocence is stirring.
Visually arresting, with a lovely strings soundtrack, it's a very accomplished piece of work.
It is a lovely little film, coming in at a novella-size 66 minutes.
My Life as a Courgette could be described as slight, given that the running time is just over an hour, but it is a beautiful, heartfelt film that deals with some difficult subjects.
It is funny but conveys important sentiments about trauma, survival, the kindness of strangers and our shifting sense of what a loving family can be. Highly recommended.
Somewhere in the mysterious space between the script and the animation, My Life as a Courgette boasts moments of (yes, whisper it) essential human truth that will leave you floored.
The emotional heft of the story doesn't detract from the charm of the protagonists, with the film's humour and joy jumping off the screen, as oversized and unmissable as the characters' adorable faces.
It's a little masterpiece.
The only downside to this charming and disarmingly thought-provoking gem is that it lasts a mere 66 minutes. Few would complain if a sequel came along.
A superlative family film, and one that dares to be different.
Claude Barras' Oscar-nominated stop-motion animated feature is as poignant and as well observed a film about the darker side of childhood as you could ever hope to see.
A very successful stop motion movie in which it is impossible to fondle your characters. [Full review in Spanish]
It's not an easy film to see or to digest. It's strong and powerful and it impacts immediately. [Full review in Spanish]
A film that manifests itself with a deep commitment to the understanding and intimacy of a subject as rough as orphanhood. [Full review in Spanish]
With a fine sense of humor and appealing to sensibility, the film has the necessary additions to be a referent as far as orphan movies are concerned. [Full review in Spanish]
If you are in search of a film designed for children and that can take them to important reflections beyond entertainment, this is probably your best chance to find it. [Full review in Spanish]
Claude Barras has created an important film of its kind for his compassionate way of representing a broken childhood. [Full review in Spanish]
Its Claymation images, bizarrely imagined as they are, can't begin to mask the range of emotions Barras' characters want to convey.
A crude drama told with charming simplicity. It shows us the human bestiality through its most innocent victims in a sweet and tender way that moves. [Full review in Spanish]
Tough issues are not dismissed, but handled with delicacy and honesty.
Fans of stop-motion animation will be pleased to know they have another gem on their hands. My Life as a Zucchini is a bit darker than your usual kids movie, but it is a wonderful thing to watch.
With so much treacly sentimentality contained in animated films these days, it's refreshing to see one that engages adults and children in a sensitive, intelligent way.
Yes, it's an odd title, one that sounds much better in its native language ("Ma vie de Courgette"). It's also a wonderful tremendously moving film about an emotionally wounded little boy, and the family unit that develops at a foster home for orphans.
I asked myself, why nominate a film like My Life As A Zucchini for an Academy Award? After viewing the film, it is a step above the rest for me, as it's unafraid to tackle themes where the other films just scratch the surface.
More than a plot's complications, his characters are complex, almost as if the result of inspired anthropological study. Telling details... add to Barras' assured telling in his brief, lovely film. Families, sometimes, form themselves.
My Life as a Zucchini...is nearly perfect, perhaps the best animated film in years.
The mood is closer to the gentle melancholy of Peanuts, with which Zucchini shares a wistful air and pumpkin-sized craniums
The intrinsic cuteness of the style and surface -- not to mention the title -- of My Life as a Zucchini belies the film's broken, despondent heart.
Barras's most impressive feat-besides keeping the film under 70 minutes-is how effortlessly he gives the film to Zucchini, never once letting the corruption of the adult world stain My Life as a Zucchini's lively hues and livelier magnanimity.
Seeing the world through a child's eyes can be pretty eye-opening. Watching My Life as a Zucchini, the altogether marvelous and Oscar-nominated stop-action animated film by director Claude Barras, that world is one you will not soon forget.
The movie can be funny and heartbreaking at once-Zucchini's only keepsake of his mother is an empty beer can-though in the end what registers most is the children's resilience when "there's nobody left to love us."
A bit like an animated Short Term 12, focused on the residents instead of the staff. But it's also its own lovely little thing.
This French movie uses remarkably expressive stop-motion animation to create an honesty and sense of whimsy that help offset the darkness of the intrinsic story.
Along with the kids' sorrow, Barras works uplift and lightness into the story, and there are moments of great joy.
Animated films have the stigma that they're only for kids, but My Life As a Zucchini proves that it can be just for adults too.
Simply a lovely film, with some of the most striking - and haunting - animation I've ever seen, and full of a remarkable and palpable warmth and humanity.
"Zucchini" is timeless in its gritty, realistic examination of how children process tragedy and disappointment.
The film is a real rarity, made even more so by the fact that what has moved us so profoundly are a bunch of pop-eyed plasticine figures.
The sins of the fathers (and mothers) are visited upon the children in Claude Barras's brief, stop-motion tale of little ones finding love among the ruins.
Best of all, their colors are smooth and intense like finger paints. Remember them? These radiant colors that recall Pedro Almodovar at his dreamlike best. My Life as a Zucchini is an animated film for gay kids of all ages.
Barras' direction keeps the film from being neither sentimental nor heavy-handed as it weaves an exquisite, compassionate tale about overcoming tragedy to find a new sense of family.
Captivating and wonderfully dark Oscar-nominated take on childhood fears and romance. In French from Switzerland.
This stop-motion film from France does what the greatest children's stories do: it refuses to avoid darkness, fear, and sorrow.
A film where the eyes of the characters dictate the internal rhythm of a drama as deep and delicate as it is accurate. [Full review in Spanish]
Kids don't always need talking animals for entertainment. The more challenging, rewarding goal is to meet children halfway, seeing them without judgment for who they are.
Alcoholism. Grief. Loss. Not the first subjects you think of when you're watching an animated children's film. But Claude Barras' My Life as a Zucchini incorporates all three with an enormous amount of tenderness.
It may not sound like it, but calling this barely 70-minute Swiss stop-motion film "heavy" - as in substantial and almost swollen with feeling - is a true compliment.
It's well worth seeking out for older kids who don't mind reading subtitles, their parents, and any adults who can appreciate a good story movingly and creatively told.
There may be a few overly wistful moments here, but in the main it's an affecting portrait of a group of unlucky but resilient children.
It's a lovely little animated film, but it is French, so at any moment its cast of 9-year-olds can suddenly start talking about sex.
Sometimes the simplest and most predictable stories can resonate far past their apparent limitations. My Life as a Zucchini is one of those.
It's a brief film, clocking in at barely 70 minutes, but Zucchini is also far more heartfelt and resonant than so many cacophonous family films.
Perfection also exists and you can see it in this film recommended only to the most daring and intelligent. [Full review in Spanish]
A great film full of sensitivity that knows exactly what it wants and how to show it. [Full review in Spanish]
My Life As A Zucchini takes on heavy subject matter with a light hand, and comes up with a delightful tale that is equal parts wrenching and uplifting.
The character work here is both intimate and nicely compressed. But the movie really gets to its most sublime heights visually.
My Life As a Zucchini is a deft work of empathy, and unlike a few of its fellow animation Oscar contenders, it works on a more intimate scale, without a big message or master thesis to carry it to its conclusion.
'My Life as a Zucchini' shows us the true meaning of kindness and empathy. It is a tonic in the harsh world we all inhabit. The film is charming and different from most American animated features
For the U.S. version, the French voice cast has been replaced by an English one. But no matter what language it's in, My Life as Zucchini never sacrifices what's true for what's trite. This is animation as an art form, inspiring and indelible.
Magical is not an oversize word for this exquisite film.
A heartfelt, poignant movie, and further proof that animation is a viable means with which to tell complex human stories.
This child is immensely charming in any language.
An upbeat, even charming look at the lives of a group of orphans living in a French group home.
You'll want the original French-language version ... worth seeing for its voice work and what it does freely with its dialogue.
Nothing really happens in the day-to-day life in the orphanage and that is exactly what grabs and hold you as you watch "My Life as a Zucchini."
a serious look at how children survive all sorts of terrible trials. But despite some darkness, "My Life as a Zucchini" is a charming, often hilarious stop motion animation crafted with exceptional expressiveness.
As unexpectedly enchanting as its title is initially perplexing, "My Life as a Zucchini" is short but oh so satisfyingly bittersweet, an example of the kind of movie magic that's always hard to find.
The animation technique is in some ways cruder than the digital dazzle that kids see all the time, but also more soulful.
Some of the happenings are unlikely in any culture, but as seen from a child's eye, this Zucchini stands tall.
The movie is a pleasure to look at, and often genuinely sweet, but it's also akin to scaring the crap out of a little kid for 30 seconds and then smothering her with cotton candy for an hour.
My Life as a Zucchini is an unfortunate title for a movie that braves such dark emotional territory.
Easily one of the best animated movies I've ever seen.
An amazing film that has a beautiful cover as well as the best from its director. [Full review in Spanish]
Here's the best European animated film of 2016. Warning! You might die of tenderness after watching it. [Full review in Spanish]
The film circumvents bleakness with a thoroughgoing commitment to understanding and intimacy.
It understands how capture the anxiety of childhood, but also its vibrancy and its joys.
The main reason to commit to this movie's tough story of orphan loneliness is the screenplay by Céline Sciamma, herself a major French talent devoted to tales of youthful resilience (Girlhood).
Downbeat, dark, and often genuinely unpleasant, Zucchini is every bit as quintessentially French as Zootopia is American. This is brutal existentialism as observed through the eyes of society's castoffs.
My Life as a Zucchini is so warm, so alive, that we forget we're watching cartoon figures.
The film's frankness is what gives it emotional resonance, drawing us into the plight and lives of its inhabitants.
Animated drama about orphan is touching, unforgettable.
As Zucchini bonds with friends, My Life blossoms into an intensely moving tale of recovery about kids who realize the secret to their survival lies in holding onto the frayed but beautiful friendships they share.
It is a wish upon a star fulfilled.
A reminder that being gifted such a tender and thoughtful observation of childhood is all too rare unless Sciamma is involved.
Creates a deeply felt sense of tender fragility.
A sad story about abandonment and loss of innocence where love saves everything, with animation full of different textures that enrich and soften the Fontaines orphanage's characters. [Full review in Spanish]
Much of the directness in the film's attitude to difficult issues is surely down to Sciamma, whose own projects Girlhood and Water Lilies didn't shy away from the conflicts of growing up.
Despite the movie's bruised heart the film is often sweet and funny, and the obvious affection for the orphans and their caretakers shines through.
This supremely humane and moving film concludes that kindness and courage can help one do the only thing that is truly possible: make the best out of the situation.
An achingly melancholy stop-motion animation about childhood tragedy, abandonment and the malleable nature of family.
Lovingly told and gorgeously rendered.
It's incredible how deeply you fall in love with the characters in a film that runs for a succinct 66-minutes ...
The tough subject matter doesn't detract from the fact that the picture and its poignant elements make for an unadorned delight.
The animation is simple and no-frills, but the movie's strength lies in its hopeful, and not naïve, outlook and its convincing evocation of childhood.
Barras has bravely tackled an almost taboo subject and made it palatable and manageable for children and adults alike.
Sustains a tone that acknowledges that life is a blend of good news and bad but that kindness and compassion can cut through a great deal of soul-crushing adversity.
On one hand, the cartoon is never afraid to be cute, but more importantly, it's committed to being real.

@highlight

My Life as a Zucchini 's silly title and adorable characters belie a sober story whose colorful visuals delight the senses even as it braves dark emotional depths.