Soft-centred and bland though it is as a version of [Henry] James, the McGehee-Siegel What Maisie Knew is worth seeing for the performances.
The acting is marvellous - never teetering into easy caricature - while the drama is sensitive, humorous and tear-jerking.
Henry James's complicated and courageous novel has been distilled down to a screed about the dangers and consequences of bad parenting.
Esta é a grande tragédia dos maus pais: o fato de não merecerem o amor incondicional que recebem dos pequenos seres que destroem com tanta facilidade.
It's often-heartbreaking stuff, but never feels manipulative, mostly because the movie puts itself in Maisie's shoes. Strongly recommended
Scott McGehee and David Siegel's adaptation commendably preserves the book's child perspective even if it doesn't quite match the characteristically dark shades of the author's moral fare.
A superb, moving film, it's a tribute to author Henry James that his 1897 story could prove so illuminating when adapted for the 21st century. Performances throughout are terrific, seeped as they are in guilt, resentment and confusion.
The filmmakers, Scott McGehee and David Siegel, seem not at all intimidated by Henry James's formidable prose.
Some scenes are tinged with dark comedy; some are heartrending; and some fuse the two, as when Maisie comforts a tearful friend during a sleepover in Susanna's huge Manhattan townhouse, while the delinquent grown-ups indulge themselves downstairs.
[Onata Aprile's] tremendously-believable on-screen spirit reminds us how resilient children can be.
What Maisie Knew runs its titular, newly-orphaned moppet through so many heartbreaking scenarios and encounters, I was stirred to start drawing up the adoption papers myself.
This accomplished film is closer to Kramer vs Kramer or middle-period Woody Allen than it is to James. But that is no bad place to be.
Even though this drama is based on a 115-year-old novel, it feels powerfully timely today in the way it recounts events surrounding a particularly grim divorce.
Vanderham and Skarsgård put in career bests; Moore - and this is really saying something - hasn't been this impressive since Safe.
[A] beautifully acted, thought-provoking drama that skilfully updates Henry James's little-read 1897 novella to the modern era.
A rather sentimental, precious tale, and the important sense of Maisie growing up and learning about the world and its failings doesn't come through.
Handsomely shot and stopping just short of cloying sentiment, this is an accomplished, engaging work.
Whenever Moore is off screen - the only character with size-10 oomph - the film risks evaporating altogether. Moral: it isn't that easy to modernise Henry James.
Impressively directed and superbly written, this is a powerfully emotional and strikingly perceptive drama with excellent performances from a note-perfect cast.
McGehee and Siegel never find a way to really get inside Maisie's head.
Sensitive and almost unwatchably perceptive about dysfunctional families -- and it's acted with knife-sharp precision.
An intimate story of repeated betrayal, five terrific performances get this movie over some rocky terrain, including a pat resolution.
With brilliant performances from Julianne Moore and newcomer Onata Aprile, this touching portrayal of a marriage breakdown is at times an uncomfortable watch as it focuses its attentions on the child stuck in the middle.
The young Aprile is a standout in a moving, hard-hitting and surprising adaptation of the Henry James novel.
Seen through the eyes of a six-year-old, this film about the spectre of divorce makes for haunting viewing indeed.
If anything, Maisie as a character is a little too indefatigable; once in a while, you'd love her to throw a huge screaming tantrum and let her wretched parents know just what children they're being.
My main reservation about this film is that it is so heavy handed. But I hasten to extract the wonderful young Onata Aprile from that observation; beautifully directed and photographed, Aprile is so good as to make us question if she is acting
This is a sad tale with too many recognisable glimpses of the world in which we live
What Maisie Knew squares its emotions believably, provoking upset and anger at its scenes of collateral damage, but also inspiring respect for the resilience of youth.
Capturing the essence of the source novel, this is a superior adult drama. Harrowing, heartbreaking but utterly compelling.
The film begins ham-handedly and ends in a puddle of mawkishness, but most everything in between is sharply observed and wounding to watch.
Both Moore and Coogan are note-perfect.
This is a film that deals in subtle details, and its value lies in the way the filmmakers draw out small moments of surprise or truth from the familiar scenario.
It's far from the first story of a child dealing with the consequences of parental break-up -- but it may be one of the best.
The worthwhile subject matter becomes trivialized.
The film is touching, filled with taste and care, but not enough to avoid being coy and sentimental.
A wonderful modernized re-telling of the 1897 Henry James short story.
It's an intimate, well-acted and nuanced film that provides a fresh angle on an all-too-familiar struggle.
Onata Aprile is never showy and always authentic, a rare find in a child actor. In fact, she is one of the most self-possessed actors I've seen of any age.
On the surface, this indie does sound like standard-issue material, but its dynamics are far more complex than its simple exterior.
A movie that's much easier to admire than to actually enjoy, no matter how well done or acted.
What Maisie Knew gives the audience a ground-eye view of its mesmerizing title character, a plucky, charismatic New Yorker who navigates downtown bars and building lobbies with the street savvy of a pro.
The result is a film that deeply engages us on multiple levels. Not only do we wonder what Maisie knows and how she knows it, we want to get this seedling to a place where she won't have to be transplanted every day.
Onata Aprile's short career should blossom as people react to her subtle performance here.
It's a study of human nature, not at its worst, but at its most typically pathetic, and it goes to show that the more things don't change, the more they stay lousy.
Despite the big-name adults around her, it's the unknown Onata Aprile who is the star of this movie.
Gazing on Maisie, you want to know what she knows. That you can't is at once your dilemma and your opportunity, what adults must engage in order to be adults.
Intimate, unnerving and entirely addictive.
The aggravatingly manipulative What Maisie Knew feels, perhaps deliberately, as if its emotions were drawn in brightly colored crayon.
As Maisie, Aprile seems lit from within; a more vividly natural child actress I have trouble imagining.
The story is sad, but the talent involved in its telling is elating.
Despite a sensitive, mature performance from Onata Aprile as Maisie, the girl remains withdrawn and opaque throughout. In telling this sad story from her perspective, it never quite plugs in to what Maisie felt.
"What Maisie Knew" packs a surprising emotional punch, one that stays with you for a while when the movie's over.
Mischievous updating of the Henry James novel, made especially moving by young Onata Aprile.
An almost uncomfortably plausible depiction of the effects of bad parenting on a fragile psyche.
This is exactly the kind of film that David and I live to write about. A true team effort --- great writing, directing and acting.
The adult actors are all terrific, yet it is the remarkable Onata Aprile who is the glue that holds this little gem together.
One might compare 'What Maisie Knew' to 'Kramer vs. Kramer.' This is the better film, more subtle and less manipulative.
Henry James wrote the source novel in 1897, but its relevance to today's world of overworked, self-obsessed parents is downright eerie.
What Maisie Knew" is about the erosion of innocence in the midst of plenty, yet it rarely feels heavy-handed, so serene is its own faith in its tiny heroine's strength.
Selfishness and cruelty never go out of style, which might explain why this millennial update of Henry James's 1897 novel works so well.
The kid is goofy-sweet and innocent, with a bewildered expression that could charm even a pizza delivery man.
The camera is often at Maisie's eye level, emphasizing how adults are seen by the perceptive Maisie. The sad-eyed Aprile's honest portrayal is heart-wrenching.
She still believes that the world is an enchanted place that cannot hurt her. She does not understand what is going on around her, but we do.
A raw, uncomfortable examination of a family torn apart by two parents who love their daughter only half as much as they love themselves.
Porn industry 1, Henry James 0.
Screenwriters...contemporize the 1897 Henry James novel with smart choices and directors McGehee and Siegel elicit fine performances from their cast, but despite the material's modern relevance [the film] feels like a long build to a single punch line.
McGehee and Siegel -- as well as the adult cast -- are to be commended for keeping the film's depiction of marital strife from falling into melodrama and goopy sentimentality.
Without losing the 19th century author's sensibility, screenwriters Carroll Cartwright and Nancy Doyne have brought into the modern age James' unforgiving examination of the effect of a messy divorce on a child.
Searing and sad, with Julianne Moore and Steve Coogan at their fiercely-unlikable best.
The film hits home thanks to a stunning performance by Onata Aprile. At age 7, Aprile has mastered the steepest challenge in screen acting: reacting in an engaging way.
It could make you angry, or open up old wounds, but in the best possible way. Let's get riled up, let's take it personally.
Most movies about divorce and fractured families play up the tumultuous melodrama, but What Maisie Knew goes for something much quieter and more profound. It's a subtly ambitious film that's smartly written, beautifully acted, and perfectly directed.
The film raises more uncomfortable questions about Maisie's uncertain future than it ever answers, but that's in keeping with the emotional honesty the filmmakers are striving for.
Wrenching drama about child custody can spark discussion.
Directing partners Scott McGehee and David Siegel go more mainstream and downstream with this modern-day, loose riff on Henry James' late-19th-century novel.
We experience her upsets without the leavening of outside interferences. And because Aprile is such an intuitive performer, we are always searching her face for the imprint of her suffering.
Cinema buffs should see this for the great performances all around, the way that New York feels when it's not being rushed, and for an overall tenderness that's most welcome.
The actors are all very good. Moore, in particular, has a frightening intensity. If Maisie can deal with this banshee, she's prepared for anything.
Some moviegoers may opt for an easier cinematic pleasure than this carefully crafted, discomforting look at familial misery in hyper drive, but it is the most provocative movie about parenting I've seen since The Kids Are All Right.
Yes, these people are cliches. But they know it. And so do the actors, who push past the stereotypes to slowly show us that perhaps these young and rather unimportant people are far more grown-up and involved than anyone else around them.
This is a fine idea for a PSA TV commercial, but (a) they already did it back in the '70s and (b) it goes on well past the 30-second mark.
"What Maisie Knew" lays waste to the comforting dogma that children are naturally resilient, and that our casual, unthinking cruelty to them can be answered by guilty and belated displays of affection.
Directors Scott McGehee and David Siegel, abetted by an astute scriptfrom Nancy Doyne and Carroll Cartwright, find something sadly timeless in a child torn apart in a custody battle that no one wins, least of all the child.
It fails to bring much insight to what essentially amounts to a massive parental guilt trip.
"What Maisie Knew" is an indictment of those who do not realize that innocence is not something to be scorned and used, but cherished and protected.
Both of these actors have been great before and will be great again. But in this bleak indie bummer that confuses hopelessness with depth, they're really nothing more than selfish, one-dimensional monsters.
A mesmerizing screen adaptation of a Henry James novel about parenting and the importance of a tender and nurturing love.
Poignant and exemplary, this is one of the best films of 2013.
Since moving into domestic subjects, their (Scott McGehee and David Siegel's) footing has been less sure, and you'll resent What Maisie Knew's tidy conclusion.
The film is admirably committed to simulating the messy experience of life as a real Maisie might live it.
The film lives and breathes with Aprile's performance. She has a wonderful watchfulness..She sees all; how much she understands is probably shocking.
A heartbreakingly perceptive illustration of the axiom that when parents get divorced, the ones most affected are the children.
This beautifully observed drama essentially strikes the same sad note for 98 minutes, though with enough sensitivity and emotional variation to make the experience cumulatively heartrending.
Tasteful melodrama benefits from uniformly strong performances.
There is much anger, betrayal, and cruelty as the girl's watchful eyes take in everything and she learns, slowly, what she must do to survive.
David Siegel and Scott McGehee's film renders the rhapsodic Henry James novel of the same name into an abhorrent slice of tasteless familial drama.
Onata Aprile - A star is born.
What Maisie Knew is a fascinating movie about what goes on inside the mind of a child when their parents divorce.
A progressively heartbreaking piece of work...
The film's simple strategy of filming always from Maisie's height whenever she is present works amazingly well, an object lesson in how point of view can be what matters most.
This modern-day adaptation of Henry James's novel about a child shuttled back and forth between her divorced parents features an excellent performance from newcomer Onata Aprile.
Whether or not there is story plausibility here, there is an emotional integrity to every reaction Maisie has to every development.


@highlight

It's undeniably difficult to watch at times, but What Maisie Knew ultimately rises on the strength of its solidly sourced script, powerful performances, and empathetic direction.