[Slaboshpitsky] has succeeded in being audaciously willful: by taking away a large part of what we respond to in a film-the aural elements-he makes it difficult for us to watch, but if you make the effort it becomes equally difficult to look away from.
The Tribe is about revealing what is hidden from the conventional world, or that which it tends to ignore.
Attention must be paid when a film as formally audacious as The Tribe comes along.
Once you are accustomed to the manners and methodology of the film, what remains is the story. And in this one, it's thin gruel
Chilling and creepy, [The Tribe] is a film that demands your attention, makes you think, and reminds us just how much we don't say when we speak.
With sexual and physical violence galore, an extended back-room abortion scene, and an unremitting wordlessness, this film is blisteringly difficult to watch.
The Tribe is a film that opens itself to endless conversations, whether they're about the nature of its storytelling or the story it chooses to tell.
There are many reasons to watch The Tribe but none of them are easy. The Tribe pushes the limits of filmmaking by engaging viewers in a completely different sensory experience.
The movie is leisurely as well as graphic in its representation of sex and violence and, predicated on long takes, is visceral in a wholly unexpected way.
Slaboshpitsky... has definitely delivered something rare and singular -- the sort of experience we hope to find in cinema, not just because it's new and we haven't seen it, but because it's truly stimulating work.
With The Tribe, the power of communication is restructured and re-examined, with a story that's strange and disturbing enough to haunt you.
A radical film that won't leave anyone indifferent or unimpressed and will stay in your mind forever. [Full review in Spanish]
The images created by Myroslav Slaboshpytskyi are so powerful that using actual words could break the illusion of the closed universe seen on screen. [Full review in Spanish]
A difficult film, rich in scenes that might not be for those who are sensitive. The Tribe is made with confidence and an overwhelming strenght to create hells that are hard to forget. [Full review in Spanish]
It would be a mistake to go along to this film unprepared - take note of that censor's warning. But it is a bold and brilliant work of great originality that will extend the horizons of even the most dedicated cineaste.
Imagine Michael Haneke adapting Lord of the Flies and you might have some sense of its chilly compulsiveness. ... It's a film that, once experienced, can't be unseen.
Slaboshpytskiy's film positions the viewer to recognise the astounding cinematography, the desolate setting and the compelling performances from a predominantly younger cast.
This is pure cinema where words are not necessary; the actions of the characters speak for themselves. And they speak oh so loudly... there is no way for the audience to cover their ears.
Easily the most intense movie experience of the the year, The Tribe is an unsettling examination of how the oppressed can become the oppressor.
Whether [Slaboshpytskiy] can achieve anything so innovative after The Tribe may be an open question, but on the basis of this debut his ability to handle powerful drama looks extremely assured, even when it's excruciating to watch.
The movie features no music, and no words, yet some moments are so powerful and visceral that I still caught myself covering my ears.
While The Tribe often makes for troubling, confrontational viewing, it is ferociously engaging. Stripped of dialogue, this is cinema of high-wire purity: muscular, precise, emotionally complex -- and surprisingly easy to follow.
The Tribe shows that you don't need dialogue to communicate.
It's a movie Samuel Beckett would have loved, exploding with language but existentially acknowledging both how little is communicated and how much humanity we share regardless.
The Tribe revels in the distance it leaves between its audience and its characters, but in placing viewers on the outside, it also creates an experience that's almost perversely empathetic.
The end result is like nothing else out there and while the violence that accompanies the characters' fates requires a strong stomach, this is a compelling experiment in pure cinema that's worth experiencing.
What sets The Tribe from any other youth crime film is the way it's told, challenging the viewer every step of the way. [Full review in Spanish]
The Tribe is constantly riveting, and even if there is one other movie without spoken dialogue this year, Shaun the Sheep Movie, you still won't see anything else like it.
This is a challenging film that's not for everyone. Yet there's no denying its brilliant concept and its raw cinematic power.
It must overcome its gimmick, or become a footnote. Slaboshpitsky succeeds by using a language that crosses all social and cultural barriers: violence. Also, sex.
Despite the...longueurs 'The Tribe' is certainly a dark and powerful portrait of the grim goings-on at a school where violence plays a far greater role than education, told in a fashion that can't help but fascinate.
An intriguing, unique story done a disservice by some frustrating directorial choices. Leaving it untranslated means we only get the broad strokes where I want details.
The lack of spoken words or score also heightens the natural sound to a magnified impact in a film that's hardly lacking impact.
There is nothing else like The Tribe, at once a searing, singular vision of a particular time and place and a brutal metaphor for the wounded human condition.
All of it makes for a unique cinematic experience, an ambitious work that relies on its audience taking a leap of faith. Those that do will be rewarded.
If there's one place where love has no place, it's here.
A bleak, daring drama from Ukraine.
It's a cinematic tightrope act, and it is to Slaboshpitsky's credit that he pulls it off.
The Tribe isn't afraid to shed blood, but its stiff acting, disgusting depiction of sex, and inability to completely comprehend the film's message is crippling to the film's overall enjoyment.
If "The Tribe" were set in the hearing world, its desolation would seem reductive and forced, a pose rather than a statement. Without words, the movie becomes a nihilistic fable and, indeed, something unheard of until now. It's silent opera.
While The Tribe does at times feel designed to be shocking, it also demands that you pay attention in a way that we're not used to paying attention in the movies.
For those who can take it, "The Tribe" is a movie of undeniable emotional power, unlike anything you've seen before.
The lack-of-language barrier is the least of its problems.
Based on Slaboshpytskiy's experience as a crime reporter and on stories of Ukraine's "deaf Mafia," it's less a social portrait than an experiment in shaking up the balance of our senses: A tale of no sound, just fury.
Visually, it's striking. Narratively, it's one long nightmare of confrontation and misery.
The Tribe builds to a revolution in your attention, forcing you to change not just how you watch the film but how you feel its characters, but director Miroslav Slaboshpitsky is sly enough to ease you in.
A stunning examination of teenage cruelty, exploitation, and crime that refuses to give us the satisfaction of identifying with the characters.
The many characters introduced as "The Tribe" may be nameless, but you get to know all of them and their motivations, criminal and otherwise.
This striking film is a revealing document of a time. It is deadly quiet, yet what it says will stay with you for days.
Overlong and not always successful in its storytelling, Slaboshpitsky consistently returns to sex and violence to shore up a weak plot about a guy who falls for the wrong girl.
Alternate[s] between the ragged and the well-wrought, between objet d'art and the incidentally observed, between extended long takes and icy tableaux. And even when the motives are unclear, the intensely gestural performances fascinate.
the whole body communication that encompasses sign language pulls us into the film like trying to listen to someone who's whispering. We engage more...find ourselves doing things like 'sharing' interior monologues
As a whole experience, The Tribe is definitely unusual -- and I suspect will prove haunting in the memory.
[I]t's a successful experiment, but as a worthwhile story, the movie falls disappointingly short.
It's a whole other world. And it can be quite frightening and disturbing.
An audacious and successful gamble from a first-time feature filmmaker who is now officially on his way.
A startlingly original, at times unbearably intense drama from Ukraine that - on a moment-to-moment, scene-by-scene basis - blows up expectations on every level: narratively, visually and in terms of performance.
The Tribe is a brilliant formal achievement that marks Ukrainian writer-director Miroslav Slaboshpitsky as a filmmaker to watch.
It's got a story every bit as bold and fearless as its approach - the kind of primal story that's beyond the ken of language.
Slaboshpitsky frames his problematic protagonists with painterly meticulousness, their feral posturing and nakedness conveyed with improbable beauty.
I can safely say, with unequivocal authority, that you have never experienced anything like Myroslav Slaboshpytskiy's The Tribe.
Winds up feeling like a gimmick, artificial and alarmist instead of authentic and revealing.
The Tribe is just as brutal in its depiction of casual depravity as it is in its bursts of extreme violence. If you can make it past the final five minutes without wincing, more power to you.
...a deeply immersive experience, one that made me feel like a sense-deprived stranger in an unfamiliar world.
Miroslav Slaboshpitsky's study of teenage tribalism and the brutal adherence to a gangland-style hierarchy is a grimy, gripping, unrelenting vision.
An intriguing setting and risky but successful no-dialogue or -subtitles approach is undermined by a dark plot that grows increasingly off-putting. The cinematography though is superb.
Slaboshpytskiy doesn't attempt to get inside the psychology of these people, or expand the meanings, political or otherwise, of their descent.
One need not read it as a metaphor for the director's homeland to appreciate the movie as a tour de force.
Any expectations of conventional enjoyment must be checked at the door. Nevertheless, the film stands as a singular achievement.
Even with its numerous issues, the film remains a must-watch for movie lovers and anyone who appreciates filmmakers who take bold steps in uncharted directions to tell stories in unconventional ways.
There's an undeniable power to the way The Tribe plays with our senses.
An utter astonishment.
Full of sadness and stubbornness and a kind of cosmic anger, it seeks abandon through destruction, starting with humanity's first and best crutch: language.
The Tribe grabs you almost immediately.
As an amazing piece of pure cinema, The Tribe needs to be experienced. And talked about.
It's hard, in some ways, to take. Yet, it is also so inventive and so unbendingly determined that it will be equally hard to erase from the mind.
It toys with our pity, then it toys with our outrage, then it toys with our identification. Before we know it, we've been sucked into its wicked, all-too-human drama.
Story-wise, "The Tribe" is yet another art-film wallow in cruelty, not nearly as unique as its looks and its world.
It's a staggering film, but not a brilliant one - a superior version would have played more with the gulf between our senses and theirs.
In the end, [director Myroslav] Slaboshpytskiy pushes his story beyond plausibility, or it may be that he was striving for allegory all along...it's unclear.
It's something of a formal tour de force, a triumphant overcoming of self-imposed cinematic challenges.
By the end, The Tribe has revealed itself as so original, and so chilling, it's likely to leave you speechless.
It's about a lot of things-the insularity of the deaf, the enforcement of conformist rituals, and self-determination-but it's also a clarifying experience as a moviegoer.
...there's an undeniably compelling frisson in the The Tribe's unique mixture of brutality and silence.
If Slaboshpitsky retrofitted his tiresome screenplay with sign language because he wanted to prove that everyone, no matter their circumstances, is only human, I can think of a dozen much less dimwitted strategies he might have employed.
The Tribe is a singular, fascinating experiment, but that's about all it is. It gives gimmicks a good name, without ever transcending its own.
This movie won't let you sit back -- instead, you lean forward, utterly involved in what you're seeing.
Wants to make us feel lost and out of control, much like (if nowhere near exactly like) its characters and actors.
In what amounts to pantomime, the actors convey more psychologically and reveal more about their characters than 99 percent of the films coming out of Hollywood today. Bravo!
So vigorous are those signs, and so unmistakably sore is the inflammation of feeling behind them, that, far from being shut out, we are pulled all too fiercely into the drama's heart.
While the absence of verbal language presents no barrier to engagement, scenes of almost unwatchable squalor offer a potentially insurmountable challenge.
Pretty much every single thing about The Tribe is impressive.
This uncompromising rites-of-passage allegory is a sign of the times.
A disturbing and extraordinary work.
The Tribe, the first feature from Kiev-born Myroslav Slaboshpytskiy is, by any standards, a remarkable achievement.
The absence of music and spoken dialogue enriches expressiveness rather than denuding it, so that what appeared to be a deficit is repositioned as a gain: not a bad philosophy to arrive at for a film presenting disability to a largely able-bodied world.
Some films are made to leave you speechless; for some experiences, there can be no words.
The Tribe is a violent, cinematic shock to the system: a core-rattling experience that's paradoxically engaging and alienating.
Boldly full-on about sex and violence, as well as its underlying themes, this Ukrainian drama refuses to let the audience off lightly...
Beyond the film-stealing, hypnotic use of sign-language, what we get is a bleak vision of a society gone to pot.
You'll want to bathe your eyeballs afterwards but The Tribe does something that's never been attempted before - and probably never will be again.
Slaboshpytskiy has stated that, 'It's been my dream to pay homage to the silent movie,' and the result is a relentlessly bleak and brutal coming-of-age drama that makes for mesmerising viewing.
Slaboshpytskiy's gambit is to thrust us into the domain of the deaf by eliminating the spoken word and withholding subtitled translation for the flurried sign language, making this a truly and pointedly silent movie.
A substantive emotional compendium that's passionately, hypnotically shattering.
It's a tough film ... and one that makes its audience feel as lost in its characters' world as its characters might well be in ours.
A stark and strangely mesmerising take on contemporary silent cinema... for anyone interested in the language of filmmaking itself, The Tribe is a movie that demands to be seen
The film is more interested in performance and symbolism than in the meaning of its characters' words or their substitutive gestures.
A uniquely riveting experience sure to inspire an array of reactions-speechlessness included.
There are few films that compel me to cover my eyes. That "The Tribe" did so more than once says something about how deeply disturbing it is.
You've seen juvenile delinquent movies. You may also have seen films about bleak conditions in the former Soviet Union (there are a lot of them). But you've never seen anything like The Tribe -- nor heard anything like it.
Compelling, upsetting, brutal and brilliant, The Tribe is one of the best works of cinema of the year - a familiar template recreated in what, for most, will be an entirely new world.
Arty, edgy, and bleak, The Tribe fails the plausibility test
The Tribe is a singular experience, even if it's in service to shallow themes and characters who feel more archetypical than real.
While the specifics remain uncertain, it's never particularly difficult to keep up with the movie's pace, since their actions speak plainly enough -- and sometimes add far more expressiveness than any verbal exchanges could provide.
A strange and oddly immersive film that makes it audience really work but in the end delivers something rare and original.
The use of sign language, deafness and silence itself adds several heady new ingredients to the base material, alchemically creating something rich, strange and very original.
Actions, emotions and desperate impulses speak far louder than words in The Tribe, a formally audacious coup de cinema that marks a stunning writing-directing debut for Ukrainian filmmaker Myroslav Slaboshpytskiy.
I can't stop thinking about it.
A sad, shocking and undeniably harrowing dramatic reflection of Ukraine with the searing truthful lens of a stylistic documentary treatment (at times similar to that of Austrian auteur Ulrich Seidl).
The piece de resistance is a taboo subject that unfolds in an elaborate single take. It was so harrowing I would have applauded if it would not have been completely inappropriate for the subject matter to do so.
The film's second half descends into increasingly explicit and shocking displays of violence, and, in fact, all of The Tribe is defined by either overheated emotions or extreme actions.
[I]t was a thrill to discover something so bold, innovative, and downright wayward.
The Tribe was by far the most hard-hitting and vivid work in the [Cannes Film] festival.
It might sound glib, but it's the literal truth: "The Tribe" left us speechless.

@highlight

A bleak, haunting drama whose wordless dialogue speaks volumes, The Tribe is a bold, innovative take on silent films for a contemporary audience.