Obviously, I know so little about what came before this film but when did it switch from a multimillion-dollar low budget porn to a Jason Bourne series.
... a lurid exercise in superficial excess that fails to make any meaningful emotional connection, which hardly matters to the source material's legions of voyeuristic devotees.
It's not just that it's badly made, badly acted, horrifically written and lazily directed. It's that it's actively bad for people. It's a blight on humanity.
These sequels are wet noodles.
It's not a movie at all, but a sex toy with dialogue.
Its makers have somehow convinced themselves that there's not only a story we care about, but an arc to be followed.
Easily the best of the Fifty Shades movies...
If you go into Fifty Shades Freed with no expectations, a sense of humor, and wine, you'll have a good time.
Fifty Shades Freed tries to be grittier, attempting to be like a thriller, and failing miserably, I wouldn't even know what category to put this under...
The story of an entitled snob who marries a snob-in-training who enjoys being treated like garbage.
...all very basic. [Full Review in Spanish]
I'm sure any soft-porn tape has a better story and better sex. [Full Review in Spanish]
While nowhere near the best picture of 2018, Fifty Shades Freed does prove itself to be a tantalizing, sultry, and seductive conclusion to the saga of Anastasia Steele and Christian Grey.
This repetitive, glassy-eyed finale feels more like a weak victory lap, offering little pleasure but plenty of lifestyle porn (not to mention product placement) by way of luxury cars, a decadent Paris honeymoon and an enviable alpine view bubble bath.
Even the likable stars, Jamie Sidegroin and Dakota Frontboob, can do nothing with material that has grown more tedious with each installment.
I wish I knew the safe word so I could escape the cinema early.
While it has more and more explicit sex scenes than Fifty Shades Darker, they are presented with clinical disinterest.
Why do things like this happen? Why?
Just know your rules and their limits and stick to them. That's better than any half-hearted compromise or tepid sex play. Now that's what it means to be "Freed."
...poor quality. [Full REview in Spanish]
Freed appeals to women's biological urges-to secure a protective mate, to nest, to procreate-and depends on them leaving their brains at the theater door.
It's a heightened version of a Cinemax movie in the mid 90's.
The Fifty Shades trilogy is an incredibly inept addition to the genre, with padded scenes, no narrative spark whatsoever, and silly coincidences about Christian's troubled past that stand in for revelations that may lead to mending.
Fifty Shades Freed is a totally selfish lover who will never give you what you want.
If you want to see a movie that deals with sadomasochism in a serious way, this movie isn't it.
At this point, the only reason to tune in is to see what completely idiotic outside force now threatens our two lovebirds.
It took only a few minutes of Fifty Shades Freed - directed, like the second installment, by the once-reputable James Foley (Glengarry Glen Ross) - to make me long for freedom from this particular cinematic dungeon.
For about a minute into the movie, I thought there was a chance this was going to be an actual film but then the dialogue began and it went straight to fanfic.
Strictly designed for [its] huge fanbase of suburban wives and soccer mums, this high-gloss mommy porn schlock isn't interested in winning over any new fans as our daring duo take on the most sado-masochistic adventure of all - marriage.
... the weakest film of the whole franchise. [Full review in Spanish]
This lumbering trilogy of trash based on the books by E. L. James has so run out of blood and oxygen that it has varicose veins.
This finale is the weakest of the three. The two stars look like they are going through the motions a bit. The script is trite.
Instead, we're left with a film that's bland rather than bad, wasteful of talent and time.
Like its predecessors, Fifty Shades Freed almost seems structured like a musical except it stops every few minutes for a steamy sexual encounter rather than a song.
Although the film should stand out for its narrative and cinematic value, something that is completely lacking in this saga, the only good thing that can be rescued is its soundtrack. [Full Review in Spanish]
These movies are derivative, often ridiculous, and, in the case of Fifty Shades Freed, unquestionably hilarious, but they're also the overheated comfort food I crave.
The film isn't even sexy. The sex scenes are just strange and awkward; and the relationship, like I said, is so toxic that you can't really get any enjoyment out of those scenes either. It's just a giant disappointing mess.
We're officially witnessing the cultural denouement of a trilogy that, if my math is correct, adds up to roughly 150 shades of embarrassment.
An end to a damp squib of a trilogy which sees Johnson as the only one to emerge unscathed.
The impersonally crafted, emptily realized, expensively produced movie gets its modicum of humanity from Dakota Johnson, who has the gift of simply seeming alive and present when she's on camera.
Many of the women at the screening I attended responded to Fifty Shades Freed as if it were a comedy. Perhaps they are on the right track.
It's escapism at its very finest, it looks visually stunning and you will be transported to a world of fantasy and imagination that is well worth the price of the ticket.
A film that goes out of its way to avoid entertaining anyone with a pulse.
Fifty Shades Freed thinks it's titillating and thrilling but those wise enough to see through its glossy exterior know it's just faking it.
By trading sexiness for melodrama and then subjecting us to a kidnapping subplot that is exceedingly ridiculous even by Lifetime Network standards, this movie is almost unwatchable.
A sequel so awful it needs to be described in detail to be believed. Therefore, a spoilereview.
How high do you have to get to endure this drivel? I'd say a whole dime bag's worth. Better to fry your brain that way then by subjecting your gray matter to Grey natter.
The best film in the trilogy. Yet considering the general awfulness of this franchise, this is the equivalent of saying it's better to lose only one finger rather than three in an industrial accident.
Destined for drunk-watching with your friends.
Lazy, vapid, unsexy, mind-numbing and poorly edited. A reminder of how far we've come from the Golden Age of American Cinema. It leaves you feeling nothing but relieved that the series is officially over.
If Christian Grey was ugly and worked at McDonald's he'd be either arrested or on an FBI watchlist.
Wants to be a thriller as well as a piece of soft-core erotica, but totally fails as either.
As a movie, Fifty Shades Freed is charmingly stupid. As a cultural artifact, it's an escapist commercial for how being rich is awesome that is both totally out of step with the national mood and a cheeky, possibly accidental comment on it.
Fifty Shades Freed brings the [trilogy] to its steamy, if risible, conclusion with a series of titillating sex scenes threaded together by a ludicrous plot.
I'm not certain if Fifty Shades Freed is marginally better than its predecessors, or if I've just grown accustomed to the awfulness of the franchise.
Although Fifty Shades Freed is mostly too boring to even work as camp, there are two moments where I did indeed laugh out loud and only one of them was of the inadvertent variety.
Never thought I would say this, but the thought of enduring even one more 30-foot-tall close-up of an erect nipple dripping with ice cream, chocolate, or spit is pure torture.
What a sorry state of affairs for moviegoers: all we want is a little coitus, but all we get is interruptus.
One problem is that Freed can't risk pushing the trilogy's S&M scenes any further without becoming seriously kinky, subversive or violent: To actually turn anyone on would be tantamount to a turn-off.
More often laughs are unintentional, depending on what Ana and Christian are doing before sex.
The climax, when it comes, is yet more of the fumbled plotting that has made the Fifty Shades films a trial to watch.
It limps to a finish and when it's over, I imagine that no one is happier to see the end than its two stars.
The series limps to the finish by overlaying the usual BDSM stuff on top of an uncommonly stupid thriller
Fifty Shades Freed is so unarousing that it could be used as therapy in a sex addiction clinic. The complete lack of intelligence and fun has got to be a factor.
While Christian and Ana remained handcuffed to the same spot, while also resisting its uncensored, campy potential, Fifty Shades has proven to be neither a great love story nor a rousing erotic romance. Shameless, indeed.
Why this saga went from the tale of a young woman's introduction into the world of BDSM to a straight-to-DVD level kidnapping thriller is a mystery.
Few things seem to make men more uncomfortable than seeing women enjoy themselves.
You can tell a movie is running low on imaginative gas when it must work in a car chase, this one involving prominent display of Grey's spiffy Audi with Anastasia at the wheel.
With little else to keep me interested as the story stumbled along, I did enjoy keeping track of all the trendy names of various minor supporting characters.
The (more-of-the-same) closing chapter of an inconsequential trilogy, that never took the time to say something interesting, or at least show us something interesting to see. [Full review in Spanish]
Director James Foley has made some decent thrillers in his time but simply can't find a way to whip up any dramatic interest here whatsoever.
Fifty Shades is a veritable orgy of ineptitude and unprofessionalism - which might not be a problem, except that the film also insists on showing everyone at work all the time.
Comes with a distinctly nasty aftertaste that no amount of ice cream on the inner thigh can shift.
The Greys become the old married couple who are so boring that even their sex doesn't look particularly new anymore.
Third and final movie has more bland sex, even less plot.
My NYE resolution is to be more positive. I found something positive to say about Fifty Shades Freed. We're finally done with this crap and that is a positive. Right?
It could have been worse. Due in large part to Dakota Johnson's performance, Ana is interesting and somewhat independent.
My Fifty Shades of Grey fantasy: Anastasia Steele gets a restraining order against Christian Grey, writes a tell-all book about him, and becomes a #MeToo/#TimesUp heroine. Mmm, sexy.
Fifty Shades Freed's aim at the sexual thriller genre is (...) clearly filler; something to give the audience in between Ana and Christian's arguing, and the sex, which, after three films, is no longer shocking in any way.
More sex means less chatter. That's a good thing, because Dornan is much more eloquent when wrapping his tongue around nipples and ice cream than the hot garbage in the script.
But seriously, for a movie that's supposed to be the final stroke in some kind of galactic-level movie orgasm, they sure picked the people least likely to make that happen.
They're actually ... a boring couple, truth be told.
It's a campy mix of wealth porn and affirmative consent fantasy.
Naked. Handcuffs. Lather. Rinse. Repeat.
Tiresome conclusion that's particularly ill-timed with the focus on female empowerment in #MeToo and #Time'sUp.
Fifty Shades Freed brings the E.L. James' book-based trilogy to its climax with plenty of sex, overwrought drama, and unintentional humor.
Ends with a whimper and multiple bangs.
If only audiences could stop the horrors by shouting RED! at the screen.
Did someone say "freed" already? Yes, please. Red. Red. Red.
There are unintentional laughs in the plodding, clunky story, but the biggest laugh is the one this series has had on the audience for three movies.
The sex scenes are strangely mechanical and devoid of passion. It's probably a mixture of three things: directorial decisions, a lack of chemistry between the leads, and viewer apathy.
Now that it's finished, let us never speak of it again.
Actually really mostly pretty good.
... it's easy to get the feeling the two actors would rather be anywhere else than standing there trying to look romantic while ensnarled in another's arms.
Might as well be called "So I Married a Sociopath."
The best that can be said of the whole thing is that there won't be any more.
The most liberating thing about James Foley's Fifty Shades Freed is that it doesn't even try to make sense of Christian Grey.
The plot is more simplistic than in the previous ones... [Full review in Spanish]
two hours of cruel and unusual punishment . The zero-star rating may be too kind
The sex scenes are, save the occasional bit of exposed flesh or brandished toy, fairly mild -- Freed is probably the least provocative film of the trilogy.
Another unmemorable romp between the sheets.
Johnson and Dornan's performances are wooden and their chemistry nonexistent (particularly in the movie's more-of-the-same sex scenes), but think of it all as ultra-deadpan entertainment and it kind of works.
If liberation is the endgame of "Fifty Shades Freed," most of the time we feel trapped right alongside the characters, immobilized by the pointless, suffocating beauty and the stultifying dramatic inertia of the world James has created for them.
Why is there an umbrella stand in the Red Room?
There's plenty of artfully-lit airbrushed sex -- and unintended guffaws -- for those with a taste for midnight-movie-style chewy badness. Otherwise, the safe word should be "avoid."
More of an endless perfume commercial than a story, with beautiful people smooching (and more) in a series of increasingly luxurious settings and modes of transportation.
Fifty Shades Freed concludes the trilogy as it began, with a romance you can't believe in, endless montages of affluence, lousy dialogue, weak plotting, and -- admittedly -- a heck of a lot of sex.
...hopefully this is the final episode of a bad voyage. [Full Review in Spanish]
Fifty Shades Freed ends the franchise not with a whimper, nor a bang, but a Pinterest board of bad ideas involving storytelling, relationship advice, and general conduct.
Though it's difficult to discern the flavour of ice cream used in one so-called erotic encounter, it's probably vanilla.
I like these people. I'm rather sorry to see this series end.
Johnson has a sense of Anastasia not just as part of a pristinely arranged tableau but also as a sensualist, with all the attendant nerve endings and complex emotions that that implies.
Ana can now stand up to Christian's emotionally manipulative, controlling tendencies (remember, kink ain't the same as abuse, kids). She even shows agency once or twice. But what replaces it is just as risible.
Christian has always been the world's least exciting sex-obsessed billionaire, and in domesticated form, he just gets worse - cooking, weeping, playing Paul McCartney love songs on the piano.
If I can persuade just one of you to bypass its milquetoast masochism and watch the stratospherically superior "9 1/2 Weeks" instead, then I will have done my job.
Finally, we are freed of this franchise.
To her credit, Johnson actually turns in her best Shades stuff here ... Too bad it's not enough to save everything else about this whole silly affair's fumbling climax.
A saga of sadomasochistic romance reaches its end, in a well-produced, poorly acted and thoroughly unnecessary installment.
All the flaws apparent in the previous Fifty Shades films, they're apparent here. It's like the franchise (if you can call it that) never evolved.
It positions sex as just another facet of aspirational but unattainable wealth and lifestyle porn, which is incredibly unsexy.
Just turn off your brain and submit.
Christian is simply too needy and exhausting, and all the money in the world cannot disguise one tough, hard fact: Ana deserves better.
The biggest offender of this movie, beyond the toxic as hell masculinity, is that when it comes down to it, it's just not sexy-and I wanted it to be.
Is there room for both responsibility and butt-plugs in this crazy world?
This third chapter closes the book on all the hijinks we've endured for the past 6 years, finally giving the audience the release (pun intended) we've all been craving.
If you go to see this movie because you want to watch people have sex, I have this thing I want to tell you about called 'internet pornography.'
While still wildly improbable and unintentionally funny more often than not, this third chapter finally gives Ana a voice in this relationship other than to call out her safe word.
None of the films has found a way to reconcile the two purposes - sensuality and exposition - in a harmonious, graceful way that does not require excessive amounts of plodding dialogue.
Perhaps the most damning aspect of these movies is that Christian Grey is a bad guy, and his toxic masculinity contaminates the entire picture.
As the trilogy goes out, more desperate than ever to convince us it was in on the joke all along, it's hard to say exactly what the joke was.
Seriously though, was there a discussion of whether they should be lathering each other in "Chunky Monkey" or "The Tonight Dough?"
Tie me up, tie me down, make me watch bad films. Just no more "Fifty Shades," please.
It seems embarrassed to embrace its own pervy nature. It's kitsch that looks in the mirror and deludes itself into thinking it sees art staring back.
A hungry audience does get a sex scene where a pint of Ben & Jerry's Vanilla reappears in a nod to "Fifty Shades Darker," but like most of the movie, it's less sexy than it is silly.
As usual it's left entirely up to the beleaguered Johnson to make any of it even remotely watchable.
Fifty Shades Freed offers attractive leads in various states of undress, against picturesque locations, but precious little else to entertain or arouse us.
If you're still watching the third movie, you know what you're getting. Fifty Shades Freed certainly is another one!
At least this time, some of the laughs are intentional.
...marginally better than its predecessor in much the same way that being shot through the head is better than being guillotined...
Add it all up, and Fifty Shades Freed was pretty much doomed to be exactly the highly glossed, deeply tedious and incontrovertibly lousy pile of old rubbish that it is.
Just as the tortured hunk is finally free from his bondage, so am I from the relationship I have with this franchise.
This is a film in which one of the more emotionally detailed performances is given by a product-placement Audi.
The best that can be said of Fifty Shades Freed is that it offers the lasting relief of knowing the franchise won't ever be calling for another hook-up.
"Fifty Shades Freed" suffers from a lack of rhythm, moving from plot point to plot point with as much spontaneity as meal-planning for one's luxury penthouse household with one's housekeeper.
Finally, the "Fifty Shades" phenomenon has yielded a disarming comedy that makes this ridiculous material fun to watch.
Fifty Shades Freed ultimately authors its own most stinging rebuke, closing on an extended montage highlighting major moments and turning points from the trilogy. Tellingly, none of them come from this film.
A sex-free, PG-13 version of "Freed" could be cut without shedding a second of narrative coherence, such as it is; one could ask what the point of that would be, though similar queries might be leveled at the film as it stands.
Seriously, is this the best we can offer adults who don't want to watch Marvel movies?

@highlight

Fifty Shades Freed brings its titillating trilogy to a clumsy conclusion, making for a film franchise that adds up to a distinctly dissatisfying ménage à trois.