It would be a tour de force in a film with focus, but Spanglish-at its most basic... is all over the... place.
Spanglish is a heartfelt, funny, sad, human story about what people want and what they should do; about culture's colliding and maintaining their individuality; and about what parents do for their children.
Mixed messages wrapped in stale stereotypes.
It's no masterpiece--I can admit--but the performances won me over in the end...
There's a distinct lack of chemistry here and a strong whiff of moral sermonizing that undermines the romantic impact.
There are signs that a lot has been cut, and in trimming his film Brooks may have squeezed too tight: his movie needs breathing space.
The film racks up points for stressing in eloquent ways the importance of one's own roots, even when dwarfed or demeaned by the lure of the dominant, more affluent culture.
While the content isn't always pretty, the lessons are important. And, Brooks, thankfully, isn't afraid to face these themes, ugliness and all.
A satisfying and grown-up flick that boasts all of James L. Brooksâ(TM) strengths.
This is Hollywood liberal humanism as muted join-the-dots melodrama, all carefully calculated colouring, broad outlines, and no room for fruitful digression.
Phony bourgeois film.
Vega radiates effortless strength and charm in her first Hollywood role, and Sandler proves to be a gratifyingly unpredictable leading man, self-effacing one moment and hilariously emphatic the other.
Much as Spanglish makes their mutual attraction look magically real and charming, the prospect of John and Flor's romance remains alarming, and not just for the questions it raises about sleeping with the help.
Some great lines, some great performances, some very very interesting relational topics, but un-quenching, seldom moving and simply not funny enough to be a comedy.
A worthy follow-up to [Director James L.] Brooks' 1997 success, As Good as it Gets.
Brooks struggles to define Spanglish, garbling the storylines in an unfocused film that only skims the surface in its two hours plus running time.
Meandering, redundant, and shapeless - one gets the feeling that with discipline and focus, a good film could easily have been carved out of all this earnesty.
'Brooks' preference is clear: wise Mexican earth mother trumps competitive American neurotic every time.'
As ótimas atuações contribuem para que a primeira metade funcione como um bom estudo de personagens; é aí que o melodrama toma conta da história e enfraquece este longo filme.
There are four or five different movies going on in Spanglish, and director James L. Brooks, unfortunately, doesn't tell any of them well.
Brooks' script moves through potentially melodramatic scenarios with insight and bright humour.
A wonderfully touching and brilliantly funny work that's as committed to its characters as it is to its audience.
Sandler is excellent, delivering a heartfelt performance that is easily on a par with his work in Punch Drunk Love.
Brooks' championing of good old-fashioned family values feels hopelessly nave and frankly unconvincing.
While the movie has an interesting message, and conveys it in a compelling approach, its structure limits it from ever being completely successful.
It's a bit overlong and laboured, but the heart is in the right place and John Seale's cinematography is impressive but unobtrusive.
It is nice to see Adam Sandler in a role outside his normal wild behavior. This is an enjoyable show with a lot of substance.
Nobody breathes in "Spanglish"--they just exhale, scream, blather and sigh. And then they do it again. And then they do it again.
Sandler is devastating as a crumbling family man.
The film gets better as it goes along ... and all the characters, including Deborah, become more interesting and appealing as we get to know them better.
Takes the sloppy sentiment and cheap, once-a-week aesthetic of television and inflates it into an ugly, self-consciously respectable film. There's not a genuine moment in it.
A multi-layered and sensitive character examination.
'Spanglish is a nails-on-the-chalkboard movie that wants to be sweet natured.'
Amigo, in any language Spanglish is overwritten, overacted and too long.
It's not fair to call 'Spanglish' a romance comedy, because at its core it's not about romance.
Adam Sandler fans beware: There's not a trace of Happy Gilmore anywhere in this movie.
'Spanglish' is one of those films that has the potential for being terrific but falls short in clarity and focus.**
Director James L. Brooks has given us some familial and cultural truths to think long and hard about, with ironic performances to savor.
If you let yourself get sucked in, it's an enjoyable day at the movies
To appreciate Spanglish and find the beauty inside, layers need to be peeled back and Brooks' occasional melodramatic pratfalls need to be, well, overlooked.
This movie speaks the language of the heart.
Despite its narrative chaos, Spanglish might have been fun to watch if it weren't for two dimensional characterizations and strange messages.
...less like an acknowledgment of the changing American demographic or an essay on the peculiar common madness of parenthood than a particularly dull-witted sitcom
One wants to smack Brooks and ask him just who and what the hell the movie is supposed to be about.
With these characters Brooks conjures up a few devastatingly truthful moments, and the overall result feels just about right.
Brooks, fumbling around with too many characters and too many issues, can't find the heart of the story or give heart to the part of it he chose to focus on.
There are more than enough moments of progressively minded pith and non-nauseating tenderness to preserve your affection.
The film too often seems to be talking down, to its subjects and to its audience.
The movie is what in Hollywood they call 'character-driven,' and it does take its sweet time. But much of that time is sweet indeed.
Instead of a classic along the lines of As Good as It Gets; Spanglish is merely a pleasant diversion. Sandler's surprise turn makes it worth a viewing.
Feels superficial and scattered, as if you were watching 4 random episodes of SPANGLISH - The Sitcom.
It's a sincere attempt by an accomplished filmmaker to reexamine his all-too-comfortable existence through the eyes of L.A.'s Hispanic demographic.
Not as funny and less poignant than The Bernard Kerick Story
The only sour note in this melodious movie comes from Leoni's character, and fortunately, it's not enough to cripple the film.
Brooks's study in contrast would have been better handled if he reigned in Deborah's [Tea Leoni] low self-esteem fueled manic nature
The film has less than zero staying power, and I ultimately have serious issues with its moral formulation, but its pleasures are difficult to negate.
Easily one of the best movies of the year.
Messy.
Every moment in Spanglish feels preordained, as if the characters themselves had read the script.
[Brooks] once again delivers flesh-and-blood characters with minds, unexpected dialogue, and a lovely, emotional payoff.
So much attention is put into scapegoating Deb that it's hard to belive that Brooks is the same man who coaxed award-winning performances from Shirley MacLaine, Debra Winger, Holly Hunter, and Helen Hunt.
It needs to be trimmed, toned and focused better before it is put on public display -- but since it's too late for that, it probably just needs to be disregarded.
By the end of the film, Adam Sandler is the only grownup that's the least bit likeable.
Offensive because it turns liberal self-abasement into self-congratulation.
As Spanglish caroms from sitcom-cute comedy to heavy emotional crisis and back again, we can't understand why a nice guy like John would marry a hopeless harpy like Deborah in the first place.
a richly entertaining film that examines, as its title suggests, what happens when people from two very different worlds are brought together in an imperfect union.
Proves that strong relatable characters and a deeply emotional story just doesn't cut it if you don't have a decent ending.
Less a story than a snapshot of a crumbling marriage populated by sitcom characters.
Sometimes Brooks's ideas are legitimate, but his way of putting them across is dishonest. Sometimes the ideas are dishonest, but his way of putting them across is legitimate.
The film is supposed to be a comic-dramatic look at clashing cultures, but its view of Mexican traditions is unbelievably naive, and it puts the women in a lopsided beauty contest.
...simply one of the best pictures of the year.
...Spanglish is a sometimes entertaining, sometimes poignant, but more often than not, cliché-ridden drama/comedy...
The characters are exquisitely drawn and the performances delicately nuanced.
Enormously entertaining, Spanglish also praises the nobility of everyday life,
The movie's funny and wicked fun.
So rancid is Brooks's fury that it's clouded his judgment, so that each of his main characters is a stereotype of the most broad-brush, malodorous nature.
A performer's showcase. While the pleasantly sentimental comedy doesn't bowl you over with cinematic technique, it's likely to make audiences happy.
Surprisingly heartfelt tale.
This commingling of Down and Out in Beverly Hills and El Norte is best described by the following Spanglish phrase: Una less than caliente James L. Brooks.
Feels like inadvertent misogynist psychodrama.
There's fun to be had if you can accept Spanglish's dubious relationship to the actual universe.
This is a very B.H. 90210 notion of bridging the white-brown divide in California.
An unusually observant film marked by dry, acerbic humor.
With his unerring eye for characters, even their hidden dark corners, Brooks makes Spanglish a rich blend of humor and heartbreak.
Adam Sandler and Téa Leoni are the husband and wife, but newcomer Paz Vega steals the film as Flor.
A pepperpot bubbling with pungent insights and sharp wit.
There is no shortage of zingers (mostly delivered by Evelyn), but the film lacks credibility.
You're constantly aware of how oddly these people are behaving, and the artificiality spoils the illusion.
It plays like an after-school special most of the time and contains some weird indication of being cobbled together.
Doesn't match Brooks' prior efforts because the characters are too broadly written.
An unusually shallow and facile work for Brooks, but the writing and the performances -- other than Leoni's -- keep us at least halfway involved.
A fitful, contrived, 131-minute guilt trip which fails to convince an audience to fully invest in any of its characters.
Here, however, [Brooks'] efforts aren't so finely calibrated.
It works only fitfully, as if writer/director Brooks is flailing about trying to figure out what kind of movie he wants to make.
What a charmer, what a provocative delight!
Easy to enjoy, if you're at all susceptible to this sort of thing, but it leaves you with nothing to think about, except for all the opportunities Brooks missed to make something worthwhile out of the material.
As in most sentimental yarns, this is a flick where credible characterization is held hostage to the demands of the plot and the needs of its message.
Now here is something I thought I would never see: an intelligent movie whose most mature, thoughtful character is played by Adam Sandler.
Brooks' slice of life succeeds, because every single character is so well drawn and enjoyable ... that it's a pleasure to join them for a visit.
Don't forgive its failures, just try to ignore them. And keep an eye out for Paz Vega. This woman is a movie star.
The work of a filmmaker who's simply trying too hard, a filmmaker who's clearly straining to be funny, heartwarming and more than a little bit quirky.
The proceedings feel slightly washed-out -- not quite a sitcom but several observations short of a rich movie experience.
The film's deepest charms come from its ensemble's wacky chemistry and Brooks' warm appreciation of the love between parents and children.
The movie is not quite the sitcom the setup seems to suggest; there are some character quirks that make it intriguing.
One of the most humane works ever made about the lives of working mothers.
Smart, often quite funny and has a great deal of heart, so much so that it feels almost hurtful to call it uneven and muddled.
Sandler brings a humanity and sweetness to his role that makes one forget the brashness of Happy Gilmore and Mr. Deeds.
A bit on the sappy side, but the characters don't show any growth or learn lessons - they just stagnate until the end with nothing resolved except to continue to be miserable.
Spanglish translates into an overly earnest dramedy from a filmmaker who should know better
The conflicts here are TV-familiar, as are the flat visuals...
Brooks stirs cultures and classes into an insightful, clever discussion of esteem and self-identity ... one of the year's best films.
A mixed bag as a comedy, with some genuine moments of emotional power but far too many awkward and irritating scenes.
This is the great mother-daughter movie of 2004. Everyone, however, will feel emotionally richer after sharing the heartfelt humanity.
Language barriers are the least of the problems in Spanglish.
Doesn't play fair, making the family's father, grandmother, and daughter sympathetic and somewhat dimensional, while forcing Leoni's character into a cardboard villain role.
Deborah Clasky, played by the ferociously brave Tea Leoni, is one of the most unlikable and unredeemable movie moms in recent memory.
Culture-clash California comedy is sweet and light, but not exactly deep.
Leoni's performance is fearless, accomplished and completely unbearable.
Sandler's best-ever performance--the least self-conscious thing he's done
Brooks' Spanglish is a language everyone can understand.
What remains of Spanglish is another typical Brooks creation: a film of enormous wealth and beauty that just needs another fine tune to make it appear effortless.
The movie is clever, funny and touching but so broadly conceived that it's a bit cartoonish.
It ignores the cultural complexities implied by the title in favor of domestic ones.
Deserves an audience because much of Brooks' writing is still strong and fresh.
It gives us ideas to chew on, moments to laugh at and performances to admire, but, like so many current lives, it is also somewhat in disarray, not always equal to its admirable intentions and the grace of its most successful aspects.
This is the rare movie with characters whose missteps you can accept, and whose integrity you can admire.
What I just hate is the way Spanglish slips into phony tricks and easy laughs whenever the going gets tough, which is to say whenever the story focuses on Leoni's character.
It's another movie about a dysfunctional family, but this one is different because they're original, lovable, forgivable and fascinating.
[Brooks] opts for soothing fakery and empty multicultural rhetoric to send us home feeling good about ourselves and partaking of the surplus smugness that he clearly has to spare.
Spanglish's central players are like real people touched with the perfect dose of comic exaggeration.
This is a deeply unpleasant movie masquerading as a heartfelt social commentary on life in these United States (or at least in the wealthy republic of Beverly Hills).
Brooks plops moms and dads and kids in the middle of a muddled message movie, losing his characters, his wit and, worst of all, his point.
A desperate, shapeless, overreaching big-screen sitcom of a movie that just wants to be loved.
Its view of life is so utterly out of touch with reality (why do we hardly ever see the maid doing any work, for example?) that it's ultimately more exasperating than rewarding.
Extraordinarily nihilistic and misanthropic.
As a TV sitcom veteran, Brooks knows how to fashion a button-pushing formula. But the buttons on this board are too numerous and their prodding more conspicuously annoying.
You could show it to terrorists to incite their hatred of America, that's how stupidly misguided it is.
A distressingly heartwarming domestic drama.
In any language, most of `Spanglish' speaks the truth.
Spanglish is far from mediocre, but it's hard not to expect more from Brooks - particularly considering how much time he takes in between films.
A warmly inviting story that sneaks up on you and grabs you, it's one of the best movies of the year.
Spanglish may not necessarily be up to James L. Brooks' usual Oscar-caliber standards, but its still an enjoyable movie full of poignant moments.
Spanglish isn't [Brooks'] best work, but it's infused with humor and humanity.
Really nothing more than an elongated situation comedy with a strong dose of political correctness...sappy and dramatically confused.
Brooks proves that American TV is alive and well in Hollywood. Narratively messy and technically shapeless, Spanglish feels like a pilot for crowd-pleasing TV soap
In a month that gives lip service to goodwill, Spanglish honors the good people among us whose understated virtue often goes unnoticed - especially in Hollywood.
earnestly gives us our money's worth, building characters in the midst of a juggling act that includes three leads and three fantastic supporting performances
James L. Brooks attempts to take what is essentially a slightly better than mediocre sit-com and transform it into something more profound. He fails.
As pedestrian as its marital and parental conflicts may be, Spanglish utterly crumbles when it probes matters of cultural identity.
Unassuming yet effective.
Very well done.
Happily this is not a sit-com, Adam Sandler does only one pratfall: a decent family drama with a gorgeous Paz Vega.
James L. Brooks' snappy script tempers its feel-goodness with an authentic mean streak that keeps things real.
The relationship between Flor and the Claskys is a figment of a rich Hollywood filmmaker's chimeric imagination making the film with its promising premise piffle.
Oh, those wacky white folks!
The question for us Leoni fans is whether fitting her fine and special talent into such Sandler-inspired hysteria was worth it. No doubt her agent knows.
Short on real drama and incident and long on tedium thanks to one irredeemably neurotic central character.
Spanglish is more adept at balancing humor and drama than just about any movie I have seen this year.
No doubt about it, Brooks is solidly in charge of this feel-good fairy tale as he gets terrific performances from everyone including two super-talented child actors.
Wishes to be full of good will, but it is hampered by an unnecessarily extreme mean streak that the picture refuses to be accountable for.
A neurotic wife hires a drop-dead gorgeous, Mexican housekeeper and then insists she spend 3 months in Malibu with the family. Yeah, wives do that all the time.






@highlight

Paz Vega shines, and Adam Sandler gives a performance of thoughtfulness and depth, but Spanglish is ultimately undermined by sitcommy plotting and unearned uplift.