Unfortunately, Oslo, August 31 is more of a step sideways than anything else, taking the easy way out with a drug-addiction narrative that helps Trier circumvent any major risks and thus preventing him from reaping any major rewards.
What sets Oslo, August 31st apart is the way it entwines the personal with the city: [Joachim] Trier understands that your story is tangled up in the story of the city and that the story of the city is tangled up in the story of its inhabitants.
Devastating. And masterful.
Comprova a promessa representada pela estreia de Joachim Trier.
Sad, but wise, and clear-eyed about what it means to drift through life until it's suddenly too late to turn back.
The beauty is in the array of animated faces in Anders' life. And it's in the simple promise and vitality of Anders' face, which serves the film without any regard for being in a film, let alone a tragedy or a poetic vision of darkness and futility.
With a predilection for long takes, alternating between tripod setups and handheld camera work that's reflective of Anders' unease, Trier presents life as an unceasingly tepid stream of the mundane -- with an occasional, exquisite pinprick of hope.
Life's sadder moments are quite well displayed in Trier's nuanced approach. For many popcorn munchers, that regrettably doesn't translate as a must-see movie in today's crowded marketplace...
It's an absolutely moving and devastating film, and one of the most jarring looks at addiction you'll ever see on screen.
The movie transpires mostly in quiet, engrossing dialogue scenes, and its austere style shares a good deal in common with the protagonist, who seems both opaque and completely exposed.
In a single day, through a single pair of eyes, Trier and Lie give us an emblem for the world.
[Displays] an invigoratingly acute understanding of the psychology of insecurity, longing, defensiveness and inward-turning rage.
"Oslo, August 31st" is quietly, profoundly, one of the most observant and sympathetic films I've seen.
The film is perhaps the most emotionally devastating and yet paradoxically delicate effort of the year, a genuine gem.
A coolly observed yet boundlessly compassionate day in the life of a recovering drug addict, "Oslo, August 31st" breaks your heart many times over.
Spanning a short period of time, this tense and intense Norweigian drama about a drug addict is extremely well directed and acted.
As the final shots mirror the first, you reflect on how life goes on, with and without us.
Trier proves that he's no one-hit wonder.
The result is a superb exploration of loss, guilt and regret in Norwegian director Joachim Trier's often-unpredictable second film.
It has absolute clarity about a character who isn't at all sure about what he wants - or whether he wants to keep going at all.
[Screenwriters] Trier and Vogt are neat and cunning.
Pared down and sparse, almost Bressonian in its formal rigor...
A study of a man who pulled away from the edge of the abyss at the nick of time, only to realize he may not be able to forgive himself for the things he's done.
Te movie seems more like a searing portrait of self-discovery and realization, with the understanding that not everything you learn about yourself will be pleasant.
There are echoes, a little DNA of "Wings of Desire" here.
A powerful, upfront document of a recovering drug addict confronting the demons of his past.
It's Trier's skill at humanely communicating the deep loneliness of a ruined life that make him a new filmmaker deserving your attention.
A remarkable film with a mesmerizing performance by actor Lie.
Trier ... keeps us aware of the emotions and perceptions of all the characters, even at those times when their perceptions are limited and differ from objective reality.
With his angular features and intense gaze, Lie is utterly convincing as an intellectual in the process of repairing his damaged life.
"Oslo" is an example of strong, confident filmmaking in which nothing is miscalculated or out of place.
... a gritty and authentic portrait of the unseen post-abuse perils that addiction creates.
Though the film provides a gentle wash of dark feelings, one can't help but feel cleansed by it and more alive when it ends.
Despite its themes, "Oslo, August 31st" is an exhilarating film, with impeccable direction and pitch-perfect performances that make the bleakness worthwhile.
"Oslo, August 31st" has the satisfying gravity of specific experience, and also, true to its title, a prickly sense of place.
It's a marvelously constructed personal journey, both wrenching and bittersweet, whose emotional ripple effects stay with you for days and weeks afterward.
In its depiction of a man who's considering death, the film is never less than fully alive.
With only two films, Danish director Joachim Trier has soundly established himself as a singular talent.
...a quietly stunning masterpiece-all of life, in a single day.
Trier's compassion for what it takes to survive, mixed with the love he bestows on Oslo, is rewardingly profound.
Moment to moment, you sense the fragility of Anders's fate as it hangs in the balance.
As this elegiac movie reminds us, even a shattered life matters, leaving behind an indelible, intricate imprint.
[It] crosses the blood-brain barrier like ... like ... whatever the drug is, I haven't tried it, thank God.
Without any flashiness or grandstanding, Joachim Trier and Anders Danielsen Lie make us sympathize with the character on a deeply personal level.
A searing portrait of a young man's chronic loneliness.
The evocation of things ending suffuses the film with melancholy, as Anders increasingly becomes an observant rather than a participant in his own life.
Trier delivers a sedate, mature follow-up to his brash, energetic debut Reprise.
The film so gracefully replicates its protagonist's drifting moods that its full emotional weight doesn't immediately seem as heavy as it is.
Less a study of the desire to die than the terrifying realisation that there is no reason left to live.
It's a cold, detached, very Scandinavian film, neither as sharp nor as oddly exhilarating as Malle's.
While not a film for the dispirited - though such a mindset may better empathise with Anders' soul-searching journey - it does have a peculiar honesty to it.
Lie's performance is pitch perfect, and Trier's direction almost flawless.
A very rewarding and worthwhile film.
Trier's film takes us to some desperate places, but it earns that despair with clear eyes, and the sense of character is finely-honed...
The film is overlong, spinning its sequential disenchantments. But mood and place are believable.
An astounding achievement, Joachim Trier's haunting film will stay with you for weeks.
Anders Danielsen Lie gives a compelling, deep-etched lead turn, and you'll find yourself drawn in as he searches for a reason to continue living.
Trier has adapted a 1930s French novel, which in 1963 Louis Malle filmed as 'Le Feu Follet', but this feels totally fresh and modern in its concerns. It's also devastating.
A wonderful, melancholy character piece that's funny and tender, and as fresh as a breath of Oslo sea air.
Trier writes his hero into a very tight corner, but finds a simultaneously graceful and uncompromising way out of it. Neat trick, that.
There are traces of humour to alleviate the gloom of Oslo, August 31st and some beautiful incidental moments.


@highlight

An upfront study of a drug addict confronting his demons, Oslo, August 31st makes this dark journey worthwhile with fantastic directing and equally fantastic acting.