Fair Game was in no way a terrible movie, but with a scattered storyline and somewhat caricature-like performances by both leads, it failed to connect as it should have.
Fair Game is smart, beautifully-acted, and unapologetic.
It should be gripping stuff, but Liman combines too much information with too much pontificating to create an uneasy blend of slow-paced political thriller and family drama.
Naomi Watt delivers but the script offers a lifeless story and too many one-dimensional characters to name.
If the filmmakers had skimmed off some of the exposition from the first half, and tightened it up in order to get to the main part of the story faster, it would have worked a lot better.
Another of Participant Media's earnest, well-meaning, well-made, but rather dry efforts that definitely do their job in conveying the intended message but not so much as engaging drama.
Gripping real-life spy movie Fair Game, a sober and sobering account of the double-dealing of the Bush White House in the run-up to the US invasion of Iraq.
Despite its flaws, this movie feels necessary.
The cast is great, but the material is dated, and the political thrills are not always perfectly sharp.
The script is intelligent, the acting is understated yet powerful, and the actors were well cast at all levels.
confirmation that all is well for only as long as everyone agrees not to know anything
This isn't a message movie, per se, but a strong point of view comes through regardless: In the battle of principles vs. politics, politics always win.
Terrific acting and a sharp, brainy script hold our interest, but we never properly feel the emotional punch.
If you watched the news while all this was going down, you don't really need to see this movie, but it's good that it exists.
Fair Game is interesting if only to witness the war of words on both sides and see the actual damage [Plame's] outing caused.
A drama about the cost of idealism and sticking to your guns in order to bring truth to the light.
Não há como negar que os grandes vilões de Jogo de Poder não se encontram no Afeganistão ou no Iraque, mas na Casa Branca.
Although the outline of this story is well known, Fair Game gives it dramatic shape and teases out the moral problems raised.
The script, based on memoirs of their experience by Wilson and Plame, has two stories to tell -- the run-up to Iraq, and the portrait of a marriage under fire -- and combines them very adroitly.
A more self-indulgent piece of movie-making is hard to imagine.
It's a thriller that shows the twists and turns of fate with some skill but also rages effectively against the way the most powerful usually win.
Condescending and clumsy, this never rises beyond boilerplate conventions: call it The Bored Identity.
Fair Game is a gripping snapshot of the events leading up to the war in Iraq and the subsequent fallout for Valerie, Joe and their family.
Satisfying, grown-up entertainment.
There are so many distortions within the movie, but space does not allow me to recount them here. Suffice to say, whenever the Hollywood Left tries to sell you a conspiracy theory, it is a good idea to check the facts out yourself.
Watts and Penn are first rate as a married couple divided by their desperation to do right, while stylistically it's top notch.
An impressive, if slightly inconsequential, retelling of old news whose novelty is its undiminished shock factor.
It is complacent and fatuous in a way that only a preeningly well-intentioned Hollywood drama can be.
The movie's driving force is Watts, whose depiction of a professional spook attempting to negotiate a political minefield as well as hold her stressed-out marriage together is thoroughly convincing.
An engrossing, well-written and acted movie.
Reality disguised as improbable thriller fiction.
A fine political thriller.
Fair Game is engaging, provocative and superbly acted, but it takes too long to get going and the true story is so gripping that you occasionally find yourself wondering if it might have been better served by a documentary.
An absorbing, unhysterical thriller that largely rejects the clichés of the genre.
While on the slick exterior Liman has crafted a gripping thriller, at its core this is as much a romance and paean to the ties of marriage.
It's never clear whether Sean Penn is aware just how annoying his character is - or if he genuinely thinks his finger-wagging smug- sack act is sympathetic.
Liman juggles political intrigue with low-key domestic drama to polished, largely riveting effect. Great star turns, too.
In the filmography of liberal-skewing, Bush-era true stories, this is a measured, persuasive item.
...sets itself up as a political thriller, but abandons this path half way through to turn into a domestic melodrama and moralising political message.
Liman Digs Into the Personal Life of Those On the Edge and Finds Something Nicely Human. A Great Political Flick
An example of op-ed cinema. That is, when it's done right, it's edifying and absorbing -- but when it slips, as it often does here, it just feels like a chore.
Topically vital, oddly cast, very one-sided political thriller. No real surprises, but engaging.
Sanctimonious, schematic, and so bereft of insight that it never notices the performative similarities between secret agents and married couples
While I don't buy the arguments it makes, it is an interesting and entertaining movie nonetheless. I don't know if it's shedding light on the Valerie Plame affair, or just putting left spin on it.
A docudrama about a historic event that happened not long ago, 'Fair Game' is the story not only of the Iraq War but also the revelation that Valerie Plame was a spy.
Gripping factual drama.
An exceptional drama.
Watts and Penn work their magic, as Liman avoids Bush bashing, to present well argued and personable "intel".
...more a backstage drama than a Bourne video game.
Makes a remarkably taut, tense story out of recent events. In its thrilling exposure of the web of lies built around the Iraq invasion, it reminds us how much the rhetoric of the 'war on terror' invaded all of our homes, depending on us to be doormats.
When the Iraq war begins, Hammad and his family serve as briefly sketched emblems of its devastation.
Respectable but rather soggy.
If I wanted to hear someone's slanted view on our past and present governments, I'd turn on the television and listen to any of the loud and brash blowhards on Fox News or MSNBC.
A restrained contemplation of a marriage in meltdown in the midst of an international incident.
Director Doug Liman has done a pretty good job maintaining the pace and tension in this film, though I could have done with a little less hand-held camera. Penn is superb, and Watts is pretty credible.
Fair Game gets agitated about its subject, but often has trouble inspiring the same outrage in its audience.
An interesting subtext to the film is its implied statement about intelligence gathering methods... The national dialogue over torture is well-known and well-exhausted, but here the film doesn't ram it down your throat.
My criticisms regarding the story's delivery are largely negated by the strong performances from Sean Penn and Naomi Watts.
This is a complex story of ego, secrecy, bombast and outright lying that has been very cohesively told.
In a more urbane mode than we're used to, Penn is his usual intense self but plays second fiddle to the magnetic centrepiece performance by Watts.
Don't let the Vice President get away with exposing CIA agents, but also don't make movies that only say it's wrong to expose CIA agents.
The tale seems too shocking to be true. There is material here for a masterpiece; a devastating document of modern history akin to All The President's Men. So why then is Liman's execution so ... flippant?
There's the usual pompous waffle implying that the very right to criticise makes America pretty damned heroic after all. But mostly it's just very forgettable.
Arriving at a time when George W. Bush is putting a smiley face on his administration, the movie is a necessary corrective; still, as handled by Liman, the material seems better suited for an episode of 'Dateline NBC' than a feature drama.
Entirely believable and deeply affecting, [Watts and Penn's] onscreen partnership wrings every drop of conviction out of Jez and John-Henry Butterworth's slightly overwritten screenplay.
The traction comes from the relationship tension, with the most important conversations taking place at the children's playground or in the kitchen ... A mix of political thriller and relationship drama
This compelling film reaches out to the audience and instills a feeling of great pride in being an American. No movie this year has done a better job of entertaining, educating and informing the audience. It deserves to be in the discussion for...
full review at Movies for the Masses
Joe is an idealist ... Valerie, meanwhile, is a realist ... It's an interesting dichotomy, because while our hearts side with Joe, our minds know -- and, more regrettably, our current history proves -- that Valerie was right.
Fair Game bristles with the outrage of that still-raw nerve, and at times feels a bit like an act of revenge, but also a confessional of a marriage pushed to the brink.
The blind-siding of Valerie Plame wasn't fair and wasn't a game, but this cinematic outcome is a touchdown for true patriots.
Fair Game" is such a brutal and personal testimony to the consequences of dirty politics that it often feels too ugly to be true. Unfortunately, it is.
...the case made by Doug Liman's Fair Game: you can't count on either your elected officials or the news media to tell you the truth or even to distinguish between important and unimportant facts.
Not likely to get much of an audience beyond those who have long suspected the worst of the George W. Bush administration. But they'll bristle with outrage again.
Moral: If you're going to defy the White House, be prepared to have your life taken apart brick by brick.
Up until the moment the MSNBC/Fox News TV trial of the truth begins, Fair Game is gangbusters
It's the toll that the scandal took on Plame's marriage and family, as well as the collateral damage to Plame's CIA contacts, that gives "Fair Game" its pulse.
Whether or not you buy into the fictionalized true-life events will vary, but Fair Game makes a compelling case thanks to a pair of solid performances from its two leads.
Working for the CIA can be a real drag. Naomi Watts and Sean Penn bring Valerie Plame and Joe Wilson vibrantly to life, and Doug Liman steers clear of pedantic politics.
Doug Liman (The Bourne Identity and Mr. and Mrs. Smith) paces the movie like a thriller, without unduly cranking up the action in the manner of those earlier entertainments.
For every spycraft scene, every illustration of the deadly blowback from the leak that Liman dramatizes, the movie has half a dozen scenes of a delicately balanced home life turned on its head by a government bent on destroying one of its critics.
Fair Game feels like two very good movies mashed together to create merely a good one.
What makes the film work is that it never underestimates the audience.
A highly intelligent political thriller with a stellar performance from Naomi Watts.
Fair Game is a powerful thriller that rides that fine line between telling the truth and keeping things entertaining
It's too little, too late - sanctimonious when it could have been a far more effective expose of political malfeasance and corruption.
Naomi Watts settles for semi-inscrutability while Penn, engaging as he is, is encouraged, particularly toward the end, to deliver his performance from the lectern.
You'd have to go back to All the President's Men for a better example of fresh American political scandal being turned into slam-bang, star-powered drama.
Liman skillfully intercuts television news footage of the president and administration officials with a skilled cast of actors.
Bristling with an entirely earned indignation, Fair Game is a film about the bullhorn naturally accorded to power, and the anger the public should feel when that benefit of the doubt is willfully abused.
Naomi Watts and Sean Penn bring ferocity and feeling to their roles, turning a potent political thriller into a stirring, relatable human drama.
The best surprise of the film is David Andrews as Scooter Libby who shows us his mistrust of the career staff and his insecurity about the way they saw him.
A tiring, overlong investigation of betrayal, Fair Game manages to nail a few heated high points, but not enough to combat the dramatic limitations of the source material.
It takes awhile, but Sean Penn eventually manages to turn Fair Game into a political tract.
Pleasantly hectic... a wholly entertaining if aesthetically unchallenging neo-spy thriller.
If casting is half the battle, then Fair Game director Doug Liman was already three-quarters of the way home when he signed Naomi Watts to play former CIA agent Valerie Plame and Sean Penn her blustering diplomat husband.
An eminently watchable, but curiously muted dramatization of the Valerie Plame affair.
This 'based on a true story' delivers the lies our society was forced to gobble up, and showcases two people who were 'right' and right in the middle of it.
What emerges alongside a crackling tale of political betrayal is a convincing portrait of an unconventional marriage, in which two stubborn individuals challenge each other to stay true to their moral standards.
The human toll of such ruthlessness comes through as Watts and Penn, bolstered by sharp dialogue, create attractive, smart, sympathetic characters.
Pacing problems and dreadful cinematography aside, Fair Game's smart, well-acted true tale of corruption at its most insidious is a timely one and fittingly captures a sorry moment in American history.
The first half works the best, the dynamic energy running the through the picture keeping me on pins and needles.
Watts, who plays Plame as a sturdy spook micromanaging both her family and her covert ops, and Penn own the film; it's a master class in submerging yourself into your character.
It starts with thriller clichés and ends in sanctimonious preaching, but in between there are a couple of true things: a portrait of a marriage under stress, and a depiction of the arrogance of power that leaves a sharp after-burn.
Both Sean Penn and Naomi Watts offer believable performances here, and Watts is impressive in the truly tricky role of the complex Ms. Plame.
Things worked out between Joe and Valerie, and for their real-life models, who are now the subjects of a terrifically entertaining movie. But that does not mean that justice was done, or that truth prevailed.
The lack of an entry point for the audience ensures that Fair Game's opening hour is essentially a love-it-or-hate-it proposition...
A compelling drama that unfortunately will probably split audiences straight down partisan lines.
There's a radical lesson in this story about the ways of permanent government and protect-their-own professionals ... But that's one that this film is too polite, safe and self-satisfied to ever bring to the screen -- let alone get in focus.
The screenplay, based on Wilson and Plame's books, is fast and intelligent, like an episode of "The West Wing."
Though based on a true story with a well-known outcome, Doug Liman's "Fair Game" is as suspenseful as any fictional thriller -- and considerably more tragic.
Unless your pulse races at the mention of Robert Novak, you'll be underwhelmed.
A crackling political thriller that deftly navigates the knife edge between all-too-familiar recent history and more universal personal drama.
The characters are angry, yes, but the movie itself keeps a cool head.
Admirable rather than exciting.
That may be exactly what happened, but it's not dramatic, no matter how hard Liman tries to invest the proceedings with jittery energy.
A respectable workman's performance where everyone is trying hard, technically fulfills the script and the story's needs, but doesn't excel or blow you away.
The backbone of the film is in the portrayal of the two targets.
The film is OK, but with more nuance and less message-hammering it could have been great.
Fair Game is almost more interesting as a portrait of a marriage under fire than it is as a thinking man's political thriller.
Ignoring the political bias of two leftwing filmmakers, Penn and Liman, this reverse roman á clef is a rip snorting political thriller, probably close to the truth.
Fair Game is a detailed, habitually accurate and surprisingly moving film. Like the documentary The Tillman Story earlier this summer, you will likely leave Fair Game fairly angry.
The film may ultimately not have the consistent dramatic impact it ought to, but it's a mature, important one all the same.
...should infuriate its audience all over again at the administration that keeps on giving...Penn and Watts, playing their second on screen married couple, are terrific together.
It simultaneously works as a sort of globe-trotting thriller in reverse and a portrait of a marriage under strain.
I'm not saying that a great film cannot be made out of the run-up to the war in Iraq. But "Fair Game," Doug Liman's flat drama about the 2003 politically charged "outing" of covert CIA agent Valerie Plame Wilson (Naomi Watts), is not it.
Most of the scenes depicting the couple's domestic life are borderline-banal, and they miniaturize the political drama that plays out partly in public, partly in the shadows but almost always in a middle distance just beyond emotional reach.
The spectacle is irresistible, as Liman and screenwriters Jez and John-Henry Butterworth unspool a story all about truth versus lies, professionals versus amateurs, villains versus heroes and patriots versus posturing careerists.
Karl Rove infamously declared the marriage of Plame and Wilson to be "fair game" for political dirty tricks; this dull, forgettable picture may, ironically, be the ultimate proof of that pronouncement.
What the filmmakers do capture brilliantly is the human cost of espionage and political gamesmanship.
It seems to be doing everything right but still doesn't manage to leave you with a completely satisfied feeling.
Doug Liman's "Fair Game" is written as a drama and paced as a thriller, and it works just fine both ways.
It's a real-life spy drama. It's human drama. It's political drama. And it's engrossing, all around.
A strident, condescending Hollywood melodrama.
The only honest work in Fair Game comes from Naomi Watts, an actress who couldn't cheat if she wanted to.
The movie is often a curiously bland, unemotional affair, as if the political seriousness of the material muffled Liman's gifts as an entertainer.
Liman gives the action the you-are-there immediacy that distinguished his earlier tale of international intrigue, The Bourne Identity.
Has some problems with its pacing and tone especially when it switches gears in the second half, but Liman and his cast do a commendable enough job with difficult material.
A sound, respectable depiction of an especially disreputable episode in modern American politics [but] it misses the power of a classic like 'All the President's Men.'
Fair Game may make your jaw hurt from clenching your teeth...
Liman's sensibility isn't sophisticated enough to tease out the nuances of what must be a pretty interesting marriage; the movie is more about texture and surfaces and surface tensions. But it moves.
Director Doug Liman delivers an exciting, limited version of The Plame Identity.
Liman has reunited 21 Grams co-stars Naomi Watts and Sean Penn to play the lead roles, and they turn in characteristically agonized performances.
...a step in the evolution of a fine filmmaker who knows how to tell a story.
Real-world political melodrama, with obvious good and bad guys, but intelligent and well acted.
What's effective is how matter-of-fact Fair Game is. This isn't a lathering, angry attack picture.
Fair Game is a well intentioned and smartly acted political thriller, yet it lacks the type of emotional pull felt in the best films of its sub-genre.
While it's convincing as a political thriller, Fair Game is, in some ways, actually more intriguing as an examination of a marriage under pressure, the kind none of us could possibly imagine
Fair Game gets you riled up all over again at a deeply unpatriotic abuse of power.
This insufferable mixture of partisan principle and exploitation-movie gimcrack is part of the contemporary political and cultural carelessness now rampant in movies, TV, the press and the Internet.
Clears up the murky facts and shines a klieg light on the dark, shadowy corridors of the George Bush White House. The story takes on a vital new importance.
To reduce their story to a handwringer for housewives that's laden with protest-sign sloganeering seems, frankly, unfair.
The film's assertion of Plame and Wilson as real people rather than characters consists mostly of draining them of anything compelling.
Nearly the equal of All the Presidents Men as a riveting procedural, even though we know the outcome.
Brisk take on how Valerie Plame Wilson and her husband, diplomat Joe Wilson, react when her cover as a CIA spy is blown in the debate over the Iraq War.
A somewhat hoked-up, intermittently satisfying recent-history tale that nearly limits the Plame-Wilson affair to a crucible in its principals' marriage.
Both a compelling and an infuriating film..this is Watts' and Penn's movie and the two of them make a strong and watchable team.
Exposed, abandoned, branded as traitors, the Wilsons finally have no choice but to tell their story, the latest chapter of which is this potent Hollywood melodrama starring Sean Penn and Naomi Watts.
Has all the excitement (and less of the depth) of a Wikipedia entry on the subject.
The Bush Administration's outrageously vengeful act of outing of veteran undercover CIA agent Valerie Plame gets a vigorous telling under Doug Liman's top-notch direction.
Besides a Hollywood-ish ending reeking of patriotism, [Doug Liman] finds a healthy balance of drama and thrills.
A convincing and inspiring political thriller about the destructive power of dirty tricks and the spiritual power of moral courage.
A finely crafted political thriller, with superb performances from Naomi Watts and Sean Penn.
...does a good job of making you irate at the misuse of power.
As scripted and directed, Fair Game is a dramatically diffuse, only mildly engaging version of Valerie Plame's true story, one that even gifted actors like Naomi Watts and Sean Penn can't really elevate.
A thriller that relies as much on domestic friction as on international politics.
The riveting, flesh-and-blood story behind the headlines.
I think Liman's film specifically succeeds as ambitious and engaging cinema because there's something hard and unyielding at Fair Game's core that can't be mocked or dismissed: We were lied to, and we live in the consequences of that lie.
A triumph on all counts.
Fair Game serves up impeccable politics with a bit too much righteous outrage and not quite enough solid drama.
Doesn't quite live up to [its] promise but ... it's mature, smart and engaging and, critically, strikes a new tone for Liman's work.
With first-rate performances from Sean Penn and Naomi Watts and a compelling script, this suspenseful, taut drama should keep audiences nailed to their seats.


@highlight

It struggles with the balance between fact-based biopic and taut political thriller, but Fair Game brims with righteous anger -- and benefits from superb performances by Naomi Watts and Sean Penn.