The layers are endless and once you realize the totality of what's happening, the events take on new meaning.
Racism doesn't always have to be virulent, it can sometimes take benevolent and malicious forms as displayed in this haunting and topical film.
Peele's parting thought is not to insist that we are destined to be slaves to the narrow thinking of others, but that we have a responsibility to remain cautious and vocal until such ideas have been destroyed. Get Out is an urgent call to that necessity.
In using both realities in his movie, Peele brings Get Out to a higher level of horror, at least for any person of color in the audience. We're all keenly aware of how possible it is.
Although with some touches of predictability, "Get Out" is an interesting proposal in a cinema that seems to repeat itself again and again. [Full review in Spanish]
You don't know what's going to happen or how people are going to act. The tension is so deep.
Dark comedy, sharp social satire and mainstream horror elements merge into the strange and smartly written first feature by filmmaker Jordan Peele, who drives his critique of cultural appropriation into a clever, anti-racism statement.
... brilliantly questions white liberal hypocrisy... [Full review in Spanish]
Get Out teaches us to be ever-vigilant and aware and that's not being paranoid, that's just sad, bitter common sense.
The whole final stretch is nonsense. [Full review in Spanish]
Satire implies the provocation of laughter, even if it's harsh or mocking. The truly disturbing Get Out seldom raises so much as a smile.
Get Out is well worth seeing and is a genuinely fresh take on the genre.
... let me advise you to get out - get out and see this sure-to-be-talked about film.
Jordan Peele's debut will stand among the cream of the crop as far as 2017 horror films go. It's wildly ambitious, poignant, terrifying, full of laughs, a refreshing take on the genre with subversive tendencies, racially charged, and damn entertaining.
Get Out...is not a comedy but a psychological thriller that--if anything--delves into satirical territory.
As a keenly observed portrayal of the African-American experience, it seems every bit as important a film as Moonlight is, even if the Academy will probably never recognise its brilliance.
Kudos to Peele for tackling a painful subject in such a massively entertaining and thoroughly memorable fashion. [Full review in Japanese]
Jordan Peele's Get Out is one of the more intriguing and provocative horror movies to come out of Hollywood in recent years.
Who would've ever thought Peele would peel away from comedy to write and direct such assured work as he's done here. It's socially relevant bent is clever.
After playing with our expectations, this turns out to be a very different sort of film.
Peele is smart enough to skewer all of white America and demand they wake up to the elephant in the room. Hypocrisy seems to be the name of the game. [B+]
Peele uses Get Out to take control of black bodies and give black men in the audience an allegory that they've craved in horror for decades.
With his over-the-top plot, [Jordan] Peele takes several racial themes to the extreme in Get Out. But what stood out to me the most was his take on white women's role in racism.
Horror movies have bad third acts all the time; the hope is that they have two first acts that are this good, with such an excellent anchor as Daniel Kaluuya.
The acting is good, and the firecracker script has some excellent ideas. But Get Out has fundamental holes, which mostly occur during the second half of the film.
All considered, Get Out is the sharpest, most thoughtful, and against all odds, the funniest horror film that Hollywood has churned out in a long old while.
[Jordan] Peele has served up the season's sharpest hunk of weird fun.
What makes [Get Out] a worthwhile experience is Jordan Peele's skillful genre intervention.
A brilliant film that gives freshness to the rebirth of independent horror as the new genre of American social satire. [Full review in Spanish]
Regardless of genre or construct, Get Out is a film that demands to be repeatedly seen to spot new clues in the most innocuous spaces, despite the encroaching shadows.
Get out manages to present an original proposal within the horror genre, but also makes use of social satire when dealing with racial issues without falling into clichés that generates racism as such. [Full review in Spanish]
What makes it so efficient is the fact that under all the fantastical elements of its plot resides a horror that's all too real. [Full review in Portuguese.]
Jordan Peele, a recycled comedian in a screenwriter and director, gets with this film the perfect cruel tale of horror. [Full review in Spanish]
What Jordan Peele has achieved here is a delight. Intelligent, unpretentious, strong, intense and fun. [Full review in Spanish]
Peele comforts the afflicted ... and he afflicts the rest of us, the comfortable, who often perpetuate racist behaviors and vocabularies even when we have the best intentions.
Jordan Peele's directorial debut may not be what fans were expecting from the comedian, but it's a clever and confident genre mashup that expertly blends suspense and humor with biting social commentary on race relations.
The director makes his debut film and uses elements of his community to make a film with form and background to ensure that "the color black is in fashion." [Full review in Spanish]
It's an eminently satisfying film, combining sharp social satire with a horror flick's incremental sense of dread.
A surprising story: in essence, a horror story with a mixture of thriller and dark humor tones. [Full review in Spanish]
An electrifying achievement.
A basic but effective film for our times and has given its community an end to aspire. [Full review in Spanish]
I think studios need to take more chances on films like this. Films that try to be different and push boundaries. Get Out is bold and daring and most importantly, unique.
Get Out is an unorthodox horror-thriller that could be game changer for the genre.
Get Out is perhaps the best terror tale since the mid-2000s served up The Descent and Pan's Labyrinth, two masterworks that, like this one, have much more on tap than just creeping out audiences.
... a tricky and successful mix of social satire, modern horror, and savvy commentary on race as experienced by a person of color in a largely white society.
Get Out: is a masterfully done horror film that builds its chilling menace slowly and does not reveal itself until it's too late to resist.
Jordan Peele's Get Out contains a fascinating idea and some intriguing social commentary, but it's ultimately let down by bland execution and writing that never allows the idea to come to full fruition.
The strenght of the film is in the perfection of the narrative artifact that always seems right in taking each decision, always brilliant, always sour. [Full review in Spanish]
A major work in which everything oozes talent. [Full review in Spanish]
Peele plays a risky move using the film genre to establish a very real terror that usually faces hypocrisy. [Full review in Spanish]
Pessimistic, violent and scathing, Jordan Peele's debut film is a faithful reflection of a divided country. [Full review in Spanish]
To audiences [outside the US] who may not understand - or care - about the satire, Get Out is still a decent horror film.
Jordan Peele's film is interesting given the provocation it exerts in a reality where politics haven't found a way to hide the undeniable. [Full review in Spanish]
A fresh horror comedy about things that aren't funny; And we don't mean just visiting the in-laws. [Full review in Spanish]
The runaway hit of the year - this is a must-see film. Don't see it alone!
The staging is brilliant, but it's the performances that stand as the pillar of the film. [Full review in Spanish]
Get Out is confident and assured and in director Peele, the 21st century has found a new voice in horror.
Smart, entertaining, superbly-acted and shockingly funny, Get Out is a rare film that ticks all the boxes and works on a number of different levels.
Jordan Peele's debut as a feature film writer/director announces him as a major talent with a big, big career ahead. Get Out is fabulous, a film that not only gets better as it goes along, but keeps getting better the more you think about it afterwards.
I didn't feel the comedic elements always sat well with the rest of the film but that's a small issue with an otherwise gripping, intelligent and suspense-filled thriller.
The film has enjoyed huge word-of-mouth success...yet it ultimately seems too frightened to face down the spectres of modern racism that it rouses. As pure genre entertainment, however, it does deliver sufficient bang.
Get Out is definitely great now, and I'm taking a punt that it will be considered great for decades to come.
It's a game-changer.
[Director] Peele, who also scripted, is very good at writing barbed dialogue, and as the film proceeds the audience is likely to feel as uncomfortable as Chris.
It is an ambitious and sometimes uneven affair... When it works though, it really works, and the cast is very fine.
Get out and see this rip-snorting thrill-fest and ensure more mid-sized horrors get a cinematic run in Kiwi theatres.
A daring and original horror film that never leaves the spectacle of its cruel satire of a social reality behind nor the dark portrait of the politically incorrect utopia that wants to reflect. [Full review in Spanish]
Approaches a heavy topic issue with seriousness, yet never lets it overweigh the entertaining, engrossing nature of his story.
One of the most assured, astute, entertaining and intelligent horror movies to creep out cinemas in years.
It's Guess Who's Coming to Dinner made over in the spirit of Rosemary's Baby, with accessories inspired by Meet the Fockers.
Get Out is one of the great movie experiences of 2017.
Although Get Out is a horror movie laced with hysterical comedy, the most distinguishing facet is how forthright and unflinching its politics is.
Peele plays the suspense like a maestro wielding a Stradivarius - each tightly wound string used to create a sense of foreboding and anticipation that Hitchcock himself would've been jealous of.
Jordan Peele's Get Out plucks a raw nerve with skill and style. Strange, funny and confronting, it's the horror satire of our age.
A ravenous masterpiece tailor made for America's current climate.
Get Out is about how we should get out of our own abyss conditioned by familiarity and history, and it's one of the smartest films out there.
Get Out is one strong, creepy and at times, yes, funny picture which successfully combines horror and comedy with a relevant and message.
Well cast and slickly edited... situations are horrific in their banality... who knew teacups could be sinister?
A marvel of tightly controlled pacing, off-kilter visuals, and rich atmosphere, Peele's film owes a good deal of its exquisite shocks to the claustrophobic terrors of Rosemary's Baby and the manicured dread of Bryan Forbes's The Stepford Wives.
(LA GRANDE BOUFFE PODCAST) With friends like Obama-liberals, none of us need any enemies, much less the likes of the Trump administration and its legion of racist thugs. We may all need to "get out."
Jordan Peele's semi-parodic horror film Get Out has a complexity worthy of its historical moment.
By focusing the storyline on a particular form of racism -- the kind that's often disguised as peculiar envy -- Get Out reveals something more insidious.
Mostly [Peele] creates a lovely, off-kilter mood, riffing with tremendous visual poise on all sorts of classics, including Seconds, Guess Who's Coming to Dinner and The Stepford Wives.
Towards the end, it all gets a little overwrought. But, on the whole, what a clever, provocative and entertaining film this is in the way it pokes and prods at the emotive issue of race relations while mixing up so many genres.
Get Out works the way it does because of its emotional purity. Chris's discomfort is real; Rose's chagrin with the way her family is behaving is real.
Kaluuya brings a wry intelligence his role as the straight man to the films' many eccentric characters.
It will probably end up being the best horror movie of the year, and easily one of the best of the past five years.
Smart, accessible, pin-sharp, and also a more authentic, disturbing genre-tweaking pic about slavery and the antebellum South than Django Unchained.
Jordan Peele is known for being really good at comedy, and now it turns out he's really good at horror too.
Peele's background in comedy serves him very well. The jokes are never riffed, nor do they feel less than organic to the plot.
In essence Get Out is every microaggression a black man has ever faced -- but supersized.
Don't be surprised if a knot sets up residence in your stomach as Peele toys with you.
Jordan Peele's Get Out is so clever you could write a thesis on it the length of War and Peace.
A film of two halves, then, and though I'm not convinced it all fits together perfectly, the latter part's move into all-out horror is entertaining in itself.
Proof that you don't need stars or special effects to lure an audience. Just a fresh idea and a twisted imagination.
Beneath the beatific smile of 21st-century liberalism, Get Out finds the still grinning ghoulish skull of age-old servitude and exploitation unveiled during a rollercoaster ride into a very American nightmare.
A great exercise in sustained tension and menace rooted in social discomfort.
Hate Horror Films? See This One
An erratic yet ultimately rewarding horror flick...
Peele succeeds where sometimes even more experienced filmmakers fail: He's made an agile entertainment whose social and cultural observations are woven so tightly into the fabric that you're laughing even as you're thinking, and vice-versa.
It's a combination of a knowing issue-based drama, lively romantic comedy and unhinged horror that hits all of its targets with precision. And it keeps us gleefully entertained with its escalating terror.
This isn't some inside joke, it's a universal lesson learnt... even if that lesson is expertly disguised by a brilliantly bizarre and truly bonkers story set in the 'burbs.
In a double whammy of satire, Get Out upends all the expected tropes of the horror movie and gives middle-class white liberals a thorough skewering.
It lacks the subtlety of Night of the Living Dead, but deftly balances laughs and bloody thrills.
It was 6 minutes before I yelped and 15 before I wondered if I'd packed fresh underwear.
It's an auspicious debut to say the least, with Peele making good on his performance background in sketch comedy to make his points land with a sly wit that makes the horror all the more powerful.
To call it the most important movie of the year so far makes it sound possibly rather worthy. That's not true at all. Get Out is a comment on a highly complex situation that's also a total blast.
The most forceful and inventive American horror film since It Follows.
The film has more to do with discomfort and envy than blind hatred. What a strange marvel it is.
Jordan Peele has proven himself to be a dab hand at mixing horror and satire with his smash hit directorial debut, Get Out. It has the scares, it has the smarts, and it also has a lot to say about racism in the US.
Shattering and deep-down bone-chilling. A viciously unsettling nightmare of race and privilege that carves out a much-needed paradigm shift for genre film.
Is it too early to call this a modern genre classic?
If there were more African-American directors working in Tinseltown, this film's plot would surely be familiar. As it is, it's quite unlike anything else out there.
This scathing satire is the perfect horror film for the post-Obama era, taking a razor-sharp scalpel to white liberal attitudes on race.
A scary, funny and razor sharp social thriller, and the most exciting debut film this year.
It's a brilliantly mischievous, unsettling movie.
Bursting onto the film scene, Peele's directorial debut of Get Out was an unexpected success that will give future films to be released in 2017 a run for their money.
Witty, trenchant, very topical, sometimes utterly bloodcurdling but always with plenty of polemical points to make.
Its box office success is a sign that America 2017 -- a place where #TheResistance is a trending Twitter topic -- desperately needed this distillation of satire, cri de guerre and catharsis.
A disturbing, darkly funny, and nightmarish cinematic gem.
Get Out is an effective, thought-provoking, slow-burn thriller
Peele's blistering debut is a timely and powerful satire of modern prejudice as much as it is a taut, gripping exercise in horror cinema.
"Get Out" succeeds by taking a fairly-standard horror format and invigorating it with a visceral social element.
Nope, not going to ruin the movie. Suffice it to say there is creeping unease, heart-stopping tension, people who are not as they seem to be and a finale that is violent but which will knock your socks off.
While Peele may be best known for his comedic offerings, this endeavour is far from funny - it's pretty disturbing stuff.
The combination of Peele's deep understanding of the horror genre and his personal experience means his directorial debut is a sharp and fresh reflection on racial tensions in contemporary America.
An astute, insidiously scathing, cinematic commentary on racial tension in America.
This film is a marvel of ingenuity and inspiration, a horror tale where the most frightening image is the mirror image of the audience realizing they're the ones being so intimately examined.
What makes Get Out more than just a slam-bang scarefest is that, in its own darkly satiric way, it is also a movie about racial paranoia that captures the zeitgeist in ways that many more "prestigious" movies don't.
I enjoyed the offering, laughed at the right moments, and actually found myself with sweaty palms as things came to a head toward the end. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, Sex, etc. - also Available)
Making his directorial debut, Peele manages to continually pique our interest, even when we know where the story is heading.
After everything is revealed in Get Out you'll want to see it again to watch the pieces fall into place. Nice job, Mr. Peele.
With strong visual sense and even stronger writing, Peele keeps us off-kilter, approaching the material from odd angles, challenging us to ruminate on racial paranoia.
Writer/director Jordan Peele's Get Out has a deep lineage that includes films like Night of the Living Dead, The Spook Who Sat by the Door and Bamboozled - it's that good. And... funnier.
Peele manages to perfectly balance suspense, humour, and horror while making a hard-hitting political statement about liberal America; a remarkable and timely feat considering the state of the world in 2017.
While it is too violent for my taste, it does have some clever comic touches and an interesting racial twist on the usual horror genre story. It is kind of like a dark comic cross between '12 Years a Slave' and 'The Man With Two Brains.'
Get Out is a great movie for people who dislike or dismiss horror expecting "gratuitous" explicit violence and nudity, because of its humor, PG sex scenes, and the analogies drawn to contemporary lived experiences of race relations.
It's because of Kaluuya that Peele's commentary remains intelligible throughout, even as the movie leaps over logical chasms and loads up on hammy supporting performances.
First-time director Peele has not only written a brilliant script, but has mastered film grammar, timing, and the blocking of scenes (Splice Today)
... first really interesting film of the new year is an unnerving social satire that uses horror tropes to peel away the hypocrisy of white liberal America .. Peele is obviously a director to watch.
I laughed, and then I was scared, and then I started laughing again, and then I wanted to run out of the theater but then I stayed, and then I started laughing again, and then I was really, really scared. That's about it. Oh...this movie is awesome.
It's a great movie -- one of the best horror films in recent memory, in fact.
... an allegory of African-American strengths being siphoned for the benefit of white people, disguised as a run-of-the-kill horror flick.
Get Out is an incredibly assured debut that totally gets horror. And comedy. And politics. And it's going to be one of the standout hits of the year.
There's something almost playful about the way Peele weaves his tale.
This is Guess Who's Coming to Dinner meets Six Flags' Kingda Ka roller coaster after surviving a car wreck while winning the lottery.
Like The Stepford Wives before it, Get Out uses a fancifully exaggerated scenario to illustrate real social tensions.
The film wears its influences lightly (The Stepford Wives; the revelation's echo of Being John Malkovich, which starred Keener) even as it camera-tracks the dark side of a supposedly "post-racial" USA.
Precisely because it addresses fears that have been absent from horror movies, Get Out is a future classic.
The sense of dread is palpable throughout, but Peele leavens the fear with a great device in the comedic character of Rod, played by Lil Rey Howery.
It plays and it creates an effective admixture of comedy and intrigue, and it takes dead aim at the zeitgeist in a way that's sure to garner attention ...
Believe the hype, and go see it.
There's either a bit of genius at play or this is one heck of a lucky first strike
Jordan Peele makes his directing debut with a horror movie that sticks closely to genre convention even as its ribbing of white liberals hardens into a social point.
The big joke --and it's one that draws blood-- is that we spend half the movie wondering if something sinister's going on or if these folks just don't have any idea how to behave around brown people.
What emerges, with nods to the absurdist anxiety of Rosemary's Baby and the existential terror of Michael Haneke is a tightly wound, viciously funny comment on the quotidian horror of life in black America.
a bristling thriller that ably mixes its various horror riffs-which include stalk-and-slash tensions, an insidious cult, and medical horror-with both comedy and social satire
It's funny, it's tense, it features two great performances from Kaluuya and Williams and Peele expertly creates a web of odd tension where you actually don't know what is happening for the majority of the run time.
Filled with righteous anger, sly wit and genuine creepiness, Get Out is a savvy, stylish and enormously entertaining film.
Get Out knows how to mine a real social voice from simple scares, and turn a reliable thrill ride into the first truly great film of the Trump era.
You may be reminded of other creepy movies like Rosemary's Baby and The Stepford Wives, but this is neither a retread nor a spoof. It's a rare, seamless blend of horror and comedy: a stinging satire cloaked as a thriller.
Following Oscar's pomp and self-importance, viewing Jordan Peele's fiercely entertaining thriller offers the perfect awards hangover cure. Audiences leave the theater shaken and stirred.
Get Out is an attenuated comedy sketch in which serious concerns are debased.
Mark my words; it'll be a modern classic.
Jordan Peele's Get Out is essentially Dear White People for sadists; it's a therapeutic horror comedy with a shotgun barrel aimed at the racial tension that's echoing through America.
Wait for those moments, scattered throughout the action, when the winces quicken into jolts and jumps; and consider how much is packed into Peele's terrific title.
Retro horror and racial tension mix to surprisingly entertaining effect in Get Out, the feature directing debut of US TV comedy multi-hyphenate Jordan Peele.
In the tradition of the best social thrillers, Get Out takes a topic that is often approached cerebrally -- casual racism -- and turns it into something you feel in your tummy. And it does it with a wicked sense of humor.
All this diabolic lunacy, of course, Peele depicts with B-movie relish, delighting gamely in the comic-sinister thrill.
It provides a few shocks and a few laughs, as it leave us something sinister to think about in our race relations while having a laugh at the expense of the liberal elites.
It may fizzle in the end, but for 90 solid minutes it scares the hell out of you, taking all the color out of black and white to remind that inside we all bleed red.
...moves from early scenes of social discomfort to a finale full of Grand Guignol violence and gore.
Jordan Peele's Get Out is fantastic, a horror film that is as relevant as it is scary.
Get Out will have you laughing one moment, gasping the next, and cheering the whole way through.
Get Out smartly balances its tones to provide viewers with an entertaining and clever satire that is equal parts funny and terrifying.
[Writer-director Jordan Peele] has wrapped trenchant commentary on contemporary race relations inside of ... a horror movie.
A refined suspense thriller, consummate film critique, savage satire, inspired horror and fierce, profane comedy. It's archetypal, prodigious American moviemaking, smart and sly... a succession of shocking, often thrilling satisfactions.
One of the boldest, most audacious major studio movies to come along in quite some time. From the opening titles to the end credits, Get Out holds you in its grasp.
Obama may be out of office, a fool may be in the White House, but leave it to Peele to make a film that plays with the notion that the masters of Get Out's white house might just be crazier than Donald Trump.
A terrific comedy, but a somewhat muddled thriller.
Want to put a little gore on your funny bone at the movies this weekend? Then just try to get in to "Get Out," a very clever horror film with enough social satire to start a great debate or three.
Cultural appropriation shifts from 'problematic' to 'horrific' in writer-director Jordan Peele's sharp take on the scary world of stuff white people like.
... tweaks perceptions and stereotypes, as well as mainstream expectations, in ways that are both funny and unsettling.
A horror film for the Age of Trump. Trenchant and subversively funny if not very original.
Get Out has its surface scares, but it's what's lingering beneath that's most frightening: the sense that no matter where you turn, no matter how many people claim they're on your side ... they're out to get you.
While it doesn't offer any answers, it both thrills and makes you think.
Get Out is a bonkers little film that mixes humor, horror, and satire to comment vividly on racism in America. The genius of Jordan Peele's directorial debut, however, is that you don't need to catch all of the subtext to enjoy it.
In most slasher flicks, a guy like Chris would die first. Peele's joke is that the cliché has it backwards. Young black men know their lives are in peril from the first frame.
A movie that not only functions as a solid scarefest but a razor-sharp satire.
An atmospheric, restrained, effective work of horror with a clear point of view, a darkly hilarious movie that never trips over itself in search of a cheap laugh or scare.
For every assured, effective camera placement - Peele takes inspiration from Polanski, Roeg and Kubrick - he also provides a troubling and compassionate look at racism and blackness.
Peele's film, which mixes horror, comedy, and social commentary with astonishing confidence and skill, takes hold of its provocative ideas and sees them all the way through. At this socio-political moment, it shakes the theater like an earthquake.
Daring, funny and thumpingly suspenseful.
Peele must have studied the slow-burn horror film, and the way a director like Roman Polanski (or M. Night Shyamalan, for that matter) can unnerve you with the simplest little touches.
Peele's script is smart, original, and timely, addressing the current reality of racism in America in a clever manner and skewering horror movie tropes along the way.
Do we need a horror movie to explain America to ourselves right now? Get Out's answer is a provocative yes.
Get Out isn't a sensitive movie, but it is compassionate, a chiller spun from human experience. Most of all, it's great.
Get out and see it already.
The result is something clearly borrowed, incredibly fresh and nearly perfect in light of the current political climate.
Like so much of Key & Peele's comedy, Get Out is refreshing in its naked, frank aggression about confronting racial issues, with comedy, drama, and sharp, unsparing insight.
If America's pervasive racial division is ever to be traversed, it will likely be up to humane provocateurs such as Peele to lead the way.
...plays like an instant classic.
Get Out is the satirical horror movie we've been waiting for, a mash-up of Guess Who's Coming to Dinner? and The Stepford Wives that's more fun than either and more illuminating, too.
This is ultimately a movie about the very bad things that can happen when we don't address our unease, when we just try to brush it off, whether that's to fit in or to preserve our self-image.
Writer-director Jordan Peele has fashioned a smart, scathing commentary ... as a base for his allegory on the horror of race in America.
It's to Peele's credit that he's able to set up certain expectations and then pull the rug out from under us.
Peele delivers without Key.
I've been reviewing horror movies professionally since 1988...and I can honestly say that [Get Out] is in my top 10 of all time.
One of those rare mainstream films that defies definition. However you choose to label it, Get Out is a wholly engaging, entertaining and particularly relevant film.
The scariest thing about the movie is the reminder that it has taken far too long to shine the correct light - literally and figuratively - on stories that should be told.
The praiseworthy quality of Get Out is that it delivers the goods without copycatting every cookie-cutter horror film being released today.
When the blood starts flowing, along with audience cheering, the battle for hearts and minds is well and truly on.
A weird and delicious surprise, Get Out subverts the tired clichés and freshens up the horror game in all kinds of surprising -- and surprisingly stinging -- ways.
Only grows more darkly relevant as the main story gets going, masterfully unfurling all of the real-life anxieties of Existing While Black while simultaneously mining that situation for all its twisted absurdity.
Part of what makes "Get Out" both exciting and genuinely unsettling is how real life keeps asserting itself, scene after scene.
Truly, madly, mercilessly entertaining, even when it makes you want to jump out of your skin.
Get Out, a thrilling first feature by Jordan Peele (of the sketch comedy show Key & Peele) is both a racial satire and a horror film, and while it doesn't quite succeed as either one, it ends up being more than the sum of its parts.
Writer/director Jordan Peele's Get Out is a daring and auspicious directorial debut.
Get Out is more a very smart satire with scares, than a full-on horror movie. But if it makes you think while it's making you jump there's much to be said for that.
As you waver in its loathsome, slightly surreal but relatable atmosphere, you'll sit adjacent to affectingly casual racism, your composure breaking down, your responses discombobulated.
... layered with racial subtext regarding slavery, master-race ideology and liberal guilt that weaves throughout the movie in unexpected callbacks.
Peele flips horror conventions on their head, and in doing so, flips our cultural perceptions.
Get Out is flat-out brilliant. Peele shows a rich knowledge of horror, and a sharp edge of humor that makes for a film that's frightening, fun, and impossible to forget.
Hits the bull's-eye dead on... Funny, creepy and thought-provoking at the same time, it's a picture that transcends mere genre pigeonholing to become an outstanding blend of different elements.
The first must-see film of the year.
Peele leavens the message with occasional (and much-needed) explosions of unexpected comedy, but have no illusions: he's dead serious about the story he's telling. The result is a remarkable genre work that stands with the best of them.
Peele has made a movie about the black experience in white America that does not appease or accommodate, that enjoys itself while still speaking to a troubling and pervasive truth.
[Jordan] Peele's first feature is strong
Get Out forces white viewers (particularly liberals) to confront their own racist views while eviscerating those who continue to proclaim "All Lives Matter" as Black and brown bodies pile up at their feet.
A memorable horror flick if ever there was one, Get Out starts with a great title and a promising idea -- a black man's fear as he walks at night down a street in an affluent white suburb. Then it delivers on that promise with explosive brilliance.
Modest in scale (almost everything happens in one location), Get Out nevertheless signals Peele as a talent worth watching, joining the ranks of filmmakers who cut their teeth in the horror genre.
Get Out finds that sweet spot of laughs, chills, and social commentary. It's so flat-out entertaining, you might not even notice how scathing it really is.
The screenplay is a masterpiece of subversion, laced with race-based fears and notions of stereotype that are played for laughs, but hit home.
Sometimes the best social commentary movies are genre films. More often than not, those are the cleverest at it. Get Out fills that task to a T.
Brace yourself; this is upscale, darkly polished work. Peele takes the fright film beyond a clinical exercise in spookery and into strikingly original territory.
Peele has written a script that is extremely well-paced and executed as it cleverly plays with allusions to slavery and racial stereotypes, as well as audience expectations.
The shocks and the laughs are thoroughly entertaining, but it's the truth of "Get Out" that's so real.
There's so much here that Peele gets right, and he delights in turning familiar thriller tropes on their head: In this racially charged context, he knows exactly how to exploit the sight of an approaching police car for maximum stomach drop.
"Get Out" works much better in individual moments than it does as a whole. But those individual moments? They're a lot of fun.
It's a successful endeavor, but not overwhelmingly so, with iffy taste and timing of humor disturbing the hypnotic spell it's itching to cast.
Throughout, Jordan Peele incisively probes the connection between the racism of the "liberal elite" and good old-fashioned white supremacy.
Jordan Peele's first foray behind the camera as a director is funny, thrilling and often frightening.
Writer/director Jordan Peele puts a racial spin with a sly twist on his sharp horror film rooted in such classics as "White Zombie," "The Stepford Wives" and "Rosemary's Baby."
[Peele] has created a work that addresses the myriad levels of racism, pays homage to some great horror films, carves out its own creative path, has a distinctive visual style - and is flat-out funny as well.
Peele clearly knows his genre formulas, but moreover has a keen sense of how to make them speak to the present.
Get Out is an absolutely brilliant and original horror film. Imagine a devilishly twisted update of Guess Who's Coming to Dinner. Get Out is scary, laugh out loud funny, and an inspired satire of interracial relationships.
Peele draws a draws a subtle, scathing line that connects American imperialism all the way back to its colonial roots, when white men essentially took whatever--and whomever--they wanted.
This one really should be seen with a crowd.
It may be somewhat rough and unrefined and even ill-considered in some of its particulars. Yet it may stand as a kind of pop culture document of this historical moment, a moment that's not nearly as funny as this movie.
Whitford and Keener in particular are having a ball, letting something a little sinister bubble up in their outwardly friendly behavior. But it's Kaluuya who stands out most.
It is not only the best horror film since "Under the Skin," but a subversive and often hilarious commentary on race as well.
It's clever stuff. Still, while I admired the conceptual daring of the movie, I confess I was never actually scared.
It's rare that a movie (especially from a big studio) wrings so much suspense over the degree of obliviousness some white people are displaying in their racism.
Like many of the best horror movies, it provides a grotesque exaggeration to highlight very real social problems.
Get Out performs a service that only high-end horror and comedy films (plus some science-fiction) can: present a disturbingly honest, critical analysis of the status quo safely disguised as an entertaining genre work.
Jordan Peele makes a tremendous directorial debut with Get Out, a socially-charged thriller that is so much more than "necessary."
All told, this is a sharp, funny, brave movie that strikes the perfect balance between humor and horror. It's the year's first must-see.
Get Out, produced by Jason Blum's low-budget horror studio Blumhouse Productions, is serious, even sober in its horror. But its archness has moments of creepy levity.
Get Out is best enjoyed by getting to watch the tale unfold without knowing where the plot is going.
I love this movie. Sure, I had a great time watching it, Jordan Peele's mash up of comic horror and social satire.
The script is wonderful, briskly paced, and manages to be hilarious and scary at the same time.
It's a horror movie in which virtually every element works, starting with Kaluuya's subtle performance.
The deliciously sinister nature of the race dynamics will make you cringe, right up until it gives you the chills.
Ultimately Get Out can't help but ask the question: How would all these white people feel if they could walk in a black person's shoes for a day? And that's something worth considering.
If you're not in the habit of frequenting horror films, this one may be the welcome exception. Get in on Get Out.
"Get Out" will scare you, make you laugh and perhaps make you uncomfortable. It's supposed to.
With a playful sense of tone, amazing performances, and a sharp bite, Get Out resonates with you long after you've left the theater.
Jordan Peele has made something scathing, hilarious, and -- as unlikely as this may sound -- totally fresh. I am pleased -- who am I kidding? I'm f----g thrilled -- to announce that Get Out is a legitimately great movie.
Get Out manages to walk the tight rope between being laugh-out-loud funny and genuinely scary at times.
It's rare for a studio horror film to feel this fresh and daring and it's arrived at a frighteningly topical moment for a country where racism is scarier than ever.
Get Out is an exciting debut from Peele, who deftly combines enticing racial satire with genre thrills to impressive results.
Peele has much to say about society and race with an inventive approach that blends chills with a dash of humor.
This is a major filmmaking debut that's fully worthy of all the conversation it will start, both around its commentary on race in America and how truly good it is.
In the same way that The Stepford Wives exploited liberated feminists' fear of male chauvinists' fear of liberated feminists, Get Out finds its tension in black people's fear of white people's fear of black people.
Prudent, muscular filmmaking, a terrifically creepy thriller with a clear voice and plenty to say.
"Get Out" is scary enough, but it comes with some bonus nutritional value.
What's most interesting about Get Out is how it taps into the same idea to fuel both its comedy and horror: the recognition of social truths.
A jolt-a-minute horrorshow laced with racial tension and stinging satirical wit. How is one movie all that? See Get Out, from debuting director Jordan Peele (one half of the comic team of Key and Peele), and get woke.
Deeply disturbing
This first-class psychological thriller blending a comedy of manners into full-scale mayhem will appeal to both intellectuals and rank-and-file moviegoers.
Get Out is searing satire, with scary/comic riffs on slavery and assimilation, but it's also a smashing crowd-pleaser of a horror film ...
Only a master satirist like Jordan Peele could take audiences on an insane thrill ride and make us all think about racial stereotyping along the way.
Jordan Peele makes an auspicious feature directing debut with this outlandish horror thriller/social satire that transforms topical racial tensions into bracing entertainment.
It wears its homages on its sleeve, yet it's a true original that itself will be homaged in generations to come...
It's not just a frightening concept, and it's not just terrifically suspenseful. It turns society on its ear in a way that only the best movies can.
The craziest thing about Jordan Peele's "Get Out" is this: Sometimes it's even better as a horror movie than a social critique.
Peele takes the concept behind Guess Who's Coming to Dinner? to its furthest, most genre extreme.
Peele's perfectly tuned cast and deft camera work unleash his uproarious humor along with his political fury; with his first film, he's already an American Buñuel.
This is an excellent horror that is gripping, scary, witty and timely, and it's got something to say. Even if you don't think all of it comes off, you will be talking about it.
A horror film with the power to put a rascally grin on the face of that great genre subverter John Carpenter ( They Live ), Get Out has more fun playing with half-buried racial tensions than with scaring us to death.
Get Out takes racism's more traditional forms - slavery, incarceration, exploitation, blackface - for a new, thoroughly modern appropriative spin.
Jordan Peele takes on racism in Get Out and infuses his horrific tale with his signature satirical wit for an experience that's fearlessly bold, hilarious, and an important reminder that we have so much work left to do when it comes to issues of equality.
Peele is sharply perceptive about how racism is so often diminished even by people who allegedly know better, and it's a conceit that serves Get Out incredibly well.
For his sake, I just hope Peele's real in-laws have a good sense of humor.
Biting but good-natured, incisive but not preachy, this is the kind of self-reflective comedy that can bring America together.
Get Out may be deeply flawed, but it's about time Hollywood put some muscle behind a movie that was less interested in flattering audiences than it was in scaring them straight.
A complex, accomplished genre hybrid that should alter Jordan Peele's business card.
Peele doesn't just subvert a genre often dinged for making people of color expendable cleaver-fodder. He also flips pearl-clutching, white-flight anxiety about predatory black men on its ear, turning a gated community into the real danger zone.
Get Out is about as effective as a mainstream comedy can be without veering into truly revolutionary territory.
Blending race-savvy satire with horror to especially potent effect, this bombshell social critique from first-time director Jordan Peele proves positively fearless - which is not at all the same thing as scareless.
The third act is just insane. Every little strange thing any character might have said pays off.
I won't be surprised if Get Out helps to spell out a few important lessons for those who deign to give it a watch. The best part: Any who do will have a hell of a fun and frightful time learning.
With influences ranging from Dario Argento to THE STEPFORD WIVES, Jordan Peele's directorial debut is smart, stylish and scary.
'Get Out' isn't meant to be reassuring. It isn't meant to be conciliatory. It's a bucket of ice water, and it will give you chills.
When microaggressions turn macro... A big-idea film wrapped in a darkly comedic thriller.
This is a confident effort packed with scares and uncomfortable social commentary about race, power, and control.
One of the most satisfying thrillers in several years, Get Out proves that its first-time director, Key and Peele costar Jordan Peele, has plenty of career options if he should grow tired of doing comedy in front of the camera.

@highlight

Funny, scary, and thought-provoking, Get Out seamlessly weaves its trenchant social critiques into a brilliantly effective and entertaining horror/comedy thrill ride.