My expectation was that the City of Lights would be displayed in an exceptional manner. Take it from me, it is not.
Even when Mr. Klapisch is pulling off the feat quite competently, one can't help but think that he's capable of so much more than this.
It's amusing enough, until boredom, then dread, then incredulity set in as we realize we must now spend two poorly written, pasted-together hours in [the characters'] company.
Paris suffers from a pervasively uneven sensibility that is, to an increasingly distressing degree, compounded by an overlong running time...
Less a gourmet meal than a flaky pastry, Paris is a slight but sweet love letter to the urban life of the city of lights...
Director Cédric Klapisch embraces Parisians' reputation for moroseness with a cast of melancholy, but passionate, characters.
When these Parisians actually do connect, the city's magic finally begins to shine. Binoche, in particular, positively glows when things finally go right for her. Still, such moments seem a long time coming, and often feel, well, a bit rushed.
'Seize the Day.' That's the title of a song that plays during the end credits... It's also the trite message of this tedious tapestry-of-life ensemble piece, in which a prettily dying young man advises his man-less sister to 'take a chance on chance.'
Despite some wonderful performances and memorable situations, writer-director Cédric Klapisch ('L'Auberge Espagnole') fails to recapture the warmth of his previous ensemble dramas.
Overlong and with ambitions of grandeur, Cedric Klapisch's enjoyable Paris is an attempt at Trollopean social archaeology that's best received with a shrug and a smile.
It may occasionally seem a little too facile, but all in all the movie scores more points than not and becomes a film of genuine merit.
You can't really argue with a film that tells us we should be good to one another, celebrates the importance of family and suggests we should live our lives to the fullest.
[Y]ou probably cannot ever go wrong with a flick set in the City of Light and starring one of the most luminous actresses ever to grace the arthouse screen...
An explosion of acting, sets and costumes that leaves the viewer with a feeling of near permanent glossiness.
Klapisch's movie boasts passages of genuine magic.
In this overpacked ensemble cast, it's Binoche you want to see more of.
...this Paris is a fantasy unlikely to be encountered by either tourist or resident, but considered as a travelogue for intellectuals, it's an enjoyable way to spend a few hours
When it comes to being a fool for love, there are no city limits.
Perhaps it's time for a moratorium on movies where the trajectories of various people intersect, often portentously, across the tableau of a big city.
The French director Cédric Klapisch is a glib wizard at weaving folks together, but there are too many secondhand characters roving through Paris, his latest ensemble piece.
Were it possible for The City of Light to see Nashville or Manhattan, it would probably want to sue for defamation.
This isn't, perhaps, the "best" film ever about my beloved city, but it certainly ranks up there as an ode to the allure of such a celebrated destination.
The movie is filled with brief glimpses of meaningful symbolism.
Paris keeps us involved not because of momentous plot developments but because the production incites our curiosity to see what will happen next.
French auteur Cedric Klapisch achieves a sublime use of the City of Lights as a living and breathing body of humanity.
Writer-director Klapisch's glossy love letter to Paris, and its yearning, beautifully lighted inhabitants, may not be much, and you may not even believe in its emotional and (discreet) carnal complications moment to moment. But the cast is fabulous.
Klapisch, who shoots Paris with the eye of someone rapturously in love with the town, is less interested in the reality than the romance.
Soggy stuff from French director Cedric Klapisch.
If Paris feels like an Altman film in structure, it lacks the late filmmaker's bite, not to mention his genuine curiosity about human beings.
Klapisch captures the bittersweet quality of those human contacts that seem to hold promise, but life goes by too fast for them to take root.
A pretty travelogue about mortality, Paris never quite lives up to what turns out to be a presumptuous title.
What's the French word for Crash? Cédric Klapisch's serendipitous interweaving of the lives of disparate characters in the title city never resorts to the contrivance and manipulation of Paul Haggis's Oscar winner, but there are some close calls.
Every character has life and depth. It's unusual for an episodic film to involve us so well in individual lives; as the narrative circles through their stories, we're genuinely curious about what will happen next.
... the interconnections of the people of Paris are enjoyable and interesting, albeit a bit tepid, and Pierre's (Roman Duris) observations of the characters in his life are poignant ...
An ensemble drama ever so reminiscent of Amelie, the similarly-serendipitous Oscar-nominee in the Best Foreign Film category.
Boasts a terrific ensemble cast and beautiful, enchanting sights of the City of Love, but it feels too convoluted, unfocused and somewhat bland as a whole.
From the catacombs to the city's heights, Paris turns an unblinking gaze on the beauty of melancholy and the daring leap toward joy.
Agreeable but highly forgettable.
Paris when it fizzles -- which is most of the time -- is a dismal series of character portraits about a cross-section of Parisians mulling turning points in their lives.
Engaging without really being memorable. It ends almost where it starts, and so feels like it doesn't go much of anywhere at all.
Mr. Klapisch's special gift is to populate his films with perfectly grounded eccentrics who use perfectly ordinary words to express poetic ideas.
Although Paris makes gestures toward being a top-to-bottom examination of the city's social fabric, its perspective is solidly middle class.
They do not stop just because the end credits role or the curtain closes, they evolve and change along with the exiting audience, going places original and unique depending on each viewer's personal point of view.
This mishmash is only sporadically successful.
What with all the fatal accidents, deadly diseases, bar fights, and virtual stalking going on, this could almost be an American film.
Anxious and amicable, Paris is in the eye of the beholder, like the city itself.
'Paris' works its spell in perceptions heightened for anyone suddenly made aware of mortality and on what was formerly taken for granted.
This could have been a true urban mosaic. Instead, we simply get a vision of Paris as the city of lite.
At a 124-minute runtime, though, the writer-director has stretched a wide canvas, and only sporadically found anything worth filling it with.
A visual valentine to Paris and an enchanting dramady about a group of strangers whose lives mysteriously interconnect.
Klapisch's "It's a small world" plotting is sunk by both bland artistry and dull insights into his milieu.
The title character is not as pretty as the director thinks it is, but the ensemble does stellar work.
As emotional ties change, Klapisch's film remains absorbing and often moving.
Un friso de personajes reales o imaginarios, desde la mirada idealista, desesperada y compasiva del protagonista. Una declaración de amor a París, con rasgos de sensibilidad, humor y poesía.
Auds who like upmarket soap opera, sightseeing and Gallic films where people talk a lot about their relationships will be consistently entertained.
Not a great deal happens and there is a lot of talk.
It's loose in form, but the cast lend a vigor and charm to the mood.
Klapisch throws in so many characters, including Juliette Binoche as Pierre's sister Elise, that there is no time to enter fully into any of their lives.
An insane amount of dancing can't shake off the heavy feeling we've all been here before, and in the hands of more revealing guides.
It is very difficult, to say the least, to believe in any of the characters.
Klapisch slyly uses vignettes and diversions to hide the fact that he has no perceivable endgame.
A watchable drama enlivened by a strong cast and some superb location work, but it's not as emotionally satisfying as it could have been.
If the interwoven tales that ensue hold few surprises, a stellar cast brings them spark.
[Klapisch] has created an imperfect but humane ode to his native city.
Perhaps the film's key problem is the feeling that Klapisch lets his ambition obstruct his storytelling.
As Klapisch wanders through vignettes of dreams and disappointments, he offers a captivating and never prescriptive paeon to humanity's will to survive.
Director Klapisch weaves a fascinating web with this diverse collection of characters, some of whom discover what they want only after being exposed to what they do not want.
After two continent-wide trips and a plunge into the French capital's underworld, French director Cédric Klapisch stays close to home and well above the ground for Paris, his valentine to the City of Lights.


@highlight

Alternately a sharp ensemble dramedy and a love letter to the titular city, Paris is uneven but often striking.