Such a fun over the top woman in peril horror movie that even the worst aspects of it compliment the experience.
The idea of a delusional man holding a beautiful woman captive isn't exactly original, but in the skilled hands of screenwriters Alexandre Aja and Grégory Levasseur the result is a thoroughly engrossing psycho-thriller that never lets up.
Unscary, uninteresting tosh from people who should know better.
It's lurid and overblown, relying on its lionhearted heroine never to play her most obvious escape card, but for those with a taste for such silliness, it makes for a harrowing night at the movies.
....easily surpasses everything those horror remakes of late entail. Revels in tis ability to put sweat on faces, by way of a tense skirmish between car spaces
Toda a trama nada mais é do que uma mera desculpa para enfiar a belíssima atriz num vestidinho branco justo e encharcá-la a fim de que ele fique ainda mais grudado em seu corpo escultural.
all the pieces are in place for a great thriller - and then, just like your typical Yuletide get-together, it all falls a little flat.
Has quite a bit going for it, which makes its eventual reliance on inane genre gimmicks that much more disappointing.
Despite an enormously creepy turn from Bentley, the story has nowhere else to go but into the standard (albeit judiciously used) stalk-and-slash territory.
About as basic and unmemorable as a horror flick gets.
Take "Red Eye," mix it with "Creep," and add a dash of "Haute Tension," finely puree with a sprinkle of camp, and what you have is a long tall glass of this demented horror film...
P2 is nothing fancy or flashy. It could use more innovation, and either tension or dark creepiness, but all in all, it's not a bad directing debut for Khalfoun.
P2 doesn't have the grisly intensity of Aja's other work, in spite of a few moments of cartoonish gore.
Cheesy, cheap and laughable...
Manages to churn out enough tension and thrills to keep things interesting.
Bentley plays the role of funny, cagey psychopath quite well, and the film packs more laughs than frights. What woman wouldn't be interested after his homicidal message of love?
Has a central setup that only holds water if we assume that the victim has recently escaped from a home for the terminally bewildered.
How is it that Elvis has become the go-to sign of boys' obsessions?
"P2" won't make horror fans say "P-U."
Storyline was laid out well. There were a few scenes where you find yourself laughing at the movie, but overall it was a decent thriller.
P2 trembles in the shadow of Red Eye but it's not without its virtues.
[A] film that would have been better served if released only as a DVD and not in theaters, or better yet not released at all.
Wes Bentley...may be a tad over the top as a sociopathic parking attendant, but the paces he puts his victim through are cleverly thought out (one impossibility excepted) and continually rachet up the tension.
At least P2 has a little bit of psychological thrill to it.
Just in time for the holidays comes this vile exercise in yuletide terror. On the plus side Rachel Nichols gets to run around in a slip most of the time.
P2 feels like a vehicle lost in an after-hours parking facility, constantly backing up, shifting gears and generally speeding around in circles in a vain attempt to get somewhere.
P2 may be bad enough to become some other type of classic than the holiday kind.
There's some ghoulish humor in P2, and a couple of scares, but it's little more than the umpteenth variation of the woman-locked-in-a-house plot.
[A] miscast, misdirected botch of a can't-miss plot.
This is one of those thrillers where the person on-screen is often the only person in the theater who can't guess what'll happen next.
A slickly efficient neo-grindhouse shocker, a gory palate cleanser for this season of high-toned Oscar magnets and high-minded political dramas.
It knows what it is and never purports to be anything but efficient and engrossing.
The only scary part about this is that someone out there might actually love it.
Even by the low standards of the horror subgenre playfully nicknamed "torture porn," P2 is scraping the bottom of the movie barrel.
Amid the dumbness and disgust for paying customers, the movie does manage to cough up something I didn't expect: a performance so terrible you can't quite believe it's happening: Bentley's.
Swift and stealthy P2 is a canny exploitation of one of the urban woman's greatest fears: the after-hours parking garage.
a strictly middle-of-the-road entry in the slasher genre, scoring points for performances and areas of execution but running out of creative juice far too early, settling for stock chills and thrills
Like a driver lost in a parking garage, this awful splatter-fest spends its time going in circles accomplishing nothing.
An efficient scare package that breaks no new ground but gets the job done.
...a welcome respite from the awards-season fodder currently flooding cinemas.
... a well-tooled premise executed with surprising restraint, at least compared to the gore-centric sadism of the current crop of horror films.
The movie never gets out of the basement either.
Sometimes a hoary old cliche can come bubbling back to life if handled in a respectful and direct manner - and this describes P2 perfectly.
A serviceable gore-minded thriller --- a competent execution of a premise that ultimately becomes hampered by its inherent constraints.
It sounds like a formula slasher film, but it's actually done well.
The majority of [director Khalfoun's] chase and fight scenes are so artlessly staged that they render suspense moot.
A minimalist and unimaginative horror thriller.
On the elevator button scale of horror, I would say that P2 is not as scary as LL1, but a massive improvement over GRND LVL.
Despite its clumsy flaws, P2 has one or two worthwhile ideas.
You would be better off spending 96 minutes stuck in the parking garage of the movie theater instead of in the multiplex watching it%u2013at the very least, the carbon monoxide fumes probably won't kill as many brain cells.
Bentley doesn't have what it takes to be creepy and scary. He's too pretty. I have a feeling most women in the audience would be quite happy if he tied them up
Who decided that a horrorfest set in an underground parking garage needed to be made?
P2 struggles to maintain its momentum because there's simply not enough to do in a parking garage to fill out a feature film.
A mostly threadbare Christmas stocking with too many plot holes to patch.
Though the filmmakers probably believe it becomes some sort of female-empowerment vehicle in the end, it's really just another thriller that relishes in the victimization of women.
Wes Bentley's screaming and ranting is (unintentionally) funny, not unnerving. It's like being menaced by Tobey Maguire.
Directed without much imagination, P2 is gory and gruesome, yet never scary or affecting.
Brutal, minimalist stalker bloodbath. Pass.
Routine but skillful, P2 takes a bare-bones premise and uses it to string up a series of escalatingly tense situations.
The same old grim game of cat and mouse. Sure, we hope the mouse gets away. But mostly we just want the whole thing to end.
Cheerfully manipulative, P2 is the kind of movie that invites audiences to yell back at the screen and cheer.
P2 would be no more absurd as a movie about a vending machine button or a confused bingo dealer.
There's a fine line between the gloriously grotesque and the repulsively grisly, and the picture crosses it too often.
Goofy even when he's being grotesque, Bentley turns P2 into a comedy without going so far as to make fun of it.
Doesn't exactly advance the genre -- think Red Eye with twice the gore and triple the dumb -- but some above-the-call performances and a nifty use of its setting make this two-hander a genuinely creepy diversion.
The ingredients of modern horror kill the atmosphere and make P2 less scary, not more.
P2 is gory, scary, creepy, gripping, and sometimes ridiculous (in the sublime sense). What more can any horror fan ask for in their Christmas stalking?



@highlight

P2 is full of gore, but low on suspense, featuring a cat-and-mouse plot has been done many times before.