... one does not know if Jamie Foxx is in it for drama, action or comedy. [Full review in Spanish]
It's macho, tediously violent and seemingly shot almost entirely within the confines of one of the resort's casino-hotels. I certainly won't be making a reservation.
You'll probably spot most of the twists coming. But the film's relentless pace ensures the excitement rarely flags.
[Sleepless] fashions a familiar action vehicle for an Academy Award-winning star (Jamie Foxx) looking to stroll through a paycheck role.
Sleepless has the puzzling, 95-minutes feel of a doomed project that has been mercilessly edited to digestible proportions.
Jamie Foxx is far too talented for such generic material, which betrays both the original and its title by proving utterly snooze-inducing.
The over-arching flatness and lack of inspiration in its climax leave you feeling as if Odar and screenwriter Andrea Berloff are similarly unenthused.
It's thin but taut and at a lean 95 minutes, it zips along at a propulsive, entertaining clip.
Sleepless commits the cardinal sin for a thriller -- it's rather dull.
It all unfolds semi-watchably, albeit with an absurdly overwrought percussive score and a checklist of thriller cliches that Swiss director Baran bo Odar ticks off one by one.
The final twist is genuinely unexpected, though purely because of its irrelevance.
A smart and speedy cop movie that occasionally reaches for greatness.
Relies on so many plot holes and cliches, even a mildly decent climax cannot save it from shoddiness.
For the most part - the dynamic is kept pleasingly taut and the action set-pieces ably handled.
Unlikeable characters make bizarre decisions, often motivated by reasons that aren't exactly clear.
Less sleepless, more insomnia cure. For all its attempts at action, it's a rote, dull crime thriller with little fresh to offer.
Alleged action movies need way more novelty than just flour being dusted over the combatants or brief bursts of underwater photography to ring the changes.
Fast paced, certainly, but not actually going in any palpable direction.
Blood-soaked, action-packed and delightfully single-minded.
The sheer silliness defeated me.
In its portrayal of cops on the take, Sleepless often resembles an episode of TV's The Shield.
Oh, good grief, how much sillier can thrillers get?
"Sleepless" asked a question, 'are you awake, we can't fix it.' It took this reviewer two attempts to get through this Valium laced ending. Las Vegas Vice, this is not.
The story soon loses focus and drops the ball by bringing in more characters than it can handle, instilling the movie with an unfocused energy which ultimately gives way for the absurdity of the script.
It has been more than two years since Oscar-winning actor Foxx's last film, the family-friendly musical Annie. Too bad his return to the big screen is this snoozefest that left out the thrill from crime thriller.
Honestly? You could do a lot worse this winter, and you probably already have.
Sleepless concludes with a stirring, surprising climax that effectively cements its place as an uneven yet entertaining contemporary actioner (albeit one that's right in line with its equally erratic predecessor).
Sleepless is better than it looks, but not as good as it could be.
Monaghan and Foxx, for all their gifts, can't transcend the material, though they do get more out of it than most others would be able to.
What's the point of assembling such a talented cast if you're never really going to let them act?
Though it suffers from minor plot inconsistencies and some shaky camerawork, this thriller offers a fun, entertaining, "B"-level story; the terrific characters help fill in the blanks.
This grimly mindless shoot-'em-up is based on a 2011 French picture that was in turn inspired by American movies from The French Connection to Die Hard and Taken-in other words, this one is derivative two times over.
The 95 minutes it takes for this sleepless night to unfold onscreen feel tedious rather than breathless.
Cop picture cliches in an altogether ridiculous package
Sadly, even the foggy recollection of the original is better than this bloated bastardization.
Sleepless is the epitome of Cop Movie 101 filmmaking, and it shamelessly cruises on autopilot from beginning to end.
It might not be Donald Westlake, but it does its thing: meaningless, nonstop violence and movement, enacted by a large cast of characters who are only looking out to survive into the next scene.
Alas, Andrea Berloff's screenplay has more holes than a trawlerman's net, none bigger than a gut-cut Foxx nursing a gaping wound for two-thirds of the picture while still managing to dodge bullets and roll with the punches.
[Sleepless] is not destined to be one of the year's worst films as that distinction would require it to leave an impression of some kind.
Both Las Vegas and the movie's overqualified cast deserve better.
Sleepless is a mindless, non-stop action film that's contrived, illogical and disappointing. Not only does it feel as if Foxx took on the role for a quick check, but it seems like everyone did the same.
Sleepless isn't bad for making the Vegas PD seem corrupt, as much as it is bad for making them look incompetent and clueless.
Sleepless is the kind of actioner that does best in cable TV syndication loops, where you can tune-in for excitement while remaining distracted otherwise.
We get muttering and glowering from Mr. Foxx, a story that can't manage enough twists to tie a shoelace, and set pieces that have been done better in other movies.
Mostly, everyone goes dutifully through the motions, including Foxx, whose level of investment in the project is neutral at best.
The listless, shoddy sort of remake where it feels like all of the characters have already seen the movie they're in, Sleepless reduces one of the best action films of the 21st century into one of the most benign.
One of those movies that needed to be a lot better or a lot worse to make much of an impression.
[T]he movie, almost inevitability, becomes sillier and more contrived as it goes, because the filmmakers have opted for more and bigger things...
It moves fast and it has enough shiny distractions - overqualified actors, epic punch-outs, an almost Guinness-level number of twists for a movie that runs 90-some minutes - that it's easy to occasionally not notice how dropdead dumb it is.
Never rising above the level of generic B-movie, Sleepless represents the sort of disposable fare typically dropped into theaters in January.
"Sleepless" is a propulsive thin exercise, "energetic" but tedious, the kind of January movie that Jamie Foxx should have permanently graduated from.
At a certain point, Odar's intense atmospherics - amplified by the throbbing bass notes of Michael Kamm's heavy, percussive score - start to feel like the work of a filmmaker on genre autopilot.
That "Sleepless" is idiotic isn't the problem. It's the good kind of dumb for 45 minutes. But it doesn't sustain itself for the full feature, relying on ridiculous extremes to keep viewers awake.
Far better than most January releases, Sleepless is an enjoyable action thriller with a great turn from Jamie Foxx. Escapist entertainment. Nothing more, nothing less.
You could pretty much play American Police Movie bingo, checking off squares like "undercover badass," "tough-as-nails Internal Affairs lady," "bug-eyed drug kingpin," and "hero KOs guy twice his size and then magically fits into his jumpsuit."
A frenetic and increasingly mindless, all-out action drama.

@highlight

Sleepless wastes a talented cast -- and solid source material -- on a tired crime drama whose clichés rapidly outnumber its thrills.