[Collapse] is as much a backwards look at recent history, as well as a prediction for the coming change.
A staggering film about a man convinced he's the only poor son of a gun who gets it ... and how, as he grows to realize he might have actually been right all those years, it destroys him
If he's even half right, the world our children and grandchildren will inherit doesn't bear thinking about.
Unearths the flawed humanity behind the apocalyptic theorising.
Chris Smith's documentary centres on a long and disquieting interview with Michael Ruppert, a radical American activist on a mission to expose the "peak oil" cover-up...
Smith treats Ruppert both as exhibit and patient, and he comes across as an angry yet compassionate man, secure in his convictions but lost in his emotions.
There are clear parallels with former US vice-president Al Gore's arguments in An Inconvenient Truth, only Smith's film makes less use of showbiz-style graphics.
Intelligently probed by director Chris Smith and always compelling to watch, the chain-smoking Ruppert's vision of the future should be on everyone's viewing list.
Rich on rhetoric, if sometimes a little loopy in the ideas beneath.
Perhaps he's worth listening to? Well, up to a point.
Take Michael Ruppert with several thousand grains of salt, but take him seriously, at least for 80 minutes. Chris Smith does, and thats what makes Collapse so riveting.
Chris Smith and his documentary team smartly focus their attention on the world fuel crisis, leaving many other issues discussed by [Michael] Ruppert to the deleted scenes portion of the DVD.
The only problem with "Collapse" is Smith's failure to prod Ruppert a little harder, especially on the subject of his 9/11 Truther status.
Ruppert's deep sighs, dramatic pauses and a slight sneer on his lips say that he doesn't care what you think because he knows he's right, but he forgives your ignorance.
You might disagree with every point made during Collapse but it's unnerving all the same.
Whether you consider Ruppert prophetic or paranoid, hearing his sobering thoughts on the collapse of industrialized civilization is a thought-provoking experience. Thought-provoking and scary.
His theories start to live up to the title of the film but he does raise some interesting points of discussion that aren't a part of the international discussion nearly as much as they should be.
Ruppert unexpectedly breaks down, weeping openly for the lost future of humanity, and at that moment I was startled at how bad I felt for him -- and how nervous I was, suddenly, that this contemporary Cassandra might just be right.
It's only when he starts to weep for the future of a population that won't heed his warnings that Ruppert shows his humanity. It's made him abandon his cause and quit writing.
There is controversy over Ruppert, and he has many critics. But one simple fact at the center of his argument is obviously true, and it terrifies me.
Collapse will leave you shaken about the future of the planet, and saddened about the shattered life of the messenger.
Sitting in a tiled basement, chain-smoking, dropping names and statistics and data with chilling certainty, Ruppert makes a compelling case that everything we know is about to end.
Collapse" is a grueling peek at a doomsday prophet's rigorous mind but in a sly way also a compassionate look at the strain Ruppert endures from knowing he has only ever been right.
Like with The Fog of War, Collapse is intentionally, deceptively one-dimensional, and it's up to you to fill in the other half of the debate with your own opinions.
A poignant portrait of a man who has indisputably sacrificed all for something bigger than himself.
It would have been helpful had Smith put his words into some sort of context, allowing others to assess his theories. Instead there's simply Ruppert, talking, raging and warning, as if his very life depended on it.
Collapse is boring. But what do you expect from a one-sided movie about a kook, who, at the time the film was shot, faced eviction from his home because he hadn't paid the rent?
Not just sobering; it's a full-on assault.
There's not much to Collapse beyond 77 minutes of one man talking about the possible end of society as we know it, and it's riveting stuff start to finish.
A grim but gripping film that foresees doom and gloom, not just for the economy but for the entire country as a whole; one can decide for themselves whether or not [Michael Ruppert's] claims are valid.
There are many layers to the man and the movie, and it's hard not to leave the theater shaken.
Chris Smith's fiery and provoking documentary provides a searing platform for police-officer-turned-reporter Michael Ruppert to articulate his gloomy vision and, in his view, doomed fate of the world.
It's not a pretty picture, but it is not a naive one either. The grippingly articulate Ruppert is like Noam Chomsky as a wry pundit of doom.
While [its] totally impartial approach is admirable, it also robs Collapse of any invested sensibility.
By faithfully documenting Ruppert's long-simmering analysis, Smith lets us experience the feeling of a world gone to pot, whether or not the claims are factually accurate.
Smith's subject Michael Ruppert never registers as much more than an eloquent but largely untrustworthy quack.






@highlight

Collapse can't prove its subject's theories, but it poses too many terrifyingly sobering questions to turn away from or ignore.