An honourable enough failure, but a failure nonetheless.
It is a decent, intelligent film that yet somehow fails to excite.
So finely tooled that it feels like it ought to be bound in Morocco leather and placed on a display case in a department store for a last minute Christmas gift.
Flawed adaptation of Roth's novel isn't for kids.
Casting a stain.
Both Nicole Kidman and Anthony Hopkins are vastly miscast in Robert Benton's poor adaptation of Philip Roth's poignant novel, one of the few works about contempo academic battlefields.
The acting is phenomenal (especially Harris), and the film will be a nice challenge for those in search of one.
One of the most underrated pictures of 2003.
The film's frame groans in its attempt to contain such a complex story, and its actors ask us to accept implausible things... but it's ultimately rewarding.
A tricky adaptation of an unlikely novel that nevertheless goes almost as wrong as possible...prey to the most amateur varieties of structural and tonal errors.
...a potboiler disguised as a work of art.
In an obvious stretch, Kidman's acting calls attention to itself, especially with her broad gestures.
It is a well-dressed, good-looking wax dummy of a film.
a well-acted misfire...
Watching Kidman mop floors impressed me with same effect as seeing George W. Bush fly a fighter jet.
Além das péssimas escalações de Hopkins e Kidman, que simplesmente não convencem em seus papéis, o filme ainda sofre em função do roteiro sem foco de Meyer.
It's a thought-provoking, unusually intelligent and well-acted film.
A valiant attempt to bring a difficult book (Philip Roth's 'The Human Stain') to the screen that's undermined by the added distraction of Nicole Kidman as a char lady.
Sensitively written and directed but spectacularly miscast.
There are some terrific scenes.
A well-acted and well-intentioned film, but the plot is laughably inept.
The Human Stain is an interesting film that doesn't quite work. [It] is probably the best film version possible of what is essentially an unfilmable work.
Tries to hedge its bets by doing a conscious balancing act between page and screen, and ends up doing justice to neither.
With all the legs flailing, earnest speechifying, hot-headed outbursts, and mild abuse of crockery, Robert Benton's adaptation feels more like a fat Greek wedding than an Ancient Greek tragedy.
Even when The Human Stain founders, the skill and professionalism of those trying to communicate Philip Roth's mood is undeniable.
As airless as a museum gallery where guards shush those who speak above a whisper...
Though Hollywood seems intent on adapting every well-received novel, some stories just don't translate well to the big screen.
There's some powerful, thought-provoking material here that deserves considerably better treatment.
The miscasting of the luminous Kidman as the road-weary janitor destroys the story's credibility.
While the film does overreach at times, and might not be as powerful as the material deserves, The Human Stain is far from a failure.
Hopkins hasn't been this interesting in years, while Kidman's amazing portrayal is merely the latest in her current winning streak.
A messy melodrama.
...casting Anthony Hopkins, a man as Anglo-Saxon as can be, as an old African-American just doesn't cut it
The performances save the day in The Human Stain, bringing humanity to a worthwhile film that could have ultimately been much better.
A better film would have made us tear up, instead of laugh, when Kidman spills her life story to her crow confidant.
A fascinating and deeply compelling movie, one that resonates not just with personal drama but as a scathing examination of much larger issues.
Philip Roth's novel about race, shame and politics turns into a smug cipher with high-gloss sleepwalkers Anthony Hopkins and Nicole Kidman.
Though not quite as dramatically compelling as one might have hoped, The Human Stain remains a challenging, thought-provoking film, buoyed with finely crafted performances.
The execution by Kramer vs. Kramer director Robert Benton, combined with the casting, makes the film feel false and stagnant.
Any film that makes two references to Greek tragedy within the first 20 minutes should set off your pretension detector.
The overall feeling that "The Human Stain" leaves behind is disappointment.
The ineffectiveness of the premise & other elements that distract from the working story line make this a failure in my eyes, despite its finely crafted aspects.
But the movie's most blatant flaw is the unfortunately miscasting of central players Hopkins and Kidman.
The title really says it all: The Human Stain is only an imprint rather than a cohesive film. Read the novel instead to get the whole picture.
A bloodless, clumsily told drama that stubbornly refuses to come alive.
Kidman and Hopkins are not on top of their games here; he looks bored and she tries too hard.
The story is not readily accessible to audiences, and the final product leaves you feeling empty.
Though the film was slightly miscast, I still found myself drawn to the story, the characters, and their lives.
Perhaps it was only a matter of time before Hollywood made a serious drama in which Viagra plays a principal role.
A provocative illustration of public opinion at its worst.
One of those films that makes you say, 'That was powerful. Now what the hell was it about?'
... solid but not great.
The film feels like a homework assignment in Serious Literature.
Despite its flaws, this adaptation is excellent. Gary Sinise steals the show.
It is hard to buy what The Human Stain is peddling.
A flawed film with an intriguing premise.
A relentlessly moving film whose emotions are the equal of its ideas.
The Human Stain takes a complex work of literary art and reduces it to tasteful melodrama.
Works wonderfully as an actor's movie. The trouble is, that's the only way it works.
The problem is that neither Kidman nor Hopkins seems to know what movie they are in.
Benton's smooth, quiet direction fixes the holes.
The stain of seriousness spreads over everything in this movie, eventually blocking out everything but the effort.
Based on Philip Roth's novel, the movie removes what damaged the provocative book -- its poisonous hatred of women -- and the result is an intriguing fragment.
You will either buy into the 'big surprise' or you'll be left thinking 'that's totally unbelievable'. We split down the middle on this one.
An impersonation of a fine movie that never for a moment convinces you that it actually is one.
There are moments ... that find both truth and lyricism, touching on what it means to be alive, and on what we owe to the ghosts of the past.
Falls victim to a fatal lack of narrative drive, suspense and drama.
Benton is a highly intelligent director, and in the lead there is that paragon of acting maturity, Anthony Hopkins.
The acting here is terrific, which is no surprise, as Benton is a great director of actors. And this is a true ensemble, with no one person outshining anyone else.
You want the movie's mechanics to work better than they do, because The Human Stain ultimately makes a moving plea for the sanctity and dignity of the individual.
The movie veers off in a million lesser directions.
When Kidman's on screen, the film catches fire. Otherwise, it remains unignited.
It all feels dutiful, like an unexceptional British television adaptation of a classic novel.
But audiences truly fascinated with the issues it touches upon -- class and sex, race and identity -- would be better off to search out the source material that delves into them deeply.
A compelling, sexy and often moving film.
Nicole Kidman as a milkmaid leading a hardscrabble existence? If you say so.
It is a remote movie, and notably humourless, considering Roth's involvement.
We may not be able to forgive the film its numerous missteps, but we must honor its own, unerring absolution of lives lived wrong.
Most of The Human Stain is hard slogging without the kinds of rewards that classic tragedies can offer us.
It's a respectable effort that doesn't quite gel, but not for lack of trying.
It neatly illustrates the perils of kidnapping a decent novel from its rightful home and exposing the vulnerable thing to the glare of a Hollywood camera.
By the end, you will care about the people here.
A platinum-class production that tackles the major hot-button issue of American racism and yet somehow never manages to connect emotionally either through its main characters or story.
Supporting performances aside, The Human Stain leaves little impression.
It's a well-intended failure. Benton may have been trying for an American tragedy, but it's possible he wound up with a sympathy card instead.
Rushes from the personal to the universal in an exhilarating victory for storytelling.
A scathing indictment of politically correct America and at the same time, a clear-eyed examination of the insidious evils of racism.
Here are complex, troubled, flawed people, brave enough to breathe deeply and take one more risk with their lives.
Benton, miraculously, has achieved the worst of both worlds. He has laid bare a great author's creaky plotting only to deliver a melodrama with bookish pretensions.
[T]oo much that's vital to our involvement in and understanding of the tale occurs offscreen, and we're left floundering to find an emotional foothold.
Driector Benton deftly juggles many of Roth's themes to render a full portrait of a false hero.
Kidman...offers a lot of smoking and exhausted lounging on furniture, but not much characterization.
The Human Stain makes good use of its assets, yet the final product feels as soulless as Bad Boys II.
Fails to offer insight into [Hopkins and Kidman's] relationship, opting for the less interesting mechanics of the erotic thriller genre.
The most emotionally authentic love affair portrayed on the screen in recent years
The best part of the movie happens in flashback when we meet the young Coleman Silk (Wentworth Miller).
Every scene set in the present day is somehow off... This contrasts the flashbacks, which are lush, rich and often heartbreaking.
Finds its most malicious moment of levity in the slow-dawning revelation that all of Coleman's women like their coffee black.
A laughable story that continually contradicts it's own paradoxes.
The filmmakers explicate Mr. Roth's themes with admirable clarity and care and observe his characters with delicate fondness, but they cannot hope to approximate the brilliance and rapacity of his voice.
Meyer's screenplay fails to capture the intricate subtleties of its subject and replaces Roth's moral scope with a moralizing tone.
How does one even begin to list the imperfections of The Human Stain?
The best thing the movie has going for it is Kidman's performance.
The movie is fully worthy of the book, and will reach many people who might not have enjoyed the delightful experience of gliding through Mr. Roth's trenchant and zestful prose on the human condition.
Benton and Mayer have gutted the novel's uncivil, discomforting viscera -- including Roth's pokes at political correctness -- and delivered an uninteresting, at times comically inappropriate 'tasteful' story.
Add to the mess confusing and manipulative plot points and the "Human Stain" becomes just another trite and troubled film.
The movie is a disappointment -- not a stain on Benton's career as a serious and literate director, but only half the powerful drama it might have been.
Philip Roth's ambitious and literary novel is awkwardly adapted for the screen.
Even when miscast, [Hopkins and Kidman] are capable of spellbinding performances.
The Human Stain strains too hard for profundity and comes up borderline pompous.
Never jells as compelling or satisfying drama.
It's a dry, intellectual exercise better suited to tea and crumpets than soda and popcorn.
The first hour of their movie is quite fine, at times poignant, but ultimately the filmmakers give us a love triangle that all but erases one of its legs.
What's shattering is the utterly graceless way the book has been adulterated, condensed, simplified and made rather pointless.
Develops a restless, shifty rhythm wherein, too often, only the story's most incendiary, polemical aspects -- the ones where you feel like Roth is chastising you from some post-liberal, Jewish-intellectual Parnassus -- come bubbling up to the surface.
The filmmakers should've left this story on the bookshelf.
The Human Stain has those qualities we often want but rarely see in our films: intelligence and ambition, decency and humanity, poetry and pity, fire and ice.
Roth may be a brilliant writer -- he's got the prizes to prove it -- but he doesn't create brilliant characters (especially female ones), and his plots work better on the page than on the screen.
A strong, self-possessed film that strikes an emotional nerve without being overbearing the way so many Oscar-bait movies are this time of year.
This film tallies up the pain, the suffering and the loss that enter our lives when we refuse to acknowledge the shadow part of our selves and choose to live a lie instead.
Intriguing sendup of Political Correctness while showcasing a relationship of people with different social classes. races, and religion.
Crudded-up with self-regard, devoid of context, neutered by tastefulness and pointless to behold, it is also as miscast as any movie I've ever seen.
Between the labors of simplifying the story for the screen and accommodating the stardust of world-class actors, an essentially, uniquely American tragic hero and heroine are bleached of real American tragedy.
Undemanding viewers will probably find enough intriguing material here to make it worth a look, but I was too disappointed by the wasted potential to be enthusiastic.
The nerviest prestige picture of the season is fatally undone by a Clintonian mixture of misplaced care and bizarre expediency.
This is such a good story, and such a gifted cast and crew, that watching the film go off the rails is a real tragedy.
Young Coleman Silk (Miller) puts in an amazing performance that will most likely be forgotten with the heavyweight actors he is working with.
Startling revelations heighten interest when the essential foundation of love vs. sex goes impertinently ambiguous.
non-visionary filmmaking with one of the most insipid screenplays of the year
The symbolic weight lands, like most of the film's vain attempts at profundity, with a dull thud.
Actually, the film begins at an A level then gradually loses its grip on the audience.
Robert Benton's The Human Stain should be a lesson to us all: it is possible to make a film creakier than Guess Who's Coming To Dinner.
Hopkins and Kidman, both Oscar winners, give outstanding performances, but they are miscast
The Human Stain shouldn't leave an irrevocable blotch on anyone's career, but the film itself is a serious misfire
Bland and dull rather than disturbing.
All the talent and expertise has resulted in a film that, while poised and beautifully crafted, is emotionally detached and remote.
The movie's nature and content brings together a team of actors that's about as good as it gets and the ravishing Nicole Kidman has a few moments of sufficient artistry to give the members of the Academy some pause when they consider this year's nomina
The Human Stain is heavy going. It's the flashes of dramatic lightning that make it a trip worth taking.
Without the sardonic rant of Philip Roth, upon whose novel the film is based, the material plays as stale or preposterous.
Hopkins and Kidman enjoy the chemistry of Liza Minnelli and David Gest.
An intelligent adaptation of Philip Roth's arguably unfilmable novel.
The thriller aspects of the story and the overall solid level of acting -- including a sexy performance from a red-hot Nicole Kidman -- keep the audience interested but never fully emotionally involved.












@highlight

Though the acting is fine, the leads are miscast, and the story is less powerful on screen than on the page.