This wordless animated gem has finally made it to our shores, four years after its release internationally, and boy has it been worth the wait.
This colourful joyride is one that we insist you make and see the world through the eyes of a little boy.
It's filled with striking moments, but the general effect is more suitable to a midnight audience than a children's matinee.
The animation is lovely -- clean, pure and filled with aching, gorgeous colour.
In this film, Abreu takes many risks that pay off in terms of an aesthetic shift in styles and a masterful use of music, sounds and silences that are at once relevant and in harmony with the visual storytelling.
Considering the film's conspicuous music and fluid, colorful, dizzying tapestry, it seems that Abreu is more concerned with evoking emotions than presenting a clear arc. Until, that is, the very end, when he wields his sledgehammer.
...the Brazilian film Boy & the World by the director Alê Abreu... reminds you of what can be accomplished in this medium.
The Brazilian fable Boy and the World, one of this year's Oscar nominees in the Animated Feature category, is a stirring blend of gorgeous animation and a simple, heartfelt story.
A dazzler, with enough far-out 'head trip' moments to have qualified it for cult status during the era of the midnight-movie illegal smile.
Abreu's visionary movie is a restless and dynamic creature that is forever reconstituting itself into complex visual and musical landscapes.
Although the film is a bit abstract and largely free of dialogue (what little speaking there is is a whispered babble of tongues), it has a universal simplicity-we're seeing life through the wide, innocent eyes of a naif.
Kaleidoscopic in its opening up of brilliant color and of the troubling interaction between corporate "people" and flesh-and-bone people, between the environment and civilization.
Ale Abreu's animated film feels like a child's crayon drawing that was stuck to the fridge with a magnet that was somehow brought to life, set free into the world, and stumbled onto an adventure that is unlike anything you've ever seen or heard.
Boy and the World is the animated Playtime that you never knew you wanted.
Abreu has created a sensational piece of work that stands out because of how simple yet moving it is. [Full review in Spanish]
Even those who find fault with its core message will have to admit that 'Boy and the World' is a visually dazzling experience, although it might appeal more to adult connoisseurs of animation technique than to kids.
Abreu handcrafted his images, and the imagination from which those images spring is astonishingly fertile.
This Brazilian film isn't strong on story, but it does have incredible visuals. From abstract design to dazzling cityscapes, this is like seeing "Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds" for 80 minutes.
The little boy here... is one of the most distinctive and adorable animated characters you'll ever come across, and his introduction to "the world out there" is a moving revelation indeed.
Abreu must've had a blast drawing his many pictures for the movie, and it's certainly a blast to watch them come to life.
Abreu's populist message may not be subtle,but his vibrant depiction of how children come to understand deeper issues is what makes "Boy and the World" unique.
If you can stomach a metaphorical climax where a parade of hippies create a colourful phoenix with the power of music, but it loses a battle with an evil raven created by the military's black procession, you will probably be downright touched.
...if you can get past the hamfisted morality and simplistic political rhetoric, there is actually a well-made film here that's eye-grabbing, if nothing else.
This magical Brazilian fantasy by Alê Abreu reminded me of Nina Paley's Sita Sings the Blues and Tomm Moore's The Secret of Kells in its crafty combination of simply drawn characters (the boy) and ornate geometrical patterns (the world).
Writer-director Ale Abreu's use (sparing but striking) of the blank-page aesthetic makes the frequent, lavish splashes of kaleidoscopic color all the more interesting.
The make-believe world of "Boy and the World" is confusing, scary and gorgeous. But then again, so is the real one.
The pencil and crayon drawings come to vivid, colorful life to tell a more complex (if hardly subtle) story than you would expect.
Paints an impressionistic canvas of unease and disquiet, of hope and wonder, filled with glorious music. Magical... though sometimes it's black magic.
Unfortunately, the simplistic moral message of the movie and its insistence on remaining nonverbal make "Boy and the World" feel like something that would have been more tolerable as a 15-minute short than as an 80-minute feature.
This strange, lovely creation really is one of the year's absolute best animated films.
The wonder of life's shortest season, childhood, is explored in Boy and the World, a magical and often bleak parable about societal clashes.
Encapsulating the sheer, wonderful strangeness of Boy and the World in a written review is difficult.
It's beautiful to look at, and its fan-ciful visual design is charming.
An edifying and out-of-the-box animated feature from Brazil that charts the quest of a boy to find his father.
This modest yet meticulously hand-drawn effort strikes a powerful contrast between its often gorgeous visuals and its bleak subject matter.
As cartoons get slicker and ever more computerized, it's heartening to find stragglers that evoke the era of 2-D drawings.
With its simple animation, we see the world from a different vantage point, one that accesses the heart more than the brain and leaves a wordless film with quite a lot to say.
I would certainly recommend the 80 minute journey. There's no subtitles, but you don't need them because all the dialogue is in an imaginary backward version of Portuguese. Just sit back and let the images wash over you.
It is alive with music and color, fleshing out its basic plot with powerful emotion through both the grandest and smallest events and gestures. Don't miss this.
It's lovely, child's-eye fantasia.
Poignant hand-drawn story promotes family, environmentalism.
"Boy and the World" is dazzlingly colorful and alive, often resembling a more elaborate version of the kind of childlike drawings you probably have stuck to your refrigerator door right now.
Frame for frame, brushstroke for brushstroke, it's one of the year's prettiest films.
"Boy and the World" reminds viewers that an animated feature can be more intimate and personal than the big-budget CG extravaganzas produced by Hollywood studios.
It's hard to put into words the wildly imagined beauty of director Ale Abreu's drawing, with crayons and other tools kids might use.
Simply one of the most visually beautiful animated features ever made.
It's like some lost globally conscious colorfest from the 1970s, reinvented with Mr. Abreu's verve.
Subtle it's not, but this bleak fable does pack an emotional punch.
Tension between the city and the country has been a fertile topic for as long as there've been cities, and Alê Abreu's phantasmagoric The Boy and the World explores the eternal conflict in a familiar yet wholly original way.
It's both joyous and angry-an explosion of abstract colors that resolves into a vision of stooped human figures struggling to survive.
One wonders how receptive young audiences should be to a film that puts its storytelling secondary to its message-making.
...one of the year's best, if not THE best.
A simple, universal parable played out in boldly imaginative (though not particularly high-tech) design terms, Brazilian animator Ale Abreu's second feature, The Boy and the World, is an enchanting visual treat.
Even if the film could be accused of lacking subtlety and overloading on whimsy, it spreads a sobering message in a lucid story that remains visually alive and inventive throughout -- its aesthetic keeps constantly shifting yet remains fluid.
If you've ever yearned for an easy way to teach your primary aged children about the perils of corporate capitalism, this film is for you.
Though it can be blunt, the beautifully-rendered coloring book animation of The Boy and the World gels so well with its more adult themes that any flaws are largely forgotten.

@highlight

Boy and the World 's distinctive animation is visually thrilling -- and it's backed up with a daring, refreshingly different storyline that should enthrall younger viewers while resonating deeply with adults.