Washington directed as well as starred, and it is clear he has no trouble wearing both hats at once
This is a wonderfully acted and directed movie, that has something important to say
I was having mediocre day and I walked out of the movie totally pumped up and ready for the rest of the day, even though it was 10pm at night.
There's a real organic sense in the film of how young minds can be nurtured and energized way beyond sex, sports and slacker attitude, into caring and evolving kid works-in-progress. And how debating can be pretty cool too, who knew?
The acting is great and care is taken to develop these characters into people we can root for.
Enough fictional liberties were taken with The Great Debaters to make it fit neatly on the inspirational genre shelf, but it's grounded in enough reality to excuse Eisle's we-shall-overcome contrivances
Showcasing the history is done with care and purpose, but I wanted more. I wanted more time between Washington and Forest Whitaker. I wanted more...
Although we instinctively should be rooting for these characters, Eisele bends the rules of academic debate to make sure the outcome is never in doubt.
Nate Parker may end up the next Denzel Washington. He has the charm and emotional punch. Put him in more things.
Sometimes a movie is so literate, so positive and reveals such an intriguing piece of history that it's like a two-hour classroom session.
Denzel delivers both in front of and behind the camera with The Great Debaters.
As is typical of such fare, the primary goals are commendable for their well-intentioned earnestness, but zero points for such gluttonous condescension.
Despite its transparent manipulations, the film is more decent than it deserves to be, particularly when the kids step up to the podium and get passionate
With the help of a great screenplay and tremendous acting, this film ... soars above the typical minority/underdog formula to inspire more than it manipulates.
The Great Debaters handles conventions well, making an important piece of history affecting and resonant.
It's the sort of tradeoff Oprah makes daily, finding ways to represent those histories and experiences that are otherwise unrepresented%u2014ways that will appeal to a broad base and so, somehow, make differences.
. . . an engaging look at a time and place when black men and women had to fight for dignity and respect against overwhelming forces
The Great Debaters belongs in any year's-best conversation.
The Great Debaters is an amazing story, but it's the sensational direction and terrific cast that make the theme resonant.
For all of its hermetic dramatic license, "The Great Debators" hits its emotional marks with help from Forest Whitaker and a talented ensemble cast that includes Nate Parker, Jurnee Smollett, and newcomer Denzel Whitaker.
Not only is this a feel good story, but it's moving and inspirational for all.
Instead of exploiting this cruel reality, Washington's camera records both scenes of joy and scenes of tragedy with equal composure, never milking for effect.
It's terrifically acted, pretty much a given with this cast.
The plot holes and formulaic feel are overcome by the superb acting. As is true in the world of debate, carefully chosen and delivered words win the day.
As for Mr. Parker and Ms. Smollett, there's no debating what awaits them -- stardom, very soon.
The Great Debaters succeeds in bringing a lump to the throat without, as is de rigueur these days, insulting our intelligence.
It's about finding the courage to raise your voice in the face of great hatred, opposition and fear. That it comes by coincidence in the wake of the assassination of Benazir Bhutto gives it an immediacy and a power it otherwise might have lacked.
The packed house I saw the film with applauded at the end. You will, too.
a bit too obvious to be considered a true classic in the genre.
Inspiring if overly familiar story that owes its allegiance not so much to history (it alters many facts) as to Dead Poets Society, Hoosiers and countless other "carpe diem" flicks.
As director, Washington keeps the schmaltz to a minimum, making this inspirational tale tolerable.
Seeing Tolson expose his young students to the poets of the Harlem Renaissance and instilling in them a sense of pride and rebellion is inspiring... Tolson is a fascinating character who could command an entire movie himself.
The Great Debaters is well-acted, deeply felt and delivers a positive message about the importance of education.
Debaters is a real crowd-pleaser.
Washington the director certainly knows the strengths of Washington the actor.
The film may be manipulative in its construction, and cliché-ridden in some of the incidents it recounts, but it has a good, large heart.
...The Great Debaters soars with words and feeling.
A movie about ideas that's a bit too timid to actually be about them.
A sort of 'Glory Road' or 'Pride' rewrite that celebrates young people who are better at stringing words than shooting hoops or swimming laps.
In a season where so many of the films out there are dark, it's a pleasure to find a grown up movie that celebrates perseverance and hope.
Subtlety isn't exactly the strength of screenwriter Robert Eisele, whose biggest previous credit is the 2004 ESPN movie 3: The Dale Earnhardt Story.
The Great Debaters plays it way too safe, when life for the real people who inspired it was anything but.
It's yet one more of those average biographically based films that comes across as glossy, feel-good moviemaking rather than capturing the texture and fabric of a slice of history.
...it should find a solid audience with its inspired story and attractive cast that will do well with younger auds, too.
Well-Intentioned and well-executed, and recommended with reservations only because there's still something terribly troubling even about a feelgood flick packed with so many misrepresentations.
It's important, it's deeply inspiring, it's something from our not-so-distant past we must not forget, and it should be must-see viewing for high school and college students of all backgrounds.
It's as if Mr. Washington wanted to deliver a important story, but felt he had to stay firmly within the proven formula to get his message out.
A rouser, a stunner, almost a jubilee of emotion and suspense by the old standards of Hollywood melodrama, circa the time the actual events themselves took place.
Polished, pokey and cloyingly formulaic.
It's ultimately less a movie than a high-gloss civics lesson.
At the end of the film, we learn that many world-changing ideas originated in the Washington character's classrooms, so there are obviously great stories to tell. If only somebody could figure out how to tell them.
Resolved: No more movies can have inspiring, self-sacrificing teachers standing on desks.
As the kids struggle with their coach's tough love, their own hormones (at times, the team descends into a dysfunctional love triangle) and Jim Crow racism at its ugliest, it's easy to root for them.
The goal here is to educate and to inspire, and that's what The Great Debaters does.
There's so much to like in Denzel Washington's new movie, it's easier to accentuate the positive.
[It's] is history at its most entertaining, and a vivid reminder that we're all living in a country built and then rebuilt by people who turned their passion into logical, rational arguments that moved us, step by step, down the road to justice.
For a movie about a debate team -- one with the word 'debaters' in the title, no less -- Denzel Washington's second effort as a director doesn't have that much interest in what a debate looks and sounds like.
There are enough things to admire about The Great Debaters, the heavily fictionalized true story of The Little Debate Team That Could, that your impulse is to forgive the movie its shortcomings.
It's an inspirational film that wears its heart on its sleeve. But it's got a good, strong heart and, despite some awkward moments in the later going, it's an elegantly directed second effort from Washington.
Washington's charisma is on full display, and he makes Tompkins a figure of remarkable courage.
The Great Debaters keeps things on the surface and pushes the obvious buttons, hoping you won't notice its distinct lack of depth.
It makes learning look exciting and sexy and ... really hard.
Washington's crisp direction and the sharp performances help to leaven the inspirational emphasis of Robert Eisele's screenplay while steadily building tension. By the time it's over even cynics will be fighting the impulse to stand up and cheer.
There may be little here we haven't seen before, but rarely has it been executed this expertly.
Even if it does precisely what you expect it's going to do, you still love it for doing it so well and telling a tale that bears repeating.
The Great Debaters has value, to be sure, especially for teenage viewers. But serious moviegoers, especially those attracted by the movie's aggressive Oscar campaign, will likely find the package gorgeously wrapped but intellectually empty.
This fact-based drama is well-intentioned but gets a little bogged down in the details.
With Antwone Fisher and now The Great Debaters, Mr. Washington has made a pair of movies that dodge enough clichés to indulge in a few.
Conceived like a sports movie, this delivers passion, nuance, and historical insight along with unnecessary hokum.
As in Antwone Fisher, which helped make a star of Derek Luke, Washington draws effortless performances from his young actors, which go a long way in making The Great Debaters more enjoyable than you might expect.
Washington and the young cast carry everything off with unwavering conviction.
The Great Debaters is passionate in a professional way, a very fine movie that should have challenged its audience as much as it challenged its characters.
For a film about the power of speech, it's the quiet moments of rapture that say everything.
Philippe Rousselot did the cinematography, which is as alive to texture as Washington's ensemble-work is to mood. If the setbacks and victories click like clockwork, at least the clockwork here is fine-tooled and handmade.
An enjoyable, rousing film, despite its formulaic quality.
Even when it's just one person standing at a lectern, the frame is never static, the tension never slack.
There's an air of extreme predictability and inevitability in the script.
The quality of the performances is uniformly good.
The actor-director brings the energy and rhythms of a sports flick to a little-known bit of American history in his deeply enjoyable film The Great Debaters.
This is one of the year's best films.
All of this unfolds with such predictability, the title might as well be The Great Foregone Conclusion.
Working hard on both sides of the camera, Washington has grafted his intensity onto this production, giving it a kind of backbone it would not otherwise have.
Credit Washington for telling what might otherwise be a too-familiar tale with sensitivity and passion.
Washington succeeds in making debating as enthralling as contact sports.
Ultimately, as it should be, what carries the day is the power of the arguments and our recognition that it is forming these positions that will lead to the foundation of the civil rights era.
...enough to make you hope that one of these days Washington will forgo such conventional genre trappings and unleash his own Do the Right Thing.
As a movie, The Great Debaters misses too many possibilities, and harps on too many ancillary issues, to be stellar. It's solid, but that's all.
This is one of the better movies in recent years to address issues of racial inequality and the way in which individuals overcome them.
Washington's direction is never less than capable, and cinematographer Philippe Rousselot's images flow gracefully from scene to scene.
It goes down easy, has some great scenes, and knows how to tug on the heartstrings. But unlike its characters, it settles for less.
The bottom line is, this is a stirring portrait of African-American intelligence and pride, and if you poured this content over Tyler Perry's head, he would melt just like the Wicked Witch of the West.
A highly engaging, entertaining, occasionally thought-provoking, and even sometimes emotionally moving and touching offering that proves following a recipe isn't a bad thing, especially if it's handled just right
Washington as a filmmaker works in big, unsubtle moves, but this is a sizable story in the never-ending racial struggle so we'll let it slide.
The phrase "inspired by" may buy a filmmaker creative leeway, but it's at the cost of credibility with an audience.
As director, Washington makes speechifying as exciting as a touchdown run!
When The Great Debaters ends, expect to be uplifted despite the inherent schmaltz. Think about the film for any length of time afterwards, and the wheels of its storytelling undeniably begin to deflate.
A predictable but sturdy genre offering.
These students, the movie tells us, went on to become major figures in the civil-rights movement - and seeing how they got there is an illuminating lesson.
Were the film not so insistent on conventional payoffs, The Great Debaters could have been much more satisfying. As it is, it's a pleasant holiday film with a positive message.
This isn't just the story of a debate team, it's a captivating picture of what ambitious, intelligent black people faced (then), and still face today in some areas.
Ultimately, the film does work as an inspirational tale even if it requires way too much effort and patience on the viewer's part before it gets there.
Director Denzel Washington's The Great Debaters is pure Hollywood, not without its share of storytelling cliches and golden-toned inspirational teaching moments, but you know what? The results really are inspirational.
It's like the smartest kid in the class being content to slide by with a B instead of putting in just a little bit of effort for an A.
Though highly calculating and predictable, and pretty far from documentary status, it's still a remarkably entertaining example of the underdog-wins-against-the-odds genre.
Turns out Denzel Washington makes magic on both sides of the camera.
A classic story told traditionally and well: Hollywood at its classiest, if most predictable.
An absolute triumph for Denzel Washington. Here is a movie that can make a difference. What more can you ask from a film?
As the director, [Denzel] Washington brings no special stylistic flourish to the film, instead placing himself at the straightforward service of the Oprah Winfrey-produced story.
A perfectly respectable drama, made from the Inspiring Sports Movie template.
Now that it's possible to get stories about thoughtful African-Americans on the big screen, is it too much to ask that the stories be more thoughtful as well?
Terrific acting lights up this period drama directed by Denzel Washington.
The Great Debaters is one of the happiest surprises of the season; it's marvelously edifying entertainment you should not miss.
Yes, the agenda is obvious, but so is a bounty of talent and genuine entertainment.
Pic's emotional appeal is significant.
The film avoids potentially interesting frictions by always letting the team debate (and win) on the 'correct' side of every issue -- that which aligns with generally accepted modern liberal sympathies.
The story needed to be told, but like most inspirational sagas, whether based on fact or fiction, Denzel Washington's sophomore effort doesn't escape the genre's main problems of formulaic narrative and predictably uplifting outcome.
In the stacked-deck world of Robert Eisele's script, this team has an uncanny ability to grab the hindsight-friendly side of every issue.
Without unpredictability or the possibility of an unhappy ending, how can a film truly inspire?
An inspiring and well-acted film about an extraordinary African-American debating team in the 1930s with the talent and determination to excel.
Washington punches every emotional and thematic point in Eisele's script, which undermines the raw power of the story.
I had no idea that college debating was so boring. You will agree with me.
Stirring, likable and unashamedly formulaic.
An embarrassing chapter in America's history of race relations becomes the scene of wonderful uplift in Denzel Washington's moving and true story of how a small African-American college debating team took on Harvard's in 1935.








@highlight

A wonderful cast and top-notch script elevate The Great Debaters beyond a familiar formula for a touching, uplifting drama.