Though the dialogue is mostly improvised, it feels rooted in the relationships as well as pleasingly spontaneous.
Huge, primal emotions - grief, unrequited love, the longing for family - are expressed here as the everyday, and it's in this that Your Sister's Sister finds its quiet power.
Watching mortals sort through relationships is not just an intelligent way to spend an afternoon -- it's downright refreshing. The characters are so honest, so thoughtful, and so utterly real that you feel genuine interest in their plight.
The story unfolds subtly and without apparent effort, but it's the humour that provides the warmth and, combined with fabulous and endearing performances, makes this a joy.
It's comforting to watching dramatic and comic fiction regarding the things some of us actually have to deal with in life. When done right, those kinds of films are worth your time. YOUR SISTER'S SISTER happens to be one of them.
Even when the story line tries to wrench the characters in a certain direction, they keep returning to something real and honest. I want these people to be my friends.
Don't be surprised if you find yourself nodding off mid-movie, bored silly by a trio of good actors stuck in a dull scenario about a young man caught in a highly implausible kerfuffle involving two sisters and a leaky condom.
It's not rollicking summertime fare, and it won't offer easy answers. But it's an entertaining failure -- just like its characters.
Movies that start well and end badly occur often enough, and yet even knowing that is no preparation for what happens to Your Sister's Sister.
There is some witty banter and some interesting developments. The acting is solid by the three leads.
I think I need a break from Mark Duplass for awhile. At least, from the Mark Duplass who isn't arguing about fantasy football with Ruxin and Taco.
What could have been trite male wish-fulfillment is instead beholden to genuinely messy revelations: life as a tattered, living quilt we sew and wear as one.
It's in the completely natural interactions between this gifted cast that the film really hits its groove.
For a film that relies on conversation and connection, it's awfully plot-heavy, full of "Aha!" dramatic revelations that feel more suited to a soap opera than an indie dramedy.
This lo-fi comedy is big on charm but was a little too shaggy for my taste.
Although the action of Your Sister's Sister soars to an ultimately implausible conclusion, solid performances from Emily Blunt, Mark Duplass and Rosemarie DeWitt keep the overall piece afloat.
Your Sister's Sister is a fine piece of character observation. It's low-key, casual, and tremendously insightful. It won't be for everybody, but that's a good thing. It's a strong, focused piece of work.
One of the most purely pleasurable 'grown-up' films I've seen this year.
A trident of terrifically earthy performances grounds this sharp, twist-laden romantic comedy.
A wonderfully funny and uncharacteristically easy take on a genre that has been in disrepair for some time.
Deceptively meandering and unexpectedly complex, Your Sister's Sister combines a poignant, funny directness with a teasing incompleteness.
Right from the get-go, this indie American talkfest exudes a confidence, a composure and, dare I say it, a cool that extinguishes any cynicism in the room.
Structured more as a comedy than a drama, Your Sister's Sister is easy to like.
Everything that takes place on screen feels convincing as Shelton is more concerned with representing her characters truthfully rather than pushing an agenda.
The rom-com twists don't always work, but it's easy to fall for stars who clearly love acting together - particularly Blunt, who could make a paper bag dazzle.
The pleasures of this rom-com love triangle come from the performances, which beautifully describe the awkwardness, anxiety, sincerity and humour of the situation
When the heartfelt professions of love and soul-unloading declarations of betterment are emulsified down to mush, all that remains is a swiftly evaporating run-of-the-mill residue.
Enjoyable but surprisingly conventional contemporary (i.e., sexually frank) romantic comedy...
Thrives on awkward moments.
The dialogue feels organic and smart - like everyday conversation, only with words you got to try out first.
Even amidst the excessive chatter, Emily Blunt shines most of all.
An improvised pseudo-farce that tumbles into melodrama -- in between all the long, LOOOOoonng heart-to-heart talks.
One of the pleasanter surprises I've had this year.
Your Sister's Sister is a very sweet, very human feature that is also very, very funny. Much hay is made out of Mark Duplass' reaction shots, and that's just fine by me.
Behavior -- a mixture of scripted action and improvisation -- springs from a natural place, and while that can be uncomfortable as well as funny, it never rings false.
Such are the pleasures of improv when the players are as sharp and canny as they are here.
Lynn Shelton's fourth feature after her well-received "Humpday" demands more patience than understanding.
It's an oddly charming and entertaining film that works because it's willing to embrace the less savory side of its characters.
Although she would probably have liked a little more plot and polish, Nora Ephron would, I think, have approved.
Like a cool breeze, there is a light and fluffy feel to Your Sister's Sister that makes it the perfect palate cleanser in the middle of a hot, sweaty summer of explosions and superheroes.
There is so much good in the first hour that you can just about forgive its poorly written third act.
Involving and unexpected indie stands out from the crowd
There's a special satisfaction in hearing characters speak as if they just had arrived on the screen from the coffee shop adjacent to the movie theater.
This twisted tale has hidden agendas, pillow talk, latent romantic feelings, verbal fireworks and an ambiguous ending. As an avid bicyclist, the movie earns points from me in having Jack always wearing a helmet while riding. It loses its goodwill when...
Duplass is wonderful but even he can't shine as brightly as Emily Blunt.
Emily Blunt and Rosemarie DeWitt team up for good indie fun.
The film's conceits may be a bit too contrived and conventional, but nothing about these characters' interactions are forced. Your Sister's Sister is a welcome guest.
Good performances and a handy screenplay help things along, but these people find themselves more fascinating than I did.
Blunt and Duplass show enough star quality to ensure they will have plenty of work for many years to come.
It certainly shows that fine films don't need big budgets, capturing some sweet lightning in an arresting bottle indeed.
Romantic, funny, surprising and thoroughly involving, Your Sister's Sister is the rare film you give yourself over to completely.
There's a nice, loose-limbed improvisatory feeling to "Your Sister's Sister," a quality that identifies it as the work of artisans, not assembly-line professionals.
Much makes the viewer feel they're a fly on the wall, albeit a fly who has difficulty holding the camera steady or staying in focus.
The three leads gel intelligently in a scenario that might have been better suited to the stage.
Don't expect much, but it goes deep on character.
This is a smart, moving film that's also very, very funny.
The verbal agonisings are funny, skilful, revealing.
Likeable enough, but this is Shelton playing it safe.
Perfectly fine somewhere between the humor of discomfort and that brutality of the truth, sustaining its feel for family and the bond between loved ones with sure feel for splattery screen communication.
The acting in Your Sister's Sister is also top-notch and reason enough to see it, especially if you're a fan of the lovely Emily Blunt.
It's rare to find a film so heavy on the naturalistic realism that feels so effortless and unpretentious.
Your Sister's Sister was shot quickly and with an often improvised script, but it has an honesty which makes you care about the characters' fates.
The film's strength is in its realistic improvisation, like a window on three, average lives in a cocoon for a brief moment that will be easily forgotten tomorrow.
Lynn Shelton's follow-up to Humpday is an engagingly spiky, pleasingly unconventional comedy-drama with a strong script and a trio of terrific performances from its three leads.
This film should come with a warning: don't watch with a sibling. Unless you're up for some knowing elbow-digs.
It's small, but not simple. There are three shocking dramatic twists that feel completely earned.
Your Sister's Sister gets it just right, aided by Vince Smith's string--accented musical score and Benjamin Kasulke's luscious cinematography.
It's rare to see a movie that throws around this much raw emotion and still gets laughs.
Who are these people, and why are we watching them?
The sisters are merely agents in Jack's maturation in what is ultimately a Judd Apatow film on a microbudget.
"Your Sister's Sister" follows the indie-cinema blueprint to the letter with one exception: One of the film's characters is a lesbian.
A funny, small-scale charmer with a trio of dynamite performances.
In the very best sense, "Your Sister's Sister" almost feels like it's being made up as it goes along: organic, fluent and true.
As artificial as a Hollywood rom.com... With a different cast, a bigger budget, and some punched-up dialogue, it might have been made by Judd Apatow.
By the end of this graceful little emotional farce, you know these people, their hopes and their panic, and you wish them the very best.
...chick flick city...a ménage à trois-lite...agonizing to watch poor Emily Blunt laugh uproariously at contrived, slice of life conversation made with her sister
Shelton and her cast are so skillful that before long it seems we are not moviegoers watching a screen but flies on a wall witnessing real encounters and the beauty of the Pacific Northwest.
Honest and free-spirited, this romantic comedy is filled with genuine and uncomfortable moments that can only come when a trio of talented actors ... are invited to make it up as they go along.
An effortless, emotional, funny little indie that few people will see. Be one of them.
A very genuine film packed with smart observations about modern relationships.
The low-budget film relies on character authenticity but ultimately requires too much suspension of disbelief.
All three performers add both tone and, when required, a fierce volume to their interplay.
Mark Duplass has an amiable presence on screen and the film works best when he is in the picture.
A keenly observed romance whose apparent rough-edged naturalism masks a considerable degree of craft.
No question that Shelton and her cast share a remarkable collaborative rapport.
...it's a pleasure to watch these three [Duplass, Blunt and DeWitt] navigate complex emotional territory even though the final destination is never in question.
Since it's essentially a three-character movie, it's a good thing that the characters, and the actors who play them, can hold the screen.
The cast certainly seems to have fun with the material but while their improvisation gives the dialogue life, it also lacks a certain refinement that could've come from more time or a single hand.
Shelton's very gifted at avoiding the clichés of a story that could have easily weighed it down and made it just another generic Mumblecore drama.
Effective evidence that the emotional immediacy in the halting rhythms of extemporaneous speech can often trump the art of the well-chosen word. A film that is both warmly and naturally funny as well as uncomfortable and awkward.
Warm, funny and richly human, Your Sister's Sister delivers on the promise of Humpday and then some.
...about our desire for family, however unconventional.
Shelton is too much in thrall to improvisation, and letting the actors "find" their characters.
Shelton's work here suggests that mumblecore may be finding its way out of the artistic ghetto it's placed itself in.
It's a tribute to Shelton and her cast that they've made a film about the difficulties of love, friends and family look so easy.
...a deft blending of comedy and drama. It may not be the most credible film of the year, but I found it diverting and enjoyable.
Places too much external pressure on the characters; the conflict is already there.
The setup is intriguing, but just as Shelton gets her hands dirty with the mess her characters have made, it's winding down to a seemingly improbable conclusion.
Director Lynn Shelton garners three terrific performances from her leads, but she does so while losing sight of her most promising narrative thread.
It's pleasant as far as it goes. For all the blithe interaction among the central three performers, however, the material's conventional and predictable.
Finally, the writer-director has become known for effacing a high concept plotline with naturalistic performances and shooting styles.
Beautifully simple and downright extraordinary thanks to a cast that truly understands what Shelton and their characters want, and then go above and beyond with it.
Shelton's empathy for the characters bleeds through, even at their worst moments.
[It] was shot in a mere 12 days, on a budget that must have been minuscule. A couple of minutes after it's started, though, you know you're in the presence of people who will surprise and delight you.
An actor's movie, offering the small-scale pleasures of a good story well-told.
Duplass is doing his conflicted mumblecore thing quite elegantly these days, and he's joined here by Blunt's fragile Iris and DeWitt's alternately guarded and abrasive Hannah.
The picture is, intermittently, delightful to contemplate.
A romantic comedy about two sisters and their friend with three top-drawer and dazzling performances.
The jabber is maddening, but with all due respect, the actors are wonderful, the performances as natural as inhaling. Still, in Emily Blunt's case, there is such a thing as too natural.
The dialogue was largely improvised during a 12-day shoot, and the chemistry between the leads appears effortless.
A trio of superb performances guide a plot that pivots on secrets and lies before they fester. Your Sister's Sister works its way into your head until you can't stop thinking about it.
If HUMPDAY, and CYRUS hit the right notes for you, I'm sure you can certainly expect the same from YOUR SISTER'S SISTER. Perfectly acted.
The actors create a wonderful sense of intimacy that's vulnerable to chaos.
What sets Shelton apart is her interest in the way people can absorb acute discomfort and move on from it, even improving their lives because of it.
This time out, Shelton seems to be playing the part of someone who doesn't know how to finish what she started.
A spontaneous, engaging character study of three people alone in a cabin in the woods.
Your Sister's Sister moves far beyond easy conventions, and the rewards are all the richer.
Shelton manages to break past the genre's narrow social parameters to a moving story of grief, betrayal, and devotion.
The performance of Mark Duplass, who could be called Mr. Mumblecore for specializing in low-budget indies, is the reason to see this.
Barring some late-inning coyness, it's some of the truest, dinged-heart couples' circling of the year.
Expertly makes us squirm for about half its running time only to soothe us with empty pop-psych declarations.
Shelton has such sharp timing that it's hard to believe that each scene isn't carefully planned, instead of discovered in the moment.
Even when things get a little crazy and maybe even too soapy, "Your Sister's Sister" always feels like it's rooted in a tangible reality, a place of unpredictability and abiding humanity.
[VIDEO ESSAY] Mumblecore standard-bearer Lynn Shelton ("Humpday") shows promising signs of maturing with an originally executed romantic comedy.
A small indie with a big heart, Shelton's character study is a more mature and subtle feature than Humpday.
A quiet and well-told movie that wears its big beating heart on its sleeve.
Shelton's skill involves an ability to explore familiar situations with a flair for ambiguity, but plenty of payoff.
For long stretches in its first two acts, Lynn Shelton's film is distinguished by a disarming sense of freedom and spontaneity.
With this convoluted set-up in place, three actors with extraordinary chemistry play it all out to the end, and somehow the feeling deepens, even as the jokes spiral out of control.
The three leads are pitch-perfect here, loose and low-key yet fully in character.
Shelton is a wonder with actors and she mines some gold from this sitcom setup - DeWitt, in particular, showcases a spiky comic deftness.
Director Shelton just keeps getting better. An interpersonal drama, the story's offset with elements of a modern sex farce, blending and sculpting the whole into a fraught, funny weekend.
It's a hopeful, upbeat film about people finding comfort and strength in their loved ones, a rare feel-good movie that truly earns that designation.
'Your Sister's Sister' is an uncommonly smart and complicated romantic comedy, one that gets the laugh but doesn't look away from the fallout.
The superb performances certainly play an instrumental role in triggering the film's shift from passable to engrossing...
A lovely example of what a surefooted filmmaker can achieve with a game and talented cast and a generous, heartfelt story - demonstrable proof that small pleasures can be the most satisfying.
Shelton's clearly found her legging in order to create something that stays true to her indie ethics, while also creating something that can be accessible to wider audiences.
If the movie's sweetly earnest resolution scene plays a bit too easily, we like the characters too much to object.
The location of Your Sister's Sister is lovely, and the performances are top-notch, captured by Shelton in the same casually honest way that made Humpday such a delight.


@highlight

Superbly acted and satisfyingly engaging, Your Sister's Sister subverts rom-com conventions with sensitive direction, an unconventional screenplay, and a big heart.