... I was dozing off...
The impressively grim finale ensures that Knowing ultimately ends on a decidedly memorable note...
A damned entertaining movie despite the fact that it stars Nicholas Cage.
A shotgun spray of metaphysics, cosmology, the Old Testament, flying saucers, angels, spooky blonde-haired men in black trench coats, mysterious little black rocks, two cute kids and a moose on fire.
Suffice it to say that the last third is a mélange of Close Encounters and Christian eschatology, and you'll wish the film had stopped about 15 minutes sooner.
If those space-dudes are so friendly, why drive children insane with a bunch of weird code? Why not just show up on The Tonight Show and tell everybody the exact date and time? Lame! Also: Why fake Massachusetts? Why not just say: 'This is Australia.'
Knowing is about faith; the belief that one day the mysteries of the universe will be explained to us, and the knowledge that anything is possible.
It's a folly and a failure, but an intriguing one - an ambitious vision from a tremendous filmmaker that, sadly, had too much going on with not enough to say.
Alex Proyas has gone all out on a film which, unfortunately, will be seen by many as an interesting experiment gone awry, rather than the sci-fi masterpiece it aspires to be.
A slog through lazy writing, indifferent acting and blase direction with no hope of anything but chaotic violence as reward.
A broad, leisurely jumble of Alfred Hitchcock-style suspense architecture and a dreary, paint-by-numbers Sci-Fi Channel Original, Knowing only seems to extract two reactions: nail-biting and eye-rolling.
... starts off as director Alex Proyas's take on "Final Destination" before going all "Close Encounters" on us. If only we hadn't seen it all before.
Basically two movies wrestling around in a burlap bag full of rocks: one an ambitious, big-idea sci-fi yarn, the other a horror movie as dumb as ... well, that's where those rocks come in.
Pay attention to Mr. Proyas' lighting and set design as well as the intense disaster sequences that dot Knowing: As with the rest of his oeuvre, the movie looks great.
This year's prize for most ludicrous set-up and most ludicrous punchline
Knowing feels like a bunch of cool ideas that were strewn about a table, picked up, shoved together, tied up with duct tape and, somehow, managed to stay working for the ride.
Knowing is a bit of a revelation. Against all odds, it's not actually half bad.
Even with its intriguing, sci-fi-ish setup Knowing finds a way of consistently striking all the wrong notes.
Excessive finale aside, its novel concept makes for a mental and action package worth seeing.
Among the most troubling elements of 'Knowing' are its dark cinematography, outlandish plot, and a less-than-memorable performance by Nicolas Cage.
Sometimes it's nice when movies do things you never saw coming. Knowing is an exception.
Knowing that 'Knowing' is not worth your money is probably your best bet in movies to not pay for this weekend.
Some producers sat in a screening room and thought, "Wow, this is gonna be great!" I give the filmmakers kudos for fully committing to an ending that others might have tried to mitigate or avert. They also fully committed to the immensely stupid surprise
while the film deals with disaster, it's not quite the cinematic disaster that many were expecting.
click for full review
The plot, too, is a sham (shades of Signs and Close Encounters), and Proyas's slick visuals do little to dress it up.
... the movie features huge gaps in logic, and human behavior that can't even begin to be justified.
Presságio é o que Sinais e Os Esquecidos tentaram desesperadamente ser.
Trades occasional moments of inspiration for obvious allegory and second-hand action sequences that shoot for stark seriousness but can barely pass for pop spectacle.
Knowing's premise is intriguing, even if it ends up being a familiar race-against-time-disaster-movie.
The movie has all the thematic depth of a really great arthouse film wrapped in the action and excitement of a first-rate Hollywood action picture.
If... you want your 'sense of wonder' piqued, and are willing to contemplate some big and possibly alien concepts, this takes you to some unexpected places.
Rather like watching an intricately arranged set of dominos starting to topple. That's neat. I didn't see that one coming, you think, as yet another train carriage joins the pile-up.
The final message may be trite, even saccharine, but Knowing would be pretty well unbearable without it. Proyas has made a truly haunting and terrifying film.
I'm a bit on the fence with Knowing. It is well made, and bleak as hell, but just has a little too much going on for me to recommend it.
A mind-blowing blend of apocalyptic imagery and metaphysical discussion that is easily the best film of its type since "Southland Tales" (and I should stress that I mean that as a compliment).
Well done for 100 minutes; then it completely falls apart.
As well as being perversely pessimistic for a blockbuster, it's rendered tedious by a dense plot and lifeless characters. Even M Night Shyamalan would have done a better job. How dare such an empty film ask us to endure many realistic scenes of carnage?
It's intriguing B-feature apocalypse, determinism versus free-will stuff.
It has a wicked premise and many fascinating themes but, overall, it becomes a little bit silly towards the end.
I like the sheer quantity of ideas in this film, but I am not sure that they all fit so nicely together. I expect with some thought the flaws will seem less important and the audacity of the plot will win out.
It predicts a future when people act courageously and selflessly to preserve their families and the future of mankind. I can get behind that.
It probably helps that the trailer flatlined our expectations, but the engaging, unconventional Knowing certainly qualifies as a pleasant surprise.
Somewhere in amongst the mystery/thriller/horror/sci-fi/drama genre-bending shenanigans something gets seriously lost.
An earnest Cage lends some gravitas to a film of amazing coincidences and less than amazing special effects that sci-fi fans will embrace until something better comes along.
A ticking-clock thriller turned full-blown horror, Alex Proyas's film isn't the first to feature Cage wandering about bewilderedly. At least I Am Legend had a dog.
Less mysticism or numerology, than really frightening spookonometry, and craftsmanship teeming with nightmarish imagery that takes your breath away, even with all sorts of outlandish premises afoot. ET, or rather EE with rabbits and a hearing aid.
As threats of annihilation go, the imperfect but effective Knowing presents its big picture with thoughtfulness and style.
Knowing has a far more insidious agenda: to convince non-believers like Cage, an embittered, alcoholic atheist since his wife's death, there is intelligent design in the universe.
Mixing Spielbergian child-like wonder, disaster movie spectacle and the cod-religious silliness of M Night Shyamalan's 'Signs'. The premise is compelling, but the execution is over-cooked.
A clunky screenplay doesn't help matters, but the spectacularly shoddy special effects are the nail in the coffin for this doomsday scenario.
Some movies, however unpromising, can be saved by a great ending. Here is one.
Knowing isn't good, exactly, but for connoisseurs of good-bad, it hits the spot like an asteroid.
What starts out as a tense and interesting movie slowly becomes an end of the world sci-fi mess that is too long and not exciting enough.
'Knowing' this film certainly isn't, but if special effects are your thing, you'll enjoy the ride.
Stylishly directed by Alex Proyas (who made I, Robot) this is quite simply over-the-top bonkers.
I've discovered a set of letters predicting when a catastrophically bad film is about to occur. They are NICOLASCAGE and, once again, the man who's given us more turkeys than Christmas is party to another shocker.
It really shouldn't take itself so seriously because the plot is, to be frank, a load of sci-fi nonsense which stretches the suspension of disbelief beyond breaking point.
The film's final third [is] a mélange of Close Encounters of the Third Kind and Christian eschatology that will make you wish the film had ended 15 minutes sooner.
It has nothing but the most simplistic of insights, it mistakes mood for suspense, and even the special effects don't break new ground. A disappointing offering from one of Australia's most talented genre directors.
The slam-bang set pieces deliver. So, with his spooked features and breathy-orotund voice, does Cage.
Proyas has once again taken an interesting piece of science fiction and turned it into an action movie, in which potentially interesting ideas get short shrift.
Despite burning his credibility card with a chorus line of cinematic crap, Cage seems to have (finally) picked decent material, and he turns in a solid performance here.
For sci-fi fans, this could become a contemporary classic.
You're better off not knowing.
The CGI is unconvincing, the big shock-and-awe finale is a throwback to the days of Deep Impact, and underneath it all is the nervous American insistence that there is life beyond the stars.
Even Cage's hair weave is less amusing than usual, while a so-bad-it's-boring plot speeds along with all the urgency of a snail setting out for a potter about the garden.
Knowing, though the story of disasters, isn't a total disaster itself. It's just too ambitious for its own good.
Know1ng is a terrible movie. But for sheer "you can't do that. You CAN'T do that. Did they just do that?" slack-jawed, drop- yer-popcorn astonishment, it's hard to see how this will be beaten in 2009.
Knowing is a glorified episode of The Twilight Zone. A mish-mash of films such as Deep Impact and Close Encounters that manages to be serious and unimportant at the same time.
An expletive-filled expression of utter bewilderment awaits anyone who stumbles into what must surely be a new frontrunner for the barmiest blockbuster ever made.
It's the worst kind of idiocy, the kind that's wholly invested in its own profundity.
In the end, the whole thing's rather preposterous -- but you gotta admire Proyas' nerve for going there.
Stars Nicolas Cage in one of the actor's better commercial efforts, which is good news for Cage, since he needed a movie that was an improvement over the dreck he's been shucking to audiences for far too long.
what at first seems a simple premise with a dumb-assed popcorn resolution might well unravel in your head into something altogether more resonant and perplexing (or not).
An uncommonly smart and ultimately moving film.
Cage is back to form after recent awful films like The Wicker Man and Bangkok Dangerous. Proyas encourages Cage to under-play with conviction. And the result is thrilling.
Factor in devoted performances from Cage and pouting beauty Rose Byrne as his accomplice, plus some perilously neglected children, and the result is... well, downright cha-hEE-zy at times, but also rather shamefully delicious.
Hugely enjoyable, surprisingly dark thriller with a strong premise, great performances and terrific special effects.
Stands a very good chance of being in the running for best bad movie ever made.
The good news is that M. Night Shyamalan doesn't have to feel quite so ashamed of himself anymore.
It has a wacky premise and an ending that blows your mind but it sure does hold your interest.
Unfortunately, the movie gets nutty in its second half (probably the same half that will endear the film to its inevitable cult fans).
I know for sure Knowing is an apocalyptic allegorical sci-fi film whose plot is absurd, even for a B-film sci-fier.
Knowing may not be a great film, but it is a genuinely good science fiction thriller that is genuinely haunting.
I don't know if I can find words to adequately express just how bad Knowing is, but I'm going to try, in the hopes that perhaps I can save you spending your own hard-earned money in a tight economy on a truly wretched movie-going experience.
The film takes our expectations and rattles them around a bit, and it may be just the sort of thing that can tease us into active thought about what we believe and why.
As for the supernatural ending, let's just say the giant alien squid that was cut from Watchmen would have made more sense.
There's nothing really special about this film, other than an interesting premise.
Things started to fall off of the deep end very quickly.
If Alex Proyas' Knowing were reasonably entertaining -- instead of just dour, pointless and tedious -- it would be a camp classic.
If you want to know how inept the movie is...well, it's so inept that you may wish you were watching an M. Night Shyamalan version of the very same premise.
...is better than THE WICKER MAN remake. But not by much.
the words "trite" and "ludicrous" come to mind and lodge there.
Knowing's path is so far fetched, disturbing and down right awful that I would expect to find very few people who enjoyed this film.
It's the movie Keanu Reeves' Day the Earth Stood Still remake wished it could have been.
An anticlimactic, idiotic leap into low-end Shyamalan-ian insanity with a touch of moderate fundamentalism. Nicolas Cage's performance is deserving of another YouTube ode to awfulness, and only disaster scenes elevate it above straight-to-DVD status.
A few may find revelation in this awkward fusion of 'Left Behind' meets 'Close Encounters', but most will simply find grave disappointment
I started out loathing this movie. I thought the director had flipped out and was taking the long way 'round to get to the point. By the time it was over, and I had gasped out loud at its amazing finale, I knew I wanted to see it again.
Nicolas Cage finally has an excuse for his Joey Tribiani 'smell the fart' acting style. The movie stinks.
"Front-loaded with a pervasive sense of unease ... but once the plot's wheels start grinding in earnest, [it] follows that runaway subway train off the rails."
So silly that it not only strains credulity--it shatters it and then stomps it into infinitesimal pieces.
An exciting , if not entirely plausible, sci-fi thriller. After this one, 'Next' and the 'National Treasure' movies star Nicolas Cage clearly likes 'Knowing' things before the rest of us.
Chaos -- and a bad script -- threaten the human race.
Knowing is a complex movie that is waaaaay out there. Sure, these ideas are pretty far on the fringe, but they make for some pretty exciting movie watching.
Apocalyptic sci-fi thrillers are supposed to be thought-provoking and supernaturally suspenseful, but this is just paranormally dopey.
Imagine that the nitwits who wrote those preposterous Left Behind apocalyptic end-times fantasies decided to try their pens at something X-Files-y...
A big creepy sci-fi thriller -- or two-thirds of one, anyway.
Feels like the sort of poorly defined spiritual salve that M. Night Shyamalan concocts in between preening sessions in front of the mirror.
This is a strange, scatterbrained hybrid of disaster movie and theologically minded science fiction. It's like The Happening with math.
The movie dissolves into Cage running around trying to warn people about the numbers, but he doesn't know exactly what is going to happen or where it's coming from, so we get the crazy doomsayer routine by day and boozing while lamenting by night.
The movie begins shameless, grows stupid and winds up silly. If the ending had less of the air of a crackpot religion and more pretentiousness, you could almost call it Shyamalanish.
An uneasy blending of sci-fi and religion, fate and faith -- the same mish-mash that has bedeviled most of M. Night Shyamalan's recent movies, and leaves this film leaden with self-importance.
Criticisms of story and acting seem nitpicky in the face of the special effects, which are frankly awesome.
It's pretty much impossible to take the rest of a film seriously once you've seen a flaming moose running toward the camera in slow motion.
Knowing is a Sweet 'n' Low movie: It's good most of the way, but the aftertaste lingers unpleasantly.
The frustrating thing about Knowing is the story is worthy. But director Proyas tries to cram too much in, as if the tricks and effects wizardry are all that really counts. They aren't.
The narrative corner into which this movie, directed by Alex Proyas, paints itself is a simultaneously silly and morbidly depressing one.
For me, it doesn't quite work; still I'm glad he took the risk.
In many ways, it's a thriller undone by its scale; the premise, which is undeniably fascinating, would have been better served by a smaller budget and tighter focus -- anchored not by explosions, but by psychology, mood and suspense.
Its breathlessness and permanent state of confusion make you long for the assured touch of M. Night Shyamalan.
...so convoluted, idiotic and preachy that it plays like M. Night Shyamalan adapting the Left Behind books. Only dopier.
It's the next bold entry in the genre of Hilariously Terrible Nicolas Cage Movies.
There's no time for romance, charm or comedy. The haunted characters in Knowing compete for the best graveyard looks.
Knowing takes an interesting premise and all but destroys it with a final act that's, at select moments, jaw-droppingly ludicrous.
Despite an intriguing premise and a handful of exciting special effects scenes, this science fiction thriller lumbers along like an overweight leviathan, unable to see much past its own nose - let alone into the future.
A wacked-out, quasi-religious 'Donnie Darko' for dummies... It earns my endorsement not because it's coherent but because it's so over the top it kept me engrossed for its full 122 minutes.
Once you get past the typically and needlessly convoluted way otherworldly beings communicate with us, this "Twilight Zone"-like tale tantalizes%u2014and delivers three extraordinary disasters that alone are worth the price of a ticket.
There's nothing to do but shake your head in awestruck wonder: as much for its squandered beginning as for its truly ridiculous conclusion.
Alex Proyas keeps the picture moving briskly while injecting it with some deep-rooted philosophical underpinnings.
Knowing has a very gripping beginning and then just slowly lets the audience go until the film becomes a laughable cliché. One of the worst of the year so far!
Parental Content Review
Seldom has one movie offered so much fertile ground for ridicule...
You will be on the edge of your seat the entire time %u2026 constantly trying to work up the will to just walk away from this monster before it destroys your love of movies and Nicolas Cage forever.
Alex Proyas has taken what began as a fairly basic sci-fi concept built on the idea of a 50 year time capsule, to heights of psychological and visceral bravado.
A solid escapist cinematic experience enhanced by its chilling symbolism, filled with tension and thrills, fabulous special effects and a monumentally big scale ending.
The draggy, lurching two hours of Knowing will make you long for the end of the world, even as you worry that there will not be time for all your questions to be answered.
The movie's big, dumb elements come in all the wrong places; they provide lots of anxiety but little relief.
Ambitious but overwrought.
If you like bad taste, crazy explosions, death, pointless aliens intruding into everyday life and manic Cage-iness, then here's your next opportunity to enjoy 120 minutes of the stupidly awesome.
Well-directed by Alex Proyas with just the right emphasis on the spooky and unexplained, Knowing is most interesting at the start.
Despite the concept, despite the relatively solid and even exciting first half, the last fifteen minutes of Knowing left me squirming in my seat. Seriously.
Knowing is like two movies crammed into one, and though it tries to make up for the identity crisis with a shocking twist ending, it's the film's ham-fisted finale that's ultimately to blame.
It's just engaging enough to make you accept the possibility that two kids from the Boston suburbs may just be mankind's only hope for the future and just exciting enough to make you forget that you're watching a Nicolas Cage movie.
In the film's conclusion Proyas undoes most of his good work from earlier, resulting in the disappointing ruin of what could have been a rather thought-provoking story.
Knowing is one of the dumbest films audiences are likely to see this year.
Knowing" is one of those movies that when you get to the lobby, you begin asking yourself or others a lot of questions about why did they do this, or why was that required.
A stunning film laced with absorbing performances, jarring special effects, and atmospheric set design. It has been a long time since a film has evoked as many creepy, spine deep tingles as this one.
Knowing starts out strong, but despite some impressive (and very intense) visual effects, unravels as it goes on.
Entrancing even when it is at its most outlandish, Knowing is a breathtaking metaphysical rumination that, in the final seconds, actually caused me to cry out loud in uninhibited glee.
As Knowing gets increasingly preposterous, and Cage's stony deadpan acting seems even sillier in context, a kind of slack-jawed joy may overtake you. How on earth did this movie get made?
He's like Mel Gibson in "Signs," only his visitors know how to open doors.
daring and deliberate, as if Proyas wanted to purposely undermine the expectations of the standard popcorn pandering
A little levity, applied at key moments, might have helped it make its points and lend plausibility to its characters.
If you're of a mind to believe a dreary and far-fetched thriller about numerology-crazed alien life forms, then you may find the movie mildly diverting.
It is predictable hogwash, and it gets even hogwashier until it arrives at an ending that manages to be inevitable, uninspired, and preposterous.
Was there a prediction of this laughably bad movie in The Mothman Prophecies?
The resolution of the mysterious visitors' mission and John's crisis of faith feels more like an excuse to stage some hellacious cataclysms than the product of a genuine belief in anything at all.
Give Knowing credit for the courage of its convictions and an ending so nutty I had to laugh out loud.
Hokum is best served straight, not as a New Age cocktail with too many ingredients.
A not-bad supernatural-tinged sci-fier that has more on its mind than the run-of-the-mill effects-driven extravaganza.
Too bad that the gifted Proyas (Crow, Dark City) doesn't work more often, and when he does, he contributes to a hodgepodge narrative, which tries to satisfy fans of every genre: actioners, thrillers, apocalyptic sci-fi, disaster flicks, and so on.
The dialogue is sci-fi standard-issue, composer Marco Beltrami shamelessly cribs from Bernard Herrmann, and wispy Rose Byrne barely registers as Cage's ally.
Knowing is only half the battle
Knowing has the evangelical fervor of a movie that feels as if it were made during W's first term. Which is to say, Knowing is as potent a slice of disaster porn as Left Behind. It dabbles in faith and doubt and has no patience for f
A weird and gloomy existential thriller.
It's meant to be creepy, but the movie's gloomy atmospherics are consistently undone by Cage's strange, disinterested (and possibly Botoxed) performance.
Alternately ludicrous, eerily plausible and just a tad overreaching, the film shares its finer points with shortcomings and comes up with an overall cinematic experience more ambitious than most big-budget special effects extravaganzas.
It's a Nicolas Cage movie, so, admit it, you're expecting crazy. You have no idea.
Proyas remains a skilled director of mood and spectacle, but a striking look and a handful of remarkable setpieces -- look out for that plane -- can't elevate what's ultimately a silly movie with a queasy subtext.
The promise that Alex Proyas showed with 1998's Dark City is only very sporadically evident in Knowing, the director's second sci-fi saga.
The slovenliness of the filmmaking is embarrassing.
Knowing is among the best science-fiction films I've seen -- frightening, suspenseful, intelligent and, when it needs to be, rather awesome.
[A] lugubrious thriller.
Too ridiculous to be taken seriously and too serious to be dismissed as mindless trash.
Knowing is a classic case of a movie that is crammed with interesting ideas but is unable to conceptualize them in a compelling fashion.
Ultimately the one who gets burned is Cage, a 1996 Oscar winner whose once-promising career is boarding the mother ship for oblivion.
A strange blend of apocalypse fantasy and Christian uplift, Alex Proyas' follow up to I, Robot is every bit as beautiful as we'd expect, though not quite as tasteful.
It's all very creepy, satisfyingly so.
The dizziness of it all might not have been so obvious had we not had a long prologue and a finale that climaxes with two or three anti-climaxes, a couple of them laugh-out-loud silly.


@highlight

Knowing has some interesting ideas and a couple good scenes, but it's weighted down by its absurd plot and over-seriousness.