Plodding biopic.
The key to the film is in the performances by Spall and Stevenson -- and by Marsan. The utter averageness of the characters, their lack of insight, their normality, contrasts with the subject matter in an unsettling way.
A suitably sombre treatment of a sombre story, Pierrepoint is nevertheless a riveting drama, sketching out not only the salient facts of Albert Pierrepoint's life but the turmoil in which that life caused in his soul
Albert Pierrepoint single-handedly killed over 450 people in his career, dispatching most of them with an icy precision in less than 30 seconds.
Conceived as a television film, this recreation of the life and times of hangman Albert Pierrepoint is both unfalteringly grim and mesmerisingly watchable.
Spall is more than worthy of future leading roles.
Overdramatizes Albert's 24-year career.
Based on their press materials, they think they have made a film damning capital punishment and exploring Britain's most famous executioner. In fact, they haven't. But they have made a film of artistic beauty and endless fascination.
Grim and disturbing yet perversely riveting.
The movie grows more compelling in the latter half as British public opinion turns against capital punishment and Pierrepoint begins to have his own doubts.
There is a great deal of food for thought in a film that personalizes the effects of the death penalty on both the executed and the executioner.
A genuine and skillful account of one of Britain's most morally ambiguous working-class characters.
...a powerful pairing of work by two terrific actors [Spall and Stevenson].
The very title of this movie seems to message its doom. What could possibly be dramatic enough about Britain's last hangman to carry our interest over a 90-minute film? A whole lot, it turns out.
A completely engaging film. It's all about performance, and Timothy Spall is riveting as the earnest hangman. If you're desperate for a movie that has nothing to do with sequels or product placement, look no further.
[The film's] grittiness instantly adds to the historically and socio-economically convincing picture of working-class Yorkshire in the last century.
Very much a bookend to Vera Drake in its mixture of post war British reserve and ugly reality. [Actor] Spall makes it work, creating a little man with big and terrible secrets.
The shot angles, the gray look of the film as a whole and Timothy Spall's spectacular and understated performance as Pierrepoint make this one of the most powerful anti-capital punishment films I've seen.
Handsomely crafted and well-acted, but its sense of scale is as constricted as a noose.
It's Timothy Spall who really carries the film.
You have to wonder just how true to life the melodramatic depiction of these events is.
Whether the real Pierrepoint, who died in 1992, had a clear conscience, the portly Spall creates the perfect impression of a quietly decent, proud man who is overwhelmed by unwanted celebrity and by one too many jerking ropes.
An emotionally powerful drama about the dirty business of capital punishment.
The shocker near the end is one of the more heartbreaking pieces of cinema in quite a while.
As this sad, shambling antihero swings from one pole to the other on the issue of capital punishment, you are inclined to follow every step of the way toward his tragic enlightenment.
the end result feels like business as usual done by-the-book.
This measured bio-production might be viewed as a lesser companion piece to Vera Drake -- although in the case of Pierrepoint, all the period-piece tastefulness makes for a story more instructive than emotionally tangible.
Pierrepoint turns a morbid subject into a fascinating case study of the last official prison executioner in England. The result is both a balanced, carefully researched film and a thoughtful, reflective treatise on capital punishment.
An empathetic portrait of a complicated figure, chronicling the mounting toll which his work in the gallows gradually took on his psyche and private life.
Pierrepoint is worth seeing for Shergold's attention to process and for all the ghoulish details.
At once desperately grim and unnervingly gripping, providing an exacting sense of the detail and procedure that went into death by hanging.
Director Adrian Shergold and screenwriters Jeff Pope and Bob Mills take certain liberties with the facts of Pierrepoint's notorious career, but only to offer better insight into his complex personality.
See it if you're a fan of serious, literate drama and virtuoso acting.
The filmmakers fall through their own trapdoor, using the hangman's story to fashion a preachy anti-capital punishment message movie that seems at odds with the man himself.
Morbid Goths and reserved Anglophiles can at last find some common ground
Reaches for complexity but ends up, as you'd expect from a partnership with Masterpiece Theater, rendering Pierrepoint palatable as a decent, principled chap who was just doing his job.
The movie hits its message a little too emphatically, and its narrative unwinds a little too schematically. But Spall's performance, along with that of Juliet Stevenson as his devoted and sometimes credulous spouse, keeps things grounded.
This recounting of Pierrepoint's rise and fall proves mostly a schematic message movie.
Handles capitol punishment in a similar way that "Vera Drake" tackled the abortion issue ... allows Timothy Spall's resplendent dramatic chops to shine.
Effectively shows how an executioner kills over six hundred people before coming to end of his rope.
Avoiding the thornier issues around dabbling in a career choice as a kind of government sanctioned serial killer, hangman Pierrepoint instead boasts of his apparently unique talent for completing an execution in record seconds.
Spall is the perfect character actor for the part, managing to convey both a strange sympathy and sadness as he stares into the eyes of his doomed charges.
There's also strong support from Juliet Stevenson and ... Claire Keelan, who stands out in a small role as, well, a tart.
The actors' understated performances, coupled with an underwritten screenplay, ultimately leave the audience dangling.
In the wrong hands this could have been capital punishment, but as a low key drama about one man's unique approach to life and other people's deaths, it's actually just, er, capital.
Compelling, powerful filmmaking.
What the film does have, however, is the courage of its dark convictions; it's a bleak subject and, commendably, the director doesn't shy away from it.
Shergold can't quite pull off tricky balancing act between understated working-class poetic miserablism, in the manner of acknowledged exemplar Vera Drake, and an issue-based melodrama's demands for a flashy third-act.
Dark but absorbing.
...there's little doubt that the film will work just as well on the small screen as it does in theaters.




@highlight

Director Adrian Shergold doesn't shy away from the darker elements of the movie's subject, and Timothy Spall is mesmerizing as the title character.