A taut thriller with assured performances from its central core, the film eventually finds itself exactly where logic would expect it to be.
It has a humid sense of place, a few effective twists, and most importantly a terrific primary villain.
The brothers take a lean screenplay and turn it into a memorable thrill ride.
Bad Turn Worse is a taut noir tale, bolstered by a trio of excellent lead performances and a well-plotted script.
Directors Zeke and Simon Hawkins add air-quote references to Jim Thompson, Steven Soderbergh, and the Coen brothers but are too proud of the movie's twists to make them truly snap.
Entertaining pulp.
Another super-solid indie thriller along the lines of Blue Ruin & Cold in July. Highly recommended.
Bad Turn Worse isn't bad, it's simply generic, but it owns its genre with such swagger one can't help but look forward to seeing these actors, directors and writer in action again.
Bad Turn Worse is an oddly blended heist-rom-dram, but a few memorable scenes will undoubtedly lead to some huge opportunities for those Hawkins boys.
Bad Turn Worse doesn't quite live up to the Jim Thompson aspirations, but fortunately it doesn't live up to its title, either.
A shambles of stereotypes and predictable plot points. ... However, there's something special and almost good in Bad Turn Worse.
The Hawkins brothers make the action compelling, nicely capture small-town dead-endedness, and provide emotional voltage throughout. Peformances, too, are impressive, with Pellegrino a standout as the baddie.
Sparse and fraught with tension, "Bad Turn Worse" is a smart character piece with a deadly edge.
It's a confident, engaging film, undone by some narrative sag in the middle but worth seeing for its opening and closing acts.
"Bad Turn Worse" simply peters out by the night of the big heist, never achieving more than being imitative of small-town noir instead of getting inside it.
A juicy neo-noir like "Bad Turn Worse" doesn't have to make total sense to grab you. All it has to do is spit like a snake enough times to show that it means business.
This cowboy noir works fine as a genre riff, but screenwriter Dutch Southern draws so liberally on the work of Jim Thompson, Cormac McCarthy, and the Coen brothers that he ought to take them all out for drinks.
Had the film not been so open about its ambition, maybe its mediocrity wouldn't seem quite so galling.
Southern does a nice job balancing out the super-obvious plot twists with the ones you don't see coming, and even when the characters more cannily constructed than realistic, the Hawkins brothers and the cast play it pretty straight.
Bad Turn Worse takes its best shot at the slow-motion apocalypse that was Jim Thompson's specialty, and most of the film is beautifully claustrophobic.
For all its familiarity and rote nastiness, the film's sharply crafted and quite promising.
Sibling directors Simon and Zeke Hawkins turn in a commendable effort with this indie crime thriller.
First-time feature directors Zeke and Simon Hawkins deliver a smart, polished feature from a twisty, tightly constricted script.
A reminder that crime movies pointedly inspired by other, better genre films can still be enjoyable, if they wear their influences lightly and cleverly connect them to something tangibly human.
An intriguing teenage riff on Texas pulp noir that doesn't quite reach the heights to which it aspires, We Gotta Get Out Of This Place is nevertheless a hardnosed, well-acted crime drama that effectively evokes locale and mood.
A tight, properly convoluted slice of contemporary noir.
More than anything, this is a great showcase for what the Hawkins brothers can do on a very tight budget.
Lean, mean and highly watchable -- a genre exercise that introduces a promising directing team who already show considerable command of their craft.
The Hawkins brothers have style to spare, though they can't decide whether they've nabbed it from Richard Linklater or Sam Peckinpah.
A twisty slice of pulp fiction bigger on atmosphere than credibility.
There is talent and ambition here: the film has style, mood, references - and, inevitably, a great opening and credit sequence - though it's short on substance.
With solid performances from all three leads and lovely twilight photography, the stage is set for a heartfelt coming-of-age drama - but the dire script has other ideas.
Fast-paced, pulpy action that deserves a look.
The unfamiliar young cast all show a lot of potential in a well-thought-through, sting- in-the-tail plot. It's a well-assembled genre movie rather than a great statement, but none the worse for it.
Though its influences (Badlands, early Coens) are writ large, and the denouement disappoints, the performances convince, the dialogue captivates and the sense of backwater boredom is overpowering.
The Hawkins brothers derive captivating performances from their talented central trio, and the sense of place and complicated character interplay proves very engrossing.
The Hawkins Brothers keep things moving at a decent pace over its efficient 90 minute running time, generating a suitably tense atmosphere throughout.
We Gotta Get Out of This Place is screenwriter Dutch Southern's first produced script, and please God, don't let it be his last. From the grimy atmosphere of the town, to the bravura of his raw and untouchable dialogue - he's a wizard of words and mood.
The degree to which We Gotta Get Out of This Place eventually peters out is, to put it mildly, rather disappointing...
Gorgeously photographed, the Hawkins' film has a functionality to their work that doesn't add too many unnecessary flourishes, but it exudes a grace that elevates what might have been purely cliched material to something more special.

@highlight

It wears its influences on its sleeve, but Bad Turn Worse still boasts more than enough pulpy thrills to justify its place at the table.