The movie really is just a series of long emotionless action scenes. That's really all this movie is.
The "Star Wars" franchise has become what the marketing executive always thought: an excuse to steal money from children. The Lucas empire has finally succumbed to the Dark Side.
If you're looking for something a little Star Wars without the complication, the animated version of Clone Wars isn't too bad.
Despite some absolutely gorgeous animation and adjusting expectations for what Clone Wars is meant to be, the Force is not strong with this one.
With Clone Wars, Lucas continues to plunder the past of his own imagination at a great cost: the integrity and magic of his original Star Wars trilogy.
Star Wars fans will want to see this, if only to discuss its failings, but I can't see it having a wide appeal at the cinema.
I cannot accept that this is a Star Wars movie.
It's a film of many firsts, but few of them positive: for the first time in history, we have a Star Wars film that you won't love or hate, but one about which you just won't care less either way.
Ultimately, there simply wasn't enough narrative development to justify a feature length film.
[Features] some of the least watchable animation since Warner Brothers reinvented Bugs Bunny and Daffy Duck as kung-fu swordsmen with laser eyes.
With blocky, stiffly animated characters and even worse music, it's a money-grabbing afterthought (good luck with that, George) awkwardly assembled from a few episodes of the new series.
A complete gas to more open-minded fans, and assured catnip to children. The occasional sexually-ambiguous Hutt or sassmouthed, premenstrual Jedi aside, it's an exciting picture and a tempting commencement for the TV series.
70 percent action, 5 percent exposition and 24 percent forced banter ... that's just 1 percent left over for committee meetings and C-Span-worthy parliamentary maneuvering -- proceedings that have so fascinated George Lucas in the past.
It had a lot of potential, but unfortunately, that label of 'supplement' seems more appropriate for it than 'stand alone film' does.
Feels very much like the television pilot that it is.
Its elements are actually quite typical of a syndicated cartoon series, aimed mostly at the young'uns and contributing pretty much nothing to the Star Wars mythos.
Despite Ahsoka's cloying presence, The Clone Wars is still easier to take than Attack of the Clones.
xoris kamia prothesi na paei ti mythologia poythena parapera, o Lucas aplos stinei ena kinimatografikis diarkeias, paidikoy prosanatolismoy epeisodio, me amfiboloy aisthitikis animation, gia na doylepsei os launching pad tis kainoyrias, senariaka aneksart
This "First Animated Star Wars Movie" does the series no favors, demonstrating why live action trumps animation--at least when the digital beings and creatures are this poorly designed.
...little plot and almost nothing but redundant action. It becomes tiresome very fast.
Strong new characters are disappointingly thin on the ground.
It moves fast, conquers armies, kicks into hyperspace and spits out idiotic quips with unapologetic cartoon brio.
hile the new Clone Wars features improved visuals and increased action, the show's big screen premiere fails to exist as anything other than a 90-minute commercial for the inevitable toy line.
If this film is any indication of the quality of the forthcoming television series, it will be blessedly short-lived.
The visuals are worthy, but the big screen brings the movie's script shortcomings and pacing problems into sharper relief.
The computer-generated The Clone Wars exists for no discernible reason other than to recharge George Lucas' overflowing coffers.
Here are six words that would probably get me tarred and feathered at a comic-book convention: I am sick of Star Wars.
These characters look like denizens of a video game: lifelike, but definitely not alive.
The supposed playful banter between Anakin and the feisty Ahsoka is particularly cringe-worthy.
The Force has lost its oomph. Lucas and friends have finally gone a franchise too far.
Even with the bar having been lowered by the vacuous, overblown prequels though, 'Clone Wars' takes things to crass new lows
The action sequences are kinetic and hold the eye, the animation style is detailed and it remains within the boundaries of the canon.
The best thing about this massive TV pilot-cum-new "Episode" is its potential because even if it's flawed and only partially functional as a film, The Clone Wars embodies one of the essential elements that has for decades sustained the Star Wars saga %u20
The characters are more likable than usual.
For a film that primarily exists to serve as a feature-length coming attraction for the next phase of a popular franchise, The Clone Wars is a mostly enjoyable bit of escapist entertainment
Aimed at the serious Star Wars fan who is interested in exploring some new corners of the Star Wars universe.
it's especially sad that a few of the better Star Wars games feature not only significantly deeper stories, but also superior CGI, meaning that both this project's film and video game predecessors have already done better.
The animation really needs some oompf and seems to actively work at being unlike a "Star Wars" movie...
More like an animated movie on Saturday morning TV than a feature film
The Clone Wars is what it is -- what Star Wars has become, for better or for worse -- and while it won't blow anyone over, you can't say you weren't warned going in.
In its own way THE CLONE WARS is quite an achievement: it almost perfectly synthesizes everything that has been wrong with the films since%u2026 oh, well - Return of the Jedi.
Star Wars: The Clone Wars comes as something of a surprise: it isn't the most painful movie of the year!
They have billed Star Wars: The Clone Wars as the untold story. If only the untelling of the told could now be done.
It's an almost entirely pointless exercise.
One of the more mediocre entries in the entire Star Wars catalogue.
Redundant, boring, and not terribly attractive in telling a story more suited for the Junior Fiction shelves of your local library than the screens of your local multiplex.
At the risk of over-doing a good thing, if that hasn't been done already, Lucas and crew cuts the final link to reality by going full animation with Star Wars. A righteous battle, but one that will appeal to ever decaying audiences
A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away, 'Star Wars' movies were actually fun.
While the Force may falter on the big-screen, 'Clone Wars' should do far better this fall as a new, half-hour weekly TV series, starting Oct. 3rd on the Cartoon Network.
Better than Episode I and Episode II. True, many of the same flaws are present - awful dialogue, contrived narrative - but at least The Clone Wars is much shorter.
If the live action movies were the main course, The CLONE WARS are like chocolate truffles. They are short, quick and satisfying.
The Clone Wars elicits some pangs of nostalgia with its grand battles, alien landscapes, and beloved characters but yields little more than fuzzy thoughts of what used to be.
While Jar Jar Binks is thankfully nowhere to be found, the battle droids prove to be every bit as idiotic and insufferable -- and there are lots of them in the movie.
This film avoid if any sense you have. Rubbish it is.
What's Lucas's next big idea for brand extension--Freddy Vs. Jason Vs. Darth?
The Clone Wars is visually interesting, but in the end pointless - and worse: annoying.
Either George Lucas decided he wanted to make a sillier animated parody of his beloved franchise than Family Guy or Robot Chicken; or Lucas' elevator isn't going to the top floor of the Death Star anymore.
Let's just say the DNA of this Clone is not the same as what came before it.
[P]retty darn awesome... [a]t least as far as overblown Saturday morning cartoons go...
Might appeal to those under twelve, as the kid-friendly epic has video game watchability.
It's not terrible by any means, just completely lacking that sense of amazement and anything-can-happen spirit that the six (or five if you're a 'Phantom Menace' hater) films had to spare.
Watching the computer-animated Star Wars: The Clone Wars, I felt a most unusual mixture of delight and regret.
One tedious battle scene after another.
Visually busy and visually forgettable, with a less than engaging story line, and characters who look like anime figures and move like the denizens of Geppetto's workshop, Wars will appeal only to the most tolerant, galactically minded children.
The story lacks narrative tension. The dialogue is stilted and overblown, a problem also in some of the live-action incarnations. That, combined with visuals that consistently lack punch, leaves little to engage us.
Relentless dullness.
Pretty much drives a stake into the heart of every loyal fan of the movies. And now he's out to stick it to those too young to know about Jar Jar Binks.
Instead of making a splash in the summer of Batman, WALL-E and ABBA, 'Clone Wars' is just the latest drop of anemic blood squeezed from the petrifying husk of a once innovative science-fiction franchise.
Call me crazy, but I liked Clone Wars more than any of the recent live-action films. It's funnier, leaner and more playful.
The movie gets more cluttered and confused as it moves along, though it's dotted with so many generic battle scenes and paint-by-numbers light-saber combat sequences that you can see how it's at least attempting to mimic the illusion of excitement.
Actually better than expected.
Getting worked up over this is like getting worked up over a Saturday-morning cartoon. Unlike its predecessors, this one doesn't even try to aspire to myth. It aspires only to merchandising.
Talky, flashy, and focused on juvenile relationships.
The only way I'd ever watch the first-ever theatrical production from Lucasfilm Animation again is if I have children or I am unfortunate enough to fall under the spell of a Jedi mind trick.
The Lucas universe once held a special magic, but The Clone Wars makes that feel like a long time ago in a theater far, far away.
The females all look like they've had work done. Who knew that to make it in the movies, even cartoon characters have to have plastic surgeons!
A franchise that once inspired the imagination of billions has fallen so far that it can't keep your attention for 98 minutes.
[Lucas] created an empire out of his own imagination and then squeezed the life out of it.
Apparently nothing is sacred when it comes to catering to the kids who will keep his franchise alive.
A noisy, hectic and largely unthrilling adventure.
George Lucas is turning into the enemy of fun.
The saddest attempt yet to capitalize on the success of George Lucas' original sci-fi epic.
CGI Star Wars saga is dull, despite action.
The film has several of the same problems that afflicted Lucas's live-action prequels â" there are stiff, almost cardboard performances, some tin-eared dialogue and a few moments of cornball humor.
If it was free, perhaps fans wouldn't judge it so harshly. They'd also be able to change the channel.
The Clone Wars may introduce a younger generation to the franchise - while chasing away existing "Star Wars" fans.
Lucas can't seem to let it go. He is like a preacher with a four-point sermon on Sunday's second service. The fourth time through point four and you've zonked out.
...Saturday morning rugrat bait...
George Lucas's fixation on this saga has gone past commercial smarts into full-blown monomania. With all the money and power he has at his disposal, here he is once again fobbing the same leaden dialogue and nonvisionary visuals at us.
Has it come to this? Has the magical impact of George Lucas' original vision of Star Wars been reduced to the level of Saturday morning animation?
Without the grandiose narrative structure of the six live-action releases, this feels even more pointless, a mechanical attempt to milk the kids for every last dime.
It's difficult to say whether the dialogue or the characters are more wooden.
The latest example of how the franchise keeps frustratingly spurning the magical simplicity of the original trilogy.
Young audiences will lap it up like ice cream, and its good humor and faith in the Force will put adults in a Saturday-morning frame of mind even at midnight showings.
In our new tween-dominated star economy, with Miley Cyrus and other Disney Channel starlets printing money, I suppose it was inevitable that the shamelessly market-savvy Lucas would seize an opportunity to do the same.
It's just all so pointless. I seriously felt like I got nothing out of watching the thing other than feelings of slight annoyance.
Kids will enjoy it, fans will tolerate it, geeks will feel obligated to love it, and cynics will note that at least Jar Jar doesn't make an appearance.
Clone Wars was executive-produced by George Lucas, who may be feeling a tad sheepish about the results.
The inaugural animated Star Wars feels and looks every bit as introductory as a foundational attempt could be. The animated format, though, actually manages to dial down the dreadful acting and makes it more tolerable than the human format.
If Star Wars: The Clone Wars were a simple board game stacked up in a toy store aisle, the side of the box would read: "Ages 7 through Check Your Star Wars Ego at the Door."
Clearly, the powers behind this convenient cash grab can't see the real reason Star Wars remains culturally significant. The Clone Wars is proof that, in some people's minds, it's nothing more than an easily reconfigured revenue stream.
In Clone Wars, one battle seems exactly like the last (and the next): the 'droids shoot like amateurs and the Republican troops always prevail, whatever the odds.
With beautifully inventive animation, this latest chapter in George Lucas' saga is a frantic series of action scenes without a heart.
Kids will enjoy it, but for old school Star Wars fans, this is The Phanton Menace all over again.
If you don't expect an orthodox Star Wars movie, you may well be satisfied with this for all its flaws. But one gets the feeling that Lucas is coming to the end of his long and richly rewarded road. After all, he has travelled it for more than 30 years.
Really, isn't this where the Star Wars movies were headed all along - a feature-length toy advertisement?
It's nothing spectacular but it's fair family entertainment and should fill the gaps for Star Wars fanatics - or make them furiously pedantic. Either way they'll be happy.
The only thing that would make me punch the air is the sight of the syntax-mangling Yoda being comprehensively squashed. Alas, we have not heard the last from the old gonk.
what Star Wars: The Clone Wars serves up is a rehashed Thunderbirds with a dash of Japanese anime.
George Lucas can't even come up with a new baddie worth watching.
Instead of getting something special, you're left with the impression the last few dollars are being wrung from a franchise that should've been put to bed 25 years ago. Still, kids should enjoy it.
Oh, George Lucas. Please stop diluting the franchise.
Heaven knows why Star Wars creator George Lucas thought this worthy of a cinema release. It is an amateurishly written, inadequately animated, tenth-rate rip-off.
John Williams' music elbowed in favour of Kevin Kiner's pale imitations... Little things that jar and jar, but at least there's no Jar Jar.
Star Wars: The Clone Wars may be a glorified pilot for the upcoming TV series, but as Episode 2.5 it brings back a certain amount of balance to the Force.
Can someone beam a hologrammatic representative into Lucasfilm HQ with a message from the real world? Master George, we beseech you, give it up: nobody cares anymore, and besides, your tea's ready.
The sheer, brain-frazzling pointlessness of it all predominates. Why? Why do this again? At 64, Lucas is surely not too old to have a crack at creating a movie that has nothing to do with Star Wars at all.
The latest instalment of George Lucas's interminable franchise, Star Wars: The Clone Wars, has the charm of a cash machine. This noisy animated feature is set in a galaxy that isn't far away enough.
There's still plenty of fun to be had with this addition to the saga, though it never escapes its origins in kids' TV. So long as you don't approach it expecting a traditional Star Wars movie, you'll stand a better chance of enjoying it.
Ziro is the most preposterous thing to hit the 'Star Wars' universe. He's also the best reason to see this flimsy, kid-friendly videogame approximation of a once proud cinematic franchise. Still, at least it's better than 'The Phantom Menace'.
The force is gone with this one.
Again, we have to experience the George Lucas formula post Jedi; great visuals with an AWFUL SCRIPT that felt like it was written by a 3 year old. This time around, Lucas delves into the BABY TALK world.
The only enjoyment I got from the film was laughing at how miserable it was and then zoning out during the boring fight scenes... which make up, no joke, about 90% of the total running time.
Quando Lucas irá perceber que, ao insistir em espremer sua criação por mais alguns trocados, está apenas sabotando o próprio legado?
This will disappoint the hardcore fans, but the Star Wars youth will be entertained.
... less a movie than a marketing event: a feature-length promo for the upcoming TV series and video game tie-in.
Makes you wish for those Ewok movies, doesn't it?
It is so bad that it could well rival the infamous "Star Wars Holiday Special" as the single most useless piece of "Star Wars"-related entertainment ever made and at least in that legendary disaster, the animated aspect was actually not too bad.
It seems only moments ago that Star Wars was the biggest thing on the planet. Now it's suitable only for Saturday afternoons on the Cartoon Network.
Can you say "cheesy?" ... Less successful than George Lucas wanted, this movie may be.
The animation seems to have been outsourced to two factories: one for the galactic battles, the other for the Jedi .. The latter seem clunky and simplistic, much like the film's screenplay.. Take the kids, buy the popcorn, feed .. er feel the force
The animation seems to have been outsourced to two factories: one for the galactic battles and machines, the other for the Jedi and related characters. The latter seem clunky and simplistic, much like the film's screenplay
The crisp pacing offers a surprising low-key charm, and the characters even look a bit like hand-crafted, hand-painted wood!
In watching The Clone Wars, one is filled with the overwhelming urge to grab George Lucas, thank him for his immeasurable contribution to the science fiction canon, and ask him politely to cut it out already
Remember how people talked about the Star Wars prequels like they were the worst movies ever made, when really, come on, they weren't THAT bad? The Clone Wars actually IS that bad.
The animation is very hard to overcome. Even if one doesn't go in expecting Pixar production values, it's hard to see past the mechanical quality of the characters' movements -- which, by the way, makes the robots in the film look great.
George Lucas' desire to suck a few more dollars out of the consumers' pockets has led to a roaring creative misstep.
This one shucks off all pretense that Star Wars has a wonderfully universal appeal and instead unfolds with all the entertainment value of watching somebody else play a video game.
The best that can be said about the movie is that it's harmless and mostly charmless. The Clone Wars is to Star Wars what karaoke is to pop music.
George, if this is the best you can do, please give us Star Wars: The Final Tie-In soon.
It's the finest 97-minute advertisement for Yoda underpants released this week.
The new feature-length Star Wars cartoon is so cute that I want to hug it. Tightly. Until it stops breathing.
A long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away, there was a movie that ignited imaginations and redefined adventure. It's kind of sad that this generation only gets a retread.
If this were a true Star Wars film, right about now somebody would say, '... I've got a bad feeling about this.'
The degeneration of the "Star Wars" saga continues unabated with this latest, most kid-friendly Lucas-produced assault on the memory of the once-beloved franchise.
If you're willing to regress to the mental age of 12 for a couple of hours, it's an amusing ride.
As Star Wars movies go, The Clone Wars is minor to the point of irrelevance, nothing more than a stylized direct-to-DVD shrug projected onto a big screen while Lucas launches two more TV series filling in prequel blanks better left empty.
should be taken as a piece of the extended universe fiction that you'll find in role-playing games, pulp fiction and paperback releases
If it weren't for the laser cannons and light sabers, you might think you were watching Gettysburg.
May be a better-than-average Saturday morning cartoon, but as a theatrical feature, it has limited appeal to young kids and the few diehard fans who'll be able to overlook some of the silliness inherent in the story.
This ugly, lumbering mess feels strangely like a tired Star Wars wanna-be, but made by people with the rights to the characters.
This is not really a stand-alone movie at all. It's more a cheeky long trailer for the new TV series of the same name due to start on the Cartoon Channel on October 3.
A long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away, Star Wars was fun. I miss that time.
If this movie career thing doesn't work out for George Lucas, there's a career waiting for him in the dairy industry. He can milk things like no other.
A very minor, instantly forgettable footnote to one of the most popular cinematic series of all time.
Apart from the new ground Ahsoka breaks as the first female Jedi, The Clone Wars is a pointless experiment in computer-generated (CG) animation.
Though visually engaging, overall the film is a mixed bag of the strengths and weaknesses of the sci-fi world Lucas created.
Not only do the characters look like ventriloquist dummies but the vocal performances are so rigid it sounds like they're doing the robot while speaking.
Feels like little more than a big-budget Saturday morning cartoon. An okay movie, but not nearly special enough to be a legitimate member of the "Star Wars" family of films.
Inconsequentiality is a pox upon the proceedings, draining any trace of narrative tension from countless large-scale conflicts that soon overwhelm the screen with stormtroopers, droids, explosions and laser blasts.
An enjoyable escapade and a great introduction to the forthcoming series -- just not the seventh Star Wars film fans were hoping for.
Very young kids, Star Wars completists and Lucas apologists may find themselves compelled to attend; anyone else would have a better time going to the Toshi Station to pick up power converters.
A worthy addition to the original six-film cycle, staying true to the spirit of the series while overhauling it in a number of important ways.
Reasonably fun if generally forgettable.
This isn't the Star Wars we've always known and at least sometimes loved.
A fairly simplistic plot, which is mostly just a clothesline to string together effective action sequences, eventually runs out of gas and the momentary recapturing of the old thrill fades away.
Anakin's a real mannequin in this stiffly-executed CG feature.
More exciting than The Phantom Menace and makes more sense than Attack of the Clones.


@highlight

Mechanical animation and a less-than stellar script make The Clone Wars a pale shadow of George Lucas' once great franchise.