You really feel the terror and the dread, it just feels so real.
The use of the chador in Under the Shadow is one example of how the film successfully manages to be both a serious reflection on the position of women in Iran and an intensely creepy horror film.
The genius of Under the Shadow lies in the way it builds up the tension: slowly, almost imperceptibly at first, until I suddenly realized I was wound so tightly I wanted to scream.
With a minimal budget, [Babak] Anvari still manages to deliver a wholly unnerving universe.
A sinister tapestry of urban unease and feminist fury that turns an ordinary domestic setting into a place of skulking terror. Original and deeply creepy.
Committed performances by the two actresses help make this uniquely unnerving.
Anvari makes great use of this highly specific time and setting -- the air raids are always unnerving and one sequence in which Shideh runs into the empty streets of Tehran in a panic is just terrific.
'Under the Shadow' is one of the more technically graceful and emotionally important films to come out of the genre this year.
Those unexpected beats make for a deeply emotional and harrowing journey for not only Shideh and Dorsa, but for viewers as well.
A spine-chiller about a woman (Narges Rashidi) whose young daughter is picked on by an evil spirit, Babak Anvari's film is essentially formulaic, but its setting, Tehran in the 1980s, makes a difference.
[Anvari] effectively gives the impression of both a literal and metaphorical hell on earth.
The debut feature from Iranian-born and British-based filmmaker Babak Anvari is an excellent mix of political repression, maternal dread, and suggestive myth.
Under the Shadow makes a portrait about the repressive Iranian society of the 80's; that mixture of folklore and religion in the beliefs of its characters and social criticism. [Full review in Spanish]
The shift from family drama to djinn game is so subtle as to be barely perceived
Apparently women should be covered at all times, even if djinn are chasing them.
Anvari employs only the cream of the horror-trope crop, from decapitated dolls to creepy mute children and a newly abandoned Cold War-era apartment complex. The effect is a gradual shift from the merely creepy to the utterly terrifying.
Yes, if you see only one Iranian horror movie this year, make it this one. A smart choice for Halloween.
Under the Shadow is skillful and scary enough to be a legitimate niche hit.
Intimate horror about the dark things lurking in a family home, and, more interestingly, in the minds of women.
Under the Shadow's greatest achievement is creating a genuinely terrifying film that also serves as an accurate and sympathetic encapsulation of life during wartime.
Under the Shadow cannily uses a fairly standard, if also expertly staged, ghost story to obsess over a character-driven story arc involving issues of marriage, motherhood, religious fundamentalism and feminism.
Did you honestly doubt that peeling duct tape and a sheet of printed fabric, if handled with imaginative brio, could be as frightening as any ten-million-dollar monster? O ye of little faith.
A ghost story both on its surface and far below it -- a haunted house tale in which the tangible dangers of the war outside are so immediate that no one really sees what's happening within the walls.
Under the Shadow is an eerie, often unsettling, Iranian feminist horror film set in Tehran in 1988, at the height of the Iran-Iraq War.
It's rare to find a movie that so adeptly frightens us while also giving us something to think about.
[Director Babak] Avarni's screenplay is especially effective in how it uses this scenario as a way to dissect superstitious beliefs.
There is no escape, for characters or audience. Under the Shadow is unnerving in the extreme.
It tries to be both a political allegory and a horror movie, never quite finding a way to meld the two together smoothly. Consequently, this is a film more easily admired than enjoyed.
Its slowly intensifying approach, use of shadows and suggestion, unsettling soundtrack, and well-deployed special effects allow it to stand nicely next to a recent horror classic, Jennifer Kent's The Babadook.
Quietly nerve-pricking ...
The most consistent fear in Anvari's film is that of being a mother and daughter alone in a world that won't help or respect you. Far more so than djinn, this is a fear that doesn't easily dissipate.
Under the Shadow features two major breakouts: [star] Narges Rashidi... and [director Babak] Anvari, who with his debut proves himself as adept at politically-charged social-realism as he is at horror.
A tightly controlled chiller that carries a whiff of mother-daughter horror classics such as "Poltergeist" and "The Exorcist" ...
To paraphrase Talking Heads, life during wartime ain't no party, especially if you're stuck in Tehran at the tail end of the Iran-Iraq war in the late Eighties. That's the predicament facing the family at the heart of this nervy little haunter.
The jump scares are solid, and earned. The suspense is genuine. And Under the Shadow never loses sight of the basic human reality of mother and child, trapped at home, encircled by a variety of evils, both real and imagined.
As much a study of a changing society as it is a story of evil spirits. The movie is first fascinating, then terrifying.
Under the Shadow is a skilled, chilling feature debut that might follow you around a while after seeing it.
Under The Shadow ... demonstrates how two movies you've seen many times before-an Iranian social-issues drama and a Blumhouse-style poltergeist thriller-can be combined to create one you haven't.
Under The Shadow marries haunted horrors with period-piece importance for a deliciously dark ghost story.
Horror is the toughest genre to get right, so it's always a thrill when one comes along that not only serves up chills, but has something on its mind as well.
With this terrific feature debut, Anvari lifts the veil on his heroines' hidden lives and leaves us all dreaming with our eyes wide open.
What's refreshing about the film is that it comes at the genre from a new angle. This is as much a study of a desperate and traumatised woman as it is a conventional horror pic.
Under the Shadow effectively uses historical context and cultural issues to draw nuance and complexity from the horror genre, while acting as an impressive calling card for Anvari.
Its mixture of detailed realism and supernatural dread shows all the ways a society can drag a woman to hell.
A real treat for those who love horror with a brain, this proves there's a lot more to say in such an often overcrowded genre.
Clearly the recent wave of quiet-quiet-loud horrors -- and the slower creep of 2014's The Babadook -- have factored into Anvari's thinking, but Under the Shadow works as well as an evocation of a fraught moment in recent Iranian history.
Elegantly shot and very well acted. A definite frisson.
[Under The Shadow] takes many of the standard tropes of haunted-house cinema and makes a good fist of refreshing them with to its good performances, strong sense of place, and understated political commentary.
[The film] doesn't just want our neck hairs at attention. No, it wants our hearts and minds, too, and for eighty-four collar-tightening minutes, it gets them.
A quality ghost story with an unusual backdrop and great performances.
Though ostensibly a horror movie, Babak Anvari's Under the Shadow is also a bluntly effective screed on everyday female suppression.
Writer/director Babak Anvari blends war, patriarchal rule, folklore, spooky kids and one of the best jump scares since Carrie's hand burst from the grave, into a startling debut.
Fraught with tension and rife with intelligent insight.
This is superb horror with got modern classic written all over it.
★★★★★ Babak Anvari's Under the Shadow uses the haunted house set-up and classical filmmaking techniques expressly for political purposes.
Like A Girl Walks Home Alone At Night, this is feminist horror made by an Iranian in exile, looking in from the outside - and as ominous winds of change blow through Shideh's home, Anvari matches social insights with expertly managed scares.
The sleeping and waking worlds begin to tumble together, with cinematographer Kit Fraser using his camera to add to the unsettling atmosphere, spinning the image at key moments or rocking it to ratchet tension.
Her struggle to survive becomes a powerful liberation allegory, elevating the film from being just another spook story to a valuable and entertaining social document.
A perfect stage for terror...[Reaches] the fever pitch intensity of the very best haunted house movies, jump scares and all.
The film's horror is spookily and movingly expressive of the tenuous position of women in 1980s Iran.
Under the Shadow gives us something to fear and something to think about, and that's two more things than most horror films can claim.
Under the Shadow has everything that makes great horror: a unique mythology that plagues us psychologically as well as viscerally, a confined setting (in this case culturally mandated confinement as well as physical) and good old scary monsters.
Anvari deftly builds and sustains tension throughout, crafting a horror movie that respects genre conventions (right down to the safe/not safe ending), while firmly establishing its own distinctive identity.
The closing act is more akin to a white-knuckly ride on a particularly ferocious ghost train than a traditional horror movie.
Under the Shadow smartly observes the emotions stirred up by a world defined by restrictions, and the terrifying possibility that they might be inescapable.
Under its scares, Under the Shadow serves as an impassioned allegory for female oppression - but Anvari doesn't shortchange horror fans.
Shadow delivers the sort of sleek, swiftly paced freakout that streaming customers will gladly look past subtitles to experience.
Under The Shadow is an inspired psychological thriller from Iranian filmmaker Babak Anvari that effectively delivers the thrills expected, and more.
A spooky ghost story that singes the nerves as much as it coddles the mind.
Under the Shadow is a movie that will not only get under your skin, but also eager to learn more about the history and culture depicted in the film.

@highlight

Under the Shadow deftly blends seemingly disparate genres to deliver an effective chiller with timely themes and thought-provoking social subtext.