I'm fighting the urge to just cut-and-paste from my older reviews of Allen's late-career output, as that seems to be how he writes his screenplays these days.
Woody at his weakest.
It's one of Allen's lesser films yet, as is so often the case with his B-material, it still features terrific performances...and a cluster of truth-nailing scenes that are better than what you typically find in major releases.
You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger is the amnesiac relative of Allen's body of work. It's wearing the fleshy mask of all that you love; but conducts itself with an abrasive and frightened detachment.
Allen's mixed experiences with London stand in sharp contrast with his love affair with the French capital (the setting for last year's return to form, Midnight in Paris).
Like a second hand clothes shop, it is comfortable rather than exciting, predictable rather than refreshing, even though it boasts a great cast who believe in their master, Woody Allen
It may not be Allen's best work, but this flutter and change of hearts is easy to watch and enjoy as wishes and dreams play their tug of war
The cast is the main draw here, but it's also the movie's biggest problem. Hopkins and Jones are excellent, and a greater focus on that couple might well have resulted in a much better film.
How many times do you want to watch the same Woody Allen movie? What's your tolerance threshold for repeat visits back to his couch?
Maybe the next one will be a return to form for the living legend, and hey, at the rate Allen is churning them out, one of them has to be good, right?
Elaborately plotted, perfunctorily directed, unevenly acted and short on verbal wit.
Another wretched Woody Allen release gives yet another round of Hollywood actors the chance to tick him off their legends-to-work-with lists without giving us much to enjoy in the process...
Allen has said he makes films as they offer him a distraction, and he has created just that: An enjoyable but instantly forgettable distraction.
This is no Manhattan or Annie Hall, and while it's true Woody Allen isn't as good as he used to be, neither is anyone else.
The distinguished actors are as strong as you would expect, the narrative structure is well-crafted, and there's something curiously bracing about Allen's misanthropy.
A narrator alerts us at the outset that this tale is (to quote Macbeth) "full of sound and fury, signifying nothing". I suppose we should be thankful for the warning.
You Will Meet A Tall Dark Stranger is a typically wry, rueful ensemble piece in which love makes fools of everyone.
It's interesting and worthwhile, with creative vitamins that are absent in so much of what fills the cinemas.
Frothy but uninvolving. Again.
It's hard to escape the feeling that Allen has told this story so many times before - and so much better.
When I saw the words "Tin Ear Production Company" in the end credits, I wasn't sure if it was a joke or a piece of authorial honesty.
Woody Allen's latest comedy-drama features superb performances from a traditionally impressive cast but is let down by a disappointing script that seems to actively avoid dramatic impact.
There's plenty of ambiguous intellectual heft lurking behind the curtain of mediocrity - so it's a pity it feels like it was dashed off in a few hours one afternoon.
Though Allen has never been exactly feelgood, his previously endearing pessimism has given way to a mean-spiritedness that here borders on misanthropy.
Allen avoids giving any possible answers or resolutions - apart from 'getting in touch with your spiritual side'
Still no signs of the master re-living past glories, but more than worthwhile for Allen diehards.
You will dislike this rubbish movie.
Overall it's a cold and inconsequential piece that won't be remembered with affection.
A string of A-list British acting talent adds a zing of interest to this somewhat uneven Woody Allen relationship farce. Yet despite its failings, the film is enjoyably watchable and packed with knowing observations.
Allen has here an interesting idea-that placebos may 'work better' than medicine-to noodle over and ultimately reject; it's just a shame he doesn't entertain us more in the process. [Blu-ray]
Although Allen's field of poorly adjusted people may be interesting to watch run around for a while, they shed little new light on an already well-expressed cynical point of view.
The talented cast fails to gel into a dynamic ensemble: You just see actors going through familiar paces.
Woody Allen cranks out another formulaic interweave of romantic crushes, with old jazz on the soundtrack to supply some artificial gaiety.
full review at Movies for the Masses
If ever there were an example of an artist with nothing left to say, Woody Allen is its living definition.
Some moderately interesting characters occasionally do some mildly amusing things, but in the end no one is satisfied, least of all the audience.
While Tall Dark can be a tad stilted, taking place as it does in Allen's fictionalized universe, most of it functions so smoothly it makes you forget about all the strings being pulled
What passes for Allen's idea of an innovative sex gag? Anthony Hopkins' doddering character Alfie counting down the minutes until the Viagra tablet takes effect.
I'm starting to think Allen makes movies like he files his tax returns. Some years business is fantastic, other years it's struggling. But he still files one every year. This year, business was so-so.
The slight pic benefits greatly from the talented ensemble cast that makes more of the tiresome dialogue than can be expected.
At least on one viewing and with no distance -- it falls shy of being a great Woody Allen picture.
This is a film from the twilight of Woody Allen's career and talent
A consistently underwhelming effort...
How's this for an invite? -- Allen is asking us to patronize a movie with a title that translates to: 'You Are Going To Die.'
At this point, it's all just variations on a theme, and Stranger is a minor but pleasant variation
Woody Allen Makes One of His "Couple" Films Particularly Enhanced by Hopkins' Realistic View or Mortality.
[W]raps up in one neat little package ideas about romantic fate, our yearning for something better than the pretty good thing we might already have, and an up-to-the-minute restlessness...
You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger gives another gaggle of actors the chance to boast they made a Woody Allen movie - just not a very good one.
I was so depressed after leaving the theater, I had to crawl to the nearest video store and rent a Marx Brothers movie in order to revive myself.
Superficially supernatural, the wish-fulfillment comedy of manners and morals is not one of Woody Allen's best but an amusing diversion.
In You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger, the only people who retain their happy visions are the most deluded. It's probably a good metaphor for 2010.
Even the plain black-and-white title sequences and old-timey musical score feel less like the affectations of a stubbornly independent artist than the rut of someone who can't find anything fresh to say.
I couldn't get away from these shrill, complaining people fast enough.
Classic Woody -- an ensemble cast of brilliant actors, a timeless story that could be set virtually anywhere and crisp writing and direction that neither lollygags or rushes.
Allen has been criticized for leaving some of the plot lines up in the air and several characters in the lurch. But he seems to be making a point: Neat Hollywood endings are as phony and dangerous as Cristal's ramblings.
Woody Allen has been directing films for 41 of his just-shy-of-75 years, and if his best work is behind him, there's something heartening in the recent run of form he's enjoyed...
Like a visit to a beloved senior at a resting home, Woody Allen's new comedy amounts to a mostly pleasant, sometimes trying afternoon.
Unpleasant people behave selfishly in this latest trifle from Woody Allen, who once again manages to persuade A-list talent to help him make a C-list movie.
The result will never be mistaken for Shakespeare but could be considered a sex farce in the tradition by Rabelais or Molière.
Isn't a comedy and barely registers as a drama. I'd call it a tragedy, but the only ones truly suffering will be the paying audience, forced to endure Allen's umpteenth variation on the false comfort provided by marriage.
Unpleasant people behave selfishly until it stops, rather than ends, in this latest trifle from Woody Allen, who once again manages to persuade A-list talent to help him make a C-list movie.
To put it bluntly: Allen no longer seems to have any idea how real people behave or talk.
Allen?s sex farces have lost their former snap, but the movie?s uncharacteristically long takes add a degree of intimacy and excitement that he rarely musters nowadays.
Woody Allen may still be funny, but he's sure not much fun anymore.
At times it seems like every Woody Allen film is nothing more than a sequel to Crimes and Misdemeanors.
It's a highbrow romantic farce, without the laughs.
Even in a minor way (and it is, make no mistake, a minor film), Allen is still able to find new approaches to the same questions that have vexed him for most of his career.
It's as if the dour Interiors had been reworked by a more forgiving, generous filmmaker who wants to move beyond stereotypes and discover what he calls the "beautiful and ironic" aspects of life.
The skill of the construction, and the efforts of the excellent cast assembled to play it, make it an intriguing, fitfully amusing piece, although a rather misanthropic one.
At once a cynical examination of infidelity and a sweet love story that rewards good people, Stranger is thoroughly entertaining ... and Allen's best film since Crimes and Misdemeanors.
Allen's disillusioned themes are repeated, and so are his methods. As a writer, he seems tired...
[Allen's] latest has an empty, soulless feel.
Unexpected parallels abound, piquant moments of revelation flutter by, and though the narrator of the piece insists that it is only a rehashing of Shakespeare?s quote about sound and fury signifying nothing, it is anything but
Subpar, shoulder-shrugging effort from Woody Allen. He wastes an intriguing cast on this slight tale.
It's one of his better films of late. Cynical fatalism is Woody Allen's home turf, and it's a pretty finely honed shtick at this point.
Woody Allen's "London Effect" continues winningly with this droll morality play about people's awful choices of love partners.
Beware the film that opens with a quotation from Shakespeare.
In the autumn of his career, toiling exclusively in Europe, Woody is like an aging cabinet maker still blessed with craft but grown erratic in design.
It is literate, humane, insightful and profoundly and mercilessly comic.
[It] isn't particularly profound; it's a bit of sound and fury signifying nothing, but at least it's an interesting moment of pondering from someone who's been there.
It's a meandering and rather aimless movie that would be considered trite if made by another filmmaker, and yet it has such a family resemblance to other, better Woody Allen movies that it's easy to stick with it and enjoy it.
Over-written and under-realized, it's Allen in desultory word-processor mode, barely able to muster even his usual amount of resigned cynicism about this crazy ol' life.
We never get a critical sense from Allen that this movie was worth making in the first place. It's a work of habit more than inspiration.
You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger is every frame a Woody Allen film, but it isn't very much more.
Can films be mellow and bitter at the same time? Starting with Match Point in 2005, Woody Allen's movies have deepened and become more gimlet-eyed about the human condition.
The only real pleasure one can have with "You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger" is with Allen's neat screenplay structure, studded throughout with all kinds of parallels, both obvious and ironic.
In his mid-70s and working mostly abroad, Allen has settled into a new groove. But it's not a deep or enlivening one. His despair has finally become weightless -- a reflexive shrug.
Woody Allen revisits familiar themes in mature comedy.
More appealing than last year's grating Whatever Works, You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger isn't a Woody Allen classic, but is still pleasantly watchable.
More often than not, Allen seems to sidestep his worst habits.
Is genuine happiness possible, Allen wonders, and can it last? As Charmaine and Cristal suggest, enlightenment comes at a price. And all things considered, 12 bucks seems like a bargain.
It's terribly touching, as well as entertaining, to watch everyone's struggles, and instructive to discover that the screwiest people on screen are the only ones who find true happiness.
The writer-director is in fine if unflashy form, putting a splendid cast through relationship hell in what turns out to be an oddly un-jokey comedy about marital meltdowns.
If I wanted to laugh at people behaving badly, I'd just watch Jersey Shore.
Like the worst of late-period Allen, the film recycles character types from his previous work without inventing new reasons to summon them into existence.
It's the closest Allen has recently come to the insightful depictions of the human condition that once were his forte.
Piecemeal to a fault, Woody Allen's latest is a drop in the bucket compared to the auteur's early films...
You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger continues the selfishness and lack of faith that in Manhattan once seemed to observe moral decay, and Hannah and Her Sisters became a symptom of. There's been no real progress since...
There are few surprises in a film that finds Woody the director (he does not act here) on the autopilot he has increasingly resorted to as he continues to crank out an average of a film a year, as he has over four decades.
As always, Allen gets some great people to work with him, and gives them some wonderful moments to play.
Minor but still quite enjoyable.
It won't be a very enchanted evening at You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger.
There are enough pleasantries and good jests in this new film to make a meal.
This is a very minor entry in the writer-director's prodigious canon, despite the major-league cast.
This kinder, gentler Allen is still clever, still amusing, and the film itself is a confection tempting enough to consider a taste. Yet there is that empty-calorie letdown after it's over. Maybe it's time to book another trip to Spain.
A lively and funny ensemble comedy with yet another intriguing mix of stars and lesser-known talents playing deeply flawed human beings in search of love and fulfillment.
If one can suspend their inherent sense of familiarity about the current proceedings, they will discover a typically well-written, wryly-humorous and decidedly spiritual (though not religious) take on timeless themes.
For the most part, everyone struggles through, with at best mixed success. The audience included.
The filmmaker is off his game, veering uneasily between half-hearted comedy and shrug-worthy drama, and ends up exposing some of his familiar flaws.
This love letter to the Reaper and his unknowable timetable is a bracing addition to an erratic, yet indispensable oeuvre.
Allen refers to ''a tale told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, signifying nothing.'' That's a pretty high-toned way to limit his liability for the lackluster quality of this very slight entry in the canon...
At almost 75 years old, Woody Allen still believes we need "the eggs"-the buzz of relationship however crazy or forbidden. So we do, but what a pity that lately, from him, they come parboiled.
If this were my very first Allen film, my reaction would be, "That's it?"
Yet another change-up in the Woody Allen approach: a drama played with comedy rhythms..continually surprises by coming back to earth, rather than launching into the heavens.
Much of the writing is good, and the acting is superb, but the constant wrangling wore me out at times.
Lucy Punch supplies a high-powered comic energy that makes you mope every time the camera leaves her presence.
None of this breaks new ground, but as is often the case with Allen, the ridiculous absurdities of the characters undermine the habitual pessimistic pose.
... not top shelf Woody Allen, but it serves up a few good laughs thanks to an engaging cast and witty Woody-isms.
The fact that moldy fatalism feels truer to Allen's worldview than, say, the faux-sensualism of Vicky Cristina Barcelona doesn't exactly ameliorate the sourness of this ensemble dramedy.
This wry look at the fallout of marital timebombs manages to create a few moments of amusement, true, but its use of a pile driver when a ball peen hammer would have done the trick takes the edge off the craftsmanship.
Neither sufficiently funny to work fully as comedy, nor emotionally involving enough to succeed as a drama, the movie is one of Allen's blander efforts ( ... )
Despite an illustrious cast and new faces for Woody Allen (Hopkins, Watts), this comedy of manners is a minor feature, only sporadically humorous, rehashing many of the director's old ideas.
Allen has assembled a cast of incredible ability, but the result is hampered by his script.
It sounds like damning with faint praise, but Woody Allen's You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger is easily the best of his recent London-based films.
For its light tone and often hilarious humor, the film is sure to entertain, but it won't be remembered as vintage Woody Allen.
To cheer for these rubes would be to cheer for the fool who runs onto the field at a sporting event.
A choice cast and, as usual, some snappy Allen patter and observations on amour-or the lack of it-will hit the bulls-eye with Allen fans who follow him wherever he goes.
It is ineffably facile, often absurd and seems like a soufflé that just won't rise.
By now it's clear Woody Allen doesn't much believe in God, destiny or the notion that life has any larger meaning, a message he tubthumps to increasingly feeble and unpersuasive effect in You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger.
The movie ends just when complications start to set in, which makes you wonder how invested Allen really is in the little melodramas within this comedy.



@highlight

It's sporadically amusing, and typically well-cast, but You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger isn't one of Woody Allen's more inspired late-period efforts.