A gag inducing over the top mess of a family film.
A Disney production that would seemingly be more at home on the Disney Channel than in the local multiplex.
Martin Lawrence's long, sad devolution from the poor man's young Eddie Murphy to the poor man's late-period Eddie Murphy continues.
To put it bluntly, this trip isn't worth taking for the vast majority of movie-goers.
There isn't an ounce of real life between here and Somers Town.
For horrified parents, Donny Osmond's cameo is - scarily - the sole lifebelt in a truly desperate mess of unamusing plot randomness, which runs from sky-diving to high-IQ pigs.
Oh no, it's a Martin Lawrence family comedy, and it's sponsored by Disney. What kind of a sadist put those two together? Come back, Ice Cube, all is forgiven. Actually, please don't.
Children might find the slapstick routines amusing, but for older viewers this is a mirthless voyage.
Imagine being locked in a car with Charles Manson, Idi Amin and Osama bin Laden. The worst road trip ever? Nope. That honour belongs to Martin Lawrence's latest so-called comedy, which parks itself neatly between the words appalling and god-awful.
This is one of those churn-'em-out Disney comedies in which every performer seems to be competing to give the most annoying performance in cinematic history.
As expected, his plan unravels within minutes of leaving the driveway.
This is a frontrunner for worst film of the year, but a healthy $45m in the US means a sequel is likely - proof that education standards are indeed slipping.
Ladies and gentlemen, we have arrived at a new circle of hell: the one where Martin Lawrence is no longer the most irksome presence in a Martin Lawrence movie.
Sentimental and chillingly brain-dead family comedy.
Martin Lawrence sits sheepishly low behind the wheel for this meandering drive through comedy hell.
Even with a brief running time, 'College Road Trip' is an ordeal that even its target audience will find dispiritingly lame.
An entirely laugh-free 83 minutes, spent in the company of irritating characters.
Martin Lawrence and Raven-Symone strike a level of chemistry that makes the whole much more than the sum of its parts.
There are a few funny ideas, but overall it's silly, schmaltzy and sentimental, as father and daughter take a road trip and discover love, trust and letting go are paramount to their relationship
...precisely the sort of over-the-top and unapologetically silly endeavor one might've anticipated...
The trailer looks like absolute garbage, but the movie itself was a lot less painful than I thought. It's still not good, just mediocre.
The only thing worse than the acting is the re-acting.
One does not watch College Road Trip. One encounters it. Endures it. Accepts its challenge.
Don't tase me bro!
The intended show-stopper: a singalong of 'Double Dutch Bus' with a busload of Japanese tourists.
Undeniably fun for the kids, though it requires a camp sensibility in its adult audience. But in doing so, it is a warm return to the live-action Disney movies of yesteryear.
Somehow it took four writers to crank out what passes for a script...
Family-friendly doesn't have to mean dumbed-down.
James' outlandish ruses to make his firstborn a Wildcat are fun; the push-pull parent-child dynamic generic, but sweet. But the writers comedy failsafe is "Cut to the pig!"
It is genuinely, consistently, indisputably putrid.
The comedian Sinbad once said that Hollywood seeks out original talents but then tries to make them just like everyone else. A case in point is Martin Lawrence.
You know you're in trouble when a potbellied pig upstages the human actors.
Look, I realize a movie like College Road Trip isn't rocket science, but does it really have to play to such a dimwittedly low level that non-kid audiences are going to be in pain watching it?
National Lampoon's Vacation Light. They have some funny disasters on the road, nothing like dead relatives or incest, but it's light and fun.
An amiable father-daughter charmer that teeters into total eye-rolling slapstick.
There are only so many food fights, pig-hopped-up-on-caffeine gags, and brutal Raven-Symone improv that one person can take before madness sets in.
It's a dark day indeed when a movie's funniest moments involve Donny Osmond.
College Road Trip is the best Martin Lawrence/Raven-Symone/Donny Osmond vehicle ever made.
The movie's tagline reads, 'They can't get there fast enough.' You'll be thinking the same thing.
College Road Trip may be mawkish and predictable, but some well-staged gags and several memorable contributions by supporting players keep the sap from getting too sticky.
What could have been a fun, lightweight family flick -- this is from Disney after all -- turns out to be a hammy, not-very-clever waste of time.
This is a family movie that parents can actually take young children to see and not cringe while they're watching.
When the cutest and most amusing thing in a movie is a pet pig on caffeine, you know you're in trouble.
College Road Trip is better than most Martin Lawrence movies -- much as strep throat is better than malaria.
Eyes popping and mouths agape, Martin Lawrence and Raven-Symoné mug their way through College Road Trip as if it were a silent movie -- which, come to think of it, would have been a lot less irritating.
I don't know if there are more than three or four laughs here, not even for devoted pre-teen fans of Raven's cable show.
The whole project is a cloying, artificial mess. The slapstick comedy doesn't bite, and the formulaic sentimentality doesn't grip. This is strictly phi beta crappa.
There's a nice pro-education theme struggling to emerge from oceans of clumsy humor here, so let's be generous and say the movie deserves about a C-minus.
Even Donny Osmond's sparkling teeth seem a little dim compared with the unsullied gleam the movie presents as real life.
College Road Trip is nearly as hellish as taking a long trip with a bus full of karaoke-happy tourists. Actually, that's one of the gags.
When all else fails, and the last faint possibility of comedy has vanished, the director turns on the sentiment.
[Director Roger Kumble] apparently instructed the actors to SHOUT rather than speak their dialogue, as if they're performing summer stock in a cavernous auditorium.
College Road Trip plays like an instructional video shown at orientation to ease sheltering parents afraid to let their children leave the nest.
[The] plot would make even the lightweight storylines of "That's So Raven" seem literary. It would make the lightweight storylines of a Bazooka Joe comic strip seem literary.
I hated every minute of this train wreck.
So wholesome it makes Hannah Montana look like Amy Winehouse.
We knew that high-school senior year would be fun--but this much fun?
College Road Trip hurts more than just the eyes and ears, it wreaks havoc on one's humane sensibilities.
Families seem to be extremely tolerant of taxing movie car trips. Perhaps the trick is that everyone is simply glad it's happening to another family and not theirs.
This comedy is a painful and disingenuous attempt to turn the formerly hard-partying, R-rated comedian Martin Lawrence into a cuddly, family-friendly film star.
The movie's patent lack of interest in anything but coarse slapstick only serves to make the moments when it tries to get sincere about the unique bond between fathers and their daughters even more excruciating than they would otherwise be.
Not that we expected much, when all is said and done. But College Road Trip ran out of ideas just after they came up with the title and had the inevitable meeting.
This shrill, chaotic, mass-market drivel is the kind of absent-minded family film that gives thoughtful, worthwhile family films a bad name.
College Road Trip is at its best when it drops any pretense of plot for sheer goof, and at its worst when Lawrence manages to out-ham even his porky four-legged costar.
The two leads have considerable screen appeal and decent chemistry, but are ill served by the material's sitcomish beats and mawkish resolution.
Not since Bob Crane put his dubious smirk to work in Disney's Superdad a generation ago has this particular set-up seemed quite so hoary.
College Road Trip is the kind of movie that its audiences will use once for blowing off steam and then toss aside as if it were shrink-wrap.
Even young kids will like father-daughter comedy.
The tagline says it all: 'They can't get there fast enough.'





@highlight

Filled with shrill gags and middling slapstick, College Road Trip is woefully short on comic imagination.