... the ending just raised another question: what the hell was that?
I've rarely seen a film so sure of its own seriousness and profundity.
I've never seen such a bad film so well made.
An overwrought, improbable drama that's as frustrating as it is morbid.
Proof that no black actor, regardless of acclaim or popularity, can ever truly transcend the Mythical Black Man motif. Milquetoast dweebishness robs Will Smith of his natural forcefulness, and "Seven Pounds" has easily the worst ending of the last decade.
Reactions to the movie will largely depend on whether or not viewers decide this time that the divine Mr. Smith has overreached. I say he has -- but I can't tell you why.
El ritmo de la cinta es algo lento en un inicio pero después mejora, aunque hay que decirlo, se siente la mano manipuladora del director que parece haber estado más concentrado en pensar si el público se sentiría conmovido que en hacer un filme memorable.
Seven Pounds may be the most spiritual picture of the holiday season; this story of redemption is a gift for moviegoers.
The ending will divide viewers. Some will shed tears, others will be outraged. It's a bold artistic choice, but one of questionable morality.
The creepiest version yet of the Magical Negro routine
Takes immense pleasure in letting its audience in on nothing.
The good, Will Smith is a brilliant actor. The bad, Seven Pounds isn't nearly as brilliant as Will Smith.
Will Smith's previous film with director Gabriele Muccino, The Pursuit of Happyness, was a tale well told. Their new one is a gimmicky tale annoyingly told.
A clumsily melodramatic movie that tells us too much too soon and forces us to sit through endless morose vacuousness.
Más allá de lo caprichoso de la historia, e incluso de lo fragmentario del relato -a lo 21 Gramos- es innegable la capacidad que exhibe Muccino para atrapar la atención del espectador.
Not a bad tearjerker for the holiday season and as Smith's in it, it'll probably make a mint.
...packs one hell of an emotional punch as it approaches its affecting and flat-out devastating conclusion.
Seven Pounds is an unexpected holiday powerhouse. Will Smith shakes off his familiar, comfortable persona, and cuts to the unsettled heart of humanity.
A contrived, thrill-less thriller that's more concerned about its inane gimmicks than about keeping you truly riveted, engrossed or enlightened.
A collage of strong scenes, dull bits, good filmmaking and a dissatisfying emotional payoff. A laudable attempt to tackle heavyweight subject-matter that ends up just being heavy weather.
It's not what you'd call any good, but Claude Lelouch fans, say, might relish its grandiose romantic gestures in the face of all known logic.
Seven Pounds can feel too heavy at times but Smith carries the film.
Seven Pounds is a profoundly irritating mystery about a profoundly silly man.
A supremely annoying film.
This is a 24-carat wallow in weapons grade mawkishness.
Seven Pounds feels like having Love Story and Beaches burnt onto your retinas in the style of A Clockwork Orange. But hang on for the finale...
The worst movie ever to star Will Smith, this is a morbid drama which is meant to reduce its audience to tears of empathy, but reduced me to groans and helpless laughter.
It is a complex movie, but also an absorbing and moving one - and in truth Will Smith does bring an extra dose of class that helps it succeed.
Seven Pounds is Will trying to be weighty but unlike The Pursuit Of Happyness (also directed by Muccino) it doesn't work.
Seven Pounds compounds the schmaltz in a tale of goody-goody benefaction and glutinous redemption, whose plot the distributors mercifully injunct us from revealing.
Soppy romance and excruciating piety cling to the film like bindweed, summoning the ghost of sobfest Pay It Forward, with the divine parallels of self-sacrifice taken to extremes of righteous absurdity.
mith's charisma holds the interest, even if this and his other recent movies (I Am Legend and Hancock) suggest the only thing bigger than his ears is his Messiah complex.
This preposterous, patience-draining, ponderous, Pay It Forward-style nonsense, from Gabriele Muccino, the director of The Pursuit Of Happyness, basically amounts to a big pile of backslapping on behalf of the ever-watchable Smith.
Ill conceived, poorly written and badly directed drama, featuring a career worst performance from Will Smith.
Will Smith is fast turning into the movie actor's Reader's Digest - an uplifting guide to healthy living and doing worthy things.
[Smith] has all the angst and gravitas of a school child pulling a straight face at assembly.
There is indeed a secret, but it is not overly challenging to work out what's going on in this annoying film.
Even by the standards of gotcha flicks, Seven Pounds seems especially somnolent and pretentious.
Neither literal poetry nor the reliable charm of Will Smith can save his character from the folly of screenwriter Grant Nieporte's deeply flawed premise.
Although the story wobbles at times, Seven Pounds stays the course thanks to Muccino's skilled direction.
The film's most abiding mystery lies in the question of why it ever got made.
Melodramatic and manipulative, but passionate.
Another note worthy Will Smith film and this one should not be missed out on.
The film's relentlessly somber tone becomes alienating. It's hard to care what the conclusion is if only more gloom awaits.
As the convoluted structure finally reveals the actual plot, it brings with it the unmistakable whiff of a vanity project
... the toll of self-imposed guilt and responsibility is a tangible thing... no more of a stretch than a man who ages backwards or a billionaire dressed like a giant bat.
a diffuse and disjointed effort
Operates on an emotional level so crude that the sacrificial act at its heart appears not only kitschy, but also repellent--not to mention icky.
Smith is a good actor, but he's lost it here. The film can be nauseating in its overbearing use of unbridled sentiment.
Para Ben Thomas é mais importante respeitar um tolo jogo dramático do que realmente ajudar o próximo. E, para Will Smith, ganhar uma indicação ao Oscar e se pintar como um Cristo moderno é motivação suficiente para jogar sua reputação no triturador.
Will Smith has played an alcoholic superhero, a mystical caddie and a fighter pilot on a mission to save the planet from aliens, but Ben Thomas might just be the most unbelievable role of them all.
The film, while slow moving, is worth the wait for the emotional payoff.
Smith and Dawson both look like death, so watching their romance-on-life-support is painfully dreary and tragically unsexy
Will Smith gives the best performance of his career in a movie that pounds on your heart.
Manages the not inconsiderable feat of being both painfully predictable and preposterous to the point of being demented.
Only the most morbidly inattentive viewer could possibly fail to figure out virtually every twist in the story from details supplied in the first five minutes.
It's the kind of premise that a writer will lovingly nurture and probe, but it fails the truth test. As a love story it's unsatisfactory and as a redemption story it's slightly ridiculous
Morality has never seemed as arduous as in this morbidly drawn, intense drama filled with questions and pretension - even the charismatic Smith cannot save this absurd tale
I think it's just kind of average but Rosario Dawson is great and worthy of some type of recognition throughout this award show season.
That big twist at the end... if you go back and analyze it -- I'm not sure it holds up, but I don't think it really matters all that much.
The final act leaves a melodramatic and manipulative residue that no amount of tears can wash away.
If there were a way to do a secular passion play, this would be it.
It's a movie about death and taxes (yes, really), a phony baloney tearjerker, one of those "noble" dramas that movie stars love filled with characters heavy with the weight of regret.
Scrooge is Will Smith's 21st century workaholic with text messaging addiction issues. Suicide by jellyfish, don't ask. Paging Dr. Kevorkian.
Surprisingly superficial message movie laden with schmaltz and mood muzak which adds up to little more than a feature-length public service announcement on the dangers of text-messaging while driving.
Maudlin, incredibly self-important and ultimately delivering a denouement that's head-scratching, nonetheless this picture is so well made, and so beautifully acted by Will Smith, that hating it for its numerous flaws proves to be surprisingly difficult.
With their latest collaboration, it seems as if [Smith and Muccino] were engaged in the pursuit of crappyness.
As the intricate plotting slowly gives way to the deeply felt, expertly played romance between Ben and Emily, the movie finds its heart.
The pacing of the film is painfully slow that by the time one gets to the payoff at the end and understands what's going on, you may be fighting to remember what happened during the film if you stayed awake for it.
Giving in to the sentimental spell should be done so without shame or guilt.
The 'big surprise' of "Seven Pounds' is that the 'big surprise' flies in your face during the first 15 minutes of the movie.
Will Smith's status as Hollywood's box office champ will be sorely tested with Seven Pounds
The intrigue of putting the clues of the plot together is fun in the beginning but becomes tedious midway through.
The results look nice, but there's little way to get past its intriguing but impenetrable (and unmarketable) premise.
An incredibly sappy and manipulative dirge disguised as a deep rumination on sacrifice and redemption.
To say that Seven Pounds is an odd film is an understatement--it's often downright bizarre. What's even crazier is that the damned thing kinda sorta works
It is a good movie that misses out on greatness simply because it was never really destined for it.
The real mystery is why such a maudlin screenplay made it to the big screen in the first place and what made Smith and Muccino think they could turn it into anything more than somber melodrama.
When it comes to having the courage to trust the audience, Muccino proves he's as spineless as a jellyfish.
Despite its heaping servings of misery, Seven Pounds is ultimately hopeful.
If [director Gabriele] Muccino [who directed Will Smith in the Pursuit of Happyness] had a sense of humor, he would have named Seven Pounds The Pursuit of Unhappyness.
It makes sense with the notable films of 2008 (the Synecdoches and Wrestlers), it just has the misfortune of sucking.
...a well-intentioned misfire. Give Smith credit for taking chances, but that's an A for effort, not for the actual film.
Sure, there are parts that are overly sappy and the ending is a little bit outlandish, but at least the film makes you think while sitting on the edge of your seat, which is a rare theater-going experience these days.
There is nothing feel good in a film that is about love, sorrow and sacrifice. This is a problem.
Where the weird government employee, who lives in a hotel that rents by the hour and buys sting rays for his aquarium, gets tested.
Smith himself is rarely boring, of course %u2014 he radiates talent, charm and intelligence. But in the new movie Seven Pounds, he has intentionally dialed down his most appealing qualities %u2014 romantic dash, comic sparkle, rousing physicality %
As high concepts go, Seven Pounds is distasteful in the extreme.
Muccino lays on the melodrama so thick that I felt like I needed a shower by the end, and instead of shedding a tear, I couldn't wait to get out of the theater.
Melancholy Will Smith film about extreme selflessness.
The outcome will make you want to throw a shoe at the screen.
It's a lovely performance [by Dawson], in part because her character throws every charm she's got at the one man who seems doomed to deflect it.
Muccino doesn't even do a credible job of keeping the supposedly earth-shattering secret -- an event finally depicted in full during the movie's climax.
It takes the soggy cake for multiple layers of sentimentality topped by indigestible grandiosity.
You will either be frustrated with its asymmetrical and manipulative storytelling or be captivated by scattered clues that ultimately lead to some kind of resolution.
Long after I'd stopped thinking about the movie's central gimmick, Smith's performance still stuck with me.
Slow and sappy. ... Prepare to gag.
A convoluted tearjerker complete with murky camerawork and even murkier emotions.
If you're in the market for a quality tearjerker, my advice is to stop reading this review now, avoid the film's revealing trailers and go see it with as blank a slate as possible.
A slow, improbable and very mawkish drama.
It affirms life as something enormous and important, not small, not meaningless, but monumental and worthy of big statements.
Aiming for profound, Seven Pounds stalls at maddeningly coy.
On an emotional level, one could decree that the movie is satisfying. On an intellectual level, it's disappointingly shallow.
A case study in overkill.
A self-styled romantic tragedy that doesn't know it's a horror movie.
The movie gets just enough right that the things it doesn't get right (beyond its overdependence on a not-so-surprising story puzzle) smack you cold in the face.
Smith's quest is the worst kind of sentimental gimmick: He's like Oskar Schindler and Oprah rolled into one. But credit Smith and Pursuit Of Happyness director Gabriele Muccino for keeping the tone solemn and muted.
The script, by Grant Nieporte, seems to fundamentally misunderstand its moral themes.
The whole thing ends in what's meant to be a spectacular act of selfless generosity -- but really plays as mad, messianic egoism.
The sad truth is that if you laid this movie out chronologically -- and maybe if you don't -- not a whole lot of it makes any sense.
You'll have plenty of time for your mind to wander; feel free to spend some of it imagining what this imposing pair could do with the right material.
Seven Pounds is a difficult story, multilayered, spare and full of detail, thoughtfully told.
Dawson exudes common sense, and the pulse -- the film's and mine -- quickened when she was onscreen.
Muccino, who balanced humor and pathos so well in Happyness, goes too heavy on the melodrama this time, at the expense of practically any other emotional shadings.
I would tell you to go out and see it for yourself, but you might take that as a recommendation rather than a plea for corroboration. Did I really see what I thought I saw?
When an actor reaches a summit of unparalleled global popularity, it is probably hard to resist the temptation to play God.
Please stay away from the plot line of this film and go into it with an open mind. You will be pleasantly and emotionally surprised.
Love or hate the film, Smith's performance in Seven Pounds is one of his best.
Equal parts bizarre and conventional, Seven Pounds is -- if not good -- an intriguing film.
Pound for pound, it's a hefty disappointment.
The film closes on a meeting between two characters that's now wayyyy high on my list of weirdest moments in cinema. It is, I think, supposed to be touching.
It's probably safe to argue that never before has the spirit of giving been pushed any higher. How high? According to my altimeter, to that oxygen-deprived point where lachrymose meets laughable.
No comic relief, no bursts of spontaneity -- everything seems calculated and overthought, muddling the message.
Seven Pounds features the best performance by a jellyfish in a film this year. Really, the thing is mesmerizing.
[The] script is filled with false notes and other hollow sentiments.
Not all holiday cheer need come in broad comedic strokes to warm the multiplex throngs.
It's impossible to talk about the movie without revealing the least little thing about its secret. And the secret is so flimsy, absurd and obvious that, if we write about it at all, you could figure it out from almost the moment the movie starts.
Will Smith has fame, fortune, and a beautiful family, but that's not enough -- he wants you to know what a beneficent guy he is too.
Too often the movie's preposterous ideas of goodly sacrifice blur the line between altruism and self-importance.
The whole narrative is too hollow and rickety as well as gimmicky for Muccino to breathe much life into it.
For all its ambitions, however, Seven Pounds ultimately fails in the one arena where it should be a cinematic slam dunk - the production of tears.
An unconvincing drama masquerading as a spiritual tale of redemption and sacrificial love.
I wanted to be left bawling like a little baby, this story has that potential. But when Ben gets distracted with Emily, so does the entire film. We almost forget Ben is on a focused (albeit depressed) journey.
"Seven Pounds" is like one of those little kids' puzzles with six or seven big pieces that once you fit a couple together, the others easily fall into place.
Put your faith in Will Smith and by his sacrifice ye will be reborn.
Seven Pounds has a heart as big as all outdoors. Unfortunately it's made out of high-fructose bull
...a dumb movie put together by people who think they're a lot smarter than their prospective audience.
Parental Content Review
Inspirational misfire about a guy seeking redemption by helping complete strangers has Will Smith in his grimmest role and his sloppiest movie. Whether his name can help this confusing film will be a big test of his star power.
[A] dour, morally beclouded film that confuses generosity and grief, self-abnegation and self-annihilation.
When this lump of coal isn't being schmaltzy and falsely mysterious, it's being harsh.
The ending becomes a frenzy of wacky scenarios and reveals that totally destroy whatever make-you-cry momentum it thought it had going for it.
An enigma wrapped in a soggy conumdrum.
Seven Pounds has one fantastic scene that I wish we could all see and discuss. Sadly, to get to that scene you have to sit through quite a bit of melodrama (with a side of cheese).
When the big finale finally drops, frankly, it's hard to care.
The film is based on quite an audacious premise, but Smith and Muccino slowly but surely pull it off.
Every now and then an ambitious film comes along that turns out to be a complete misfire.
Hey, it's a Will Smith movie so you'll WANT to like it - but despite a moving ending, Seven Pounds overstays its welcome.
The most spiritual movie of the year.
The day I stop being emotionally affected by films or become so cynical that I find displays of emotion something to sneer at, is the day I stop doing this job.
As holiday heartwarmers go, Seven Pounds is so unintentionally ghoulish, it makes Black Christmas look like It's a Wonderful Life.
Accompanied by one of the worst scores I've heard in some time, Seven Pounds follows its lead by continually trying to bury its final note under another one and constantly sounding like the composer missing the beat over and over and over again.
Seven Pounds is among the dumbest prestige films to vie for an award in this season of half-baked Oscar contenders. It's a waste of talent, a waste of two earnest performances, and a waste of forty good gallons of water.
A ludicrous testament to the human condition that never demonstrates a sense of an authentic human touch for a single second.
A movie so bizarre the studio is unwilling--or afraid-- to even tell you what it's about.
After watching an enthralling, emotional movie, I was left wondering why it has to come to this conclusion.
A deliberately muddled bit of inspirational pap.
Its decision to portray behavior that is at best morally compromised as an idealized sacrifice is a poor choice as an ethical matter and as a narrative matter.
Will Smith wants an Oscar. That much we understand. But if he thinks he can get one by playing a tragic character in very mediocre-to-bad movies, he's likely mistaken.
a razor blade wrapped inside a teddy bear.
Will Smith stars with aliens and zombies and superheros, yet this is his first film that's wholly unbelievable.
It's one of the clearest portrayals of a character's doubt, and ultimate resolution, I've seen in a good long while.
Seven Pounds is preposterous.
You know how people who go out of their way to seem mysterious or interesting are really just annoying? Turns out that applies to fictional people, too.
[M]ixes the triteness up in much the same way that a small child hides the fact that it hasn't eaten its peas by shoving them around the plate and then under the mashed potatoes...
The decision to score the final scene to a children's chorus singing Herman's Hermits' "Something Tells Me I'm Into Something Good" is ill-considered. Samply lyric: 'I walked her home and she held my hand/I knew it wouldn't be just a one-night stand'.
[Smith] gets my thanks for embarking on projects, however flawed, that take emotional risks.
Seven Pounds is a clever one, all right, but it might actually be too clever for its own good.
While it doesn't break any new ground or provide any revelations, Seven Pounds is unabashedly emotional and cautiously hopeful. It's the feel-good movie for these feel-bad times.
Pounds plays dirty, selecting a path of confusion to unfurl its ache, resulting in a near absence of psychological or emotional connection the movie is absolutely desperate to conjure.
An unintentionally ludicrous drama of repentance as an extreme sport.
I am fascinated by films that observe a character who is behaving precisely, with no apparent motivation. A good actor brings such a role into focus, as Will Smith does in the enigmatically titled Seven Pounds.
The only person you'll want to cry for is yourself, for having been fooled into sitting through the whole thing.
But even without the head-shaker ending, the movie would have been a failure due to Smith's lackadaisical performance.
It should've been about weightlifting. Or British currency. Anything but this.
Nothing can save a movie when the script is this bad...
Smith is more likable the less he tries to make us like him.
Spiritual redemption is not a typical Hollywood theme, but this Will Smith movie shows it can be done.
Intricately constructed so as to infuriate anyone predominantly guided by rationality and intellect.
Throughout Seven Pounds, Smith looks tired and drawn but not half as weary as audiences who subject themselves to this, the year's least-enjoyable movie concept.
Sappy and convoluted.
Odd couple: America's funnyman Carrey plays a depressed divorced bank loan officer who has given up on life, and the world's most popular star plays a depressed and tormented IRS agent whose Christ-like mission is to save suffering people from misery
Though the film can ultimately be faulted for pulling its punches...simply having the courage to indulge in some very risky conceits at holiday time, particularly during harsh economic conditions -- merits Smith and his colleagues enormous kudos.
Looking like he hasn't shaved in days, and wearing the same suit day after day, Smith is playing the Hollywood version of worn and weary.
It's only Smith's performance that makes the tears worth crying.
An emotional movie at the most emotional time of the year, it works to keep its secrets. But more importantly, when the tears do come, it has earned them.
And then there's also much ado about an allegedly poisonous computer-generated jellyfish.
Director Gabriele Muccino seems to think he's in Ingmar Bergman territory, but he's actually made the longest, most dour episode of My Name is Earl imaginable.
Dispiritingly obvious and phony from top to bottom


@highlight

Grim and morose, Seven Pounds is also undone by an illogical plot.