This film turns the wackiness dial up high.
3D technology is highlighted in lawn mower racing and in some water scenes... [Full review in Spanish]
A passable afternoon's entertainment this film brings, Though somewhere Shakespeare is banging his head.
Sophomoric humor and a lack of substance make Gnomeo and Juliet a rather forgettable flick.
A daft and mostly deft low-budget animated "Romeo & Juliet"
And thus the old joke has finally been fulfilled of someone pitching Romeo and Juliet to Hollywood and hearing in response, 'Couldn't they live at the end? I mean, it's kind of a downer.' [Blu-ray]
... shenanigans play out to a score of classic Elton John songs (and two new ones) and a script crammed full of pop-culture references and Shakespeare puns.
One of the most charming and kid-friendly animated offerings in quite a while.
Gnome matter what, I try not to pre-judge.
A plethora of talented voices and some silly Shakespearean references make this cartoon a winner.
"Toy Story" goes Shakespearean in this animated retelling of the tale of the star-crossed lovers of Verona.
For a movie about inanimate objects, Gnomeo & Juliet is quite animated.
For all the difference it would make, they could have just booted the Elton John tunes and instead employed, say, Gerry Rafferty's "Baker Street" or Cee Lo's "**** You."
Gnomeo & Juliet stays too low to the ground to become an animated classic, but if there's a fairer midwinter's tale, wherefore art thou?
It's a diversity of talent befitting the melding of Shakespeare, Elton John, and garden gnomes; those unopposed to a little lunacy will enjoy the adventure.
Uneven is the course, as the Bard might say, but the ride is plenty of fun.
For all the clever writing buried in the Gnomeo & Juliet script, the end result is a bit disappointing. But I couldn't hate it.
Shakespeare is hovering, rolling, and leaping in his grave, folks...
There is something unbelievably cool about tapping your toes to Tiny Dancer, Rocket Man, and Bennie And The Jets while adorable little gnomes cavort about and ultimately wreak havoc on screen.
Gnomeo & Juliet was not a good idea to begin with.
Rest assured the ending here is very 21st century: cheap, predictable, and witless.
What would have saved it, if it had been saved, is the design and animation.
The nine writers involved (this took nine writers?) wussed out on the tragic ending in a way that won't bother the kids but might feel like a cop-out to some of the older audience members.
Discounting William Shakespeare and the two guys who wrote an earlier screenplay it took seven writers to come up with the script for this.
A fun, disposable animation designed for short attention spans and lovers of garden ornaments.
The film's adherence to irony becomes tedious, especially with the supporting characters planting more adult references in almost every conversation.
A kitsch and colourful animation whose one-joke concept has its fun moments but only works in a limited, one-dimensional way
A hit, a very palpable hit.
A lot of thought, love and (on the part of the animators) hard work has gone into this picture...
Sadly, the music is largely wasted on the material, as somehow gnomes racing a lawnmower doesn't organically translate to a song about fighting and getting a little action in.
To go or not to go, that is the question you must ask when considering Gnomeo's third act. It's boring. Acts one & two, however, are hilarious.
Entertaining animated comedy that succeeds thanks to a witty script, a decent gag rate and terrific voice performances from an impressive cast.
Executive producer Elton John's indelible stamp is all over this colorful family film.
Much of the charm of this film lies in the fairy tale lives of these backyard fixtures. The attention to detail is masterful.
Creative, much less tragic take on classic love story.
Chances are this movie would be just as effective in good, old 2-D. But let's face it, today's younger audiences are drawn to the promise of what they might see once they don those oversized glasses.
An inoffensive but entirely unmemorable kiddie version of the Bard's classic romance.
Thanks to the guiding hand of director Kelly Asbury (Shrek 2) and sweet voice work in the leads by James McAvoy and Emily Blunt, it's not bad at all.
... has its cute moments, but it's the cuteness of desperation ...
There's enough going on to make you wish the movie worked better than it does. A few more drafts, along with a title change, and it could have been great, rather than merely muddled.
Rather than staying completely faithful to Shakespeare's literary work, the screenwriters appear to be more concerned with cramming the film full of tired sight gags, humorless pop culture references and uninspired wordplay.
Seriously, have most small children here even seen a garden gnome? Outside of a website commercial, maybe, or the cover of Grandpa's old "All Things Must Pass" album?
Parting with it is not such sweet sorrow.
The greatest film ever made about living, breathing garden gnomes.
What is there to say about a movie that beats its eccentric premise to the ground in the first scene, and doesn't stop?
There's nothing here as clever as you find in Pixar fare, or Dreamwork's successful Shrek franchise, although co-writer/director Kelly Asbury did helm the Oscar-nominated Shrek 2.
What is there to say about a movie that beats its eccentric premise to the ground in the first scene, and doesn't stop?
[A] delightfully silly animated flick, which doesn't wear out its welcome.
No doubt producers/partners Elton John and David Furnish responded to the story's notion that love and 'matrignomy' are matters of the heart that deserve respect rather than interference and condemnation.
Not to be confused with Troma's "Tromeo and Juliet" (1996) or anything from Pixar, Disney's "Gnomeo & Juliet" is likely to be the worst gnome movie you see this year.
Given the size of the writing staff, it's no surprise the script feels like a committee job, overstocked with a high ratio of groan-to-grin quips.
Might be more enjoyable if it weren't so conspicuously constructed as a showcase for Elton John's music catalogue. The two "new releases" are particularly ear-scalding.
Kids will enjoy it, adults will survive it, and the final credits will leave you in a better mood than when you started. Not bad for a bunch of Home Depot escapees.
Novelty alone does not a good idea make, and in the case of Gnomeo and Juliet, it's rather a disturbing, even fetishy one.
The filmmakers fully acknowledge how utterly silly their concept is and the result is a playful movie that is much more entertaining than it has any right to be.
This retelling of the Bard's tale is tedious stuff, in the way that second-rate animated movies tend to be.
Creator Kelly Asbury has discovered imaginative ways to freshen up the timeless material and introduce it to the next generation.
If the movie, which starts out shakily, improves in the second half, it is a discombobulated grab bag of jokes peopled with characters who have little emotional resonance.
What's happening beneath the surface, though, makes for more than escapist fun; Gnomeo & Juliet also serves as a smart tribute to camp and, as such, carries some clever, subversive comments on modern society.
It's directed with flair and energy, spirited, funny and charming.
It's a sorry spectacle, watching garden gnomes being robbed of their dignity.
The animation is bright and appealing -- and it holds up in 3-D, which is always nice. And the voice cast is rather remarkable.
Exactly the kind of movie you wish for when you're the parent of small children. It's fast, funny and smart enough to tickle the tots and amuse the adults.
What makes the film most endearing is its unabashed eccentricity.
...way this film is the "Mama Mia" of garden gnomes!
Adults will be consistently amused by all of the references and in-jokes to the Bard's famed works, while children will learn a little about the original play as they get swept up in the likable characters and fast-paced, heartfelt story.
It's a little bit funny. Not much more than a bit, but enough to make this a cheerful, likable children's picture with a big heart.
This lively little film, a comic take on Shakespeare's tragedy, is really entertaining.
Much of the play's dialogue is updated. Jokes fall flat. And a ceramic gnome by any other name is still a kitschy little figure.
It's one of the most unoriginal movies to come down the pipe in a long time, but Gnomeo & Juliet manages, just barely, to rise above these obstacles and carve out an identity of its own.
Kids will fall in love with it as a movie treat full of heart, laughs and fantastic songs, and it could have crossover appeal as a Valentine date night treat thanks to all its pointy-hatted romance.
In the end, as slight as much of it is, there simply isn't any woe, in this tale of Juliet and her Gnomeo.
Gnomeo & Juliet won't change any paradigms in animation or in depictions of Shakespeare, but it will certainly keep kids in stitches and their parents smiling for its short duration. Perhaps that's enough.
If only the 3-D hadn't been wasted on the claustrophobic trappings of a backyard feud.
The film is sparky and offbeat, but the script - credited to seven people, not including the Bard of Avon - isn't consistently funny or imaginative and too much of it seems camp rather than amusing.
Playful, inventive and endearing, this 84-minute epic is smart enough not to overstay its welcome as it steers clear of the fatuous and the formulaic.
The film needed a whole lot more of humor relevant to its world.
While the gimmick of sending up Shakespeare may be lost on kids -- who will enjoy the movie's colorful palette, silly characters and overall cuteness -- older and more literate viewers will appreciate the satirical bits peppered throughout the film.
Defiantly derivative and groaning from joke overload, this Disney pickup takes more than half its running time to find a distinctive tone, a reason for being.
This fun flick has tongue firmly planted in cheek, a trove of Elton John songs, an excellent voice cast, and nifty animation.
It's all really a bit cheeky... to have [Elton] John substituting for the insight and authority of William Shakespeare. Tragic ending? That's rubbish! You can't hop and bop to the Crocodile Rock if you're dead by poisoning!
Wait for the next Elton John-themed lawn gnome Shakespeare adaptation.
Are we in such a hurry to introduce preschool kids to "Romeo and Juliet" that they need to see a computer-animated, bowdlerized version featuring garden gnomes and a happy ending?
As enjoyable as non-Pixar kiddie flicks get, a high-spirited, high-end comic revamp of Big Bill's eternal tragedy.
Far too much of the film is devoted to eye-rolling pop-culture gags and long montages set to recycled Elton John songs.
too clichéd and clumsily assembled to provide entertainment value to anyone except the rarified demographic of moviegoers that automatically finds garden gnomes charming.
It's easy to imagine the voice cast headlining a terrific romantic comedy for adults, but Gnomeo is strictly a kids-only enterprise.
The result is like watching an over-extended sketch. The first few minutes make you laugh. The next bring a slight smile. The rest of the time you are silent, the joke and the accompanying freshness having long gone stale.
The logic seems to be that the bright colors and half-hearted attempts at plot will be enough, but even the youngest kids know better by now.
...this primary-colored parable about feuding lawn-ornament clans is easy on the eyes and good for some laffs. Ducking tragedy, [it] still dives into some surprisingly dark waters.
As an earnest and mostly successful stab at what seemed like a flawed idea, Gnomeo & Juliet somehow manages to evoke fond memories.
Though a stodgy script means the people at DreamWorks and Pixar won't be having any sleepless nights, there's still much to like about this colourful "gnomance" for kids.
Tolerable but forgettable, Gnomeo & Juliet is a halfway clever idea executed with minimal effort and ingenuity. It continuously reaches for the lowest-hanging fruit -- in its jokes, in its animation style and its brazen, narrow appeal to tykes.
Quite short and mildly appealing, much like a garden gnome.
Feuding tribes of gnomes freeze into inanimate objects whenever a human looks at them. Too bad that doesn't hold true for the humans in the audience.
The cleverness and humor pretty much stops at the title.
...possibly the worst animated feature ever to be distributed under the Disney banner.
The good news about this sendup of the classic is that it's better than you might think (even terrific for some fans); the bad news is that you can't get away from the foolishness of even trying such a thing.
Shakespeare with lawn ornaments turns out to be an unexpectedly winning proposition in Gnomeo & Juliet.
In this bright, bouncy Shakespeare take-off, animated gnomes tell the tale of the classic romantic tragedy.
Elton John songs and love-struck garden gnomes.
"Gnomeo & Juliet" isn't a great movie but it's fun. Can't wait to see what they do with "Turtles Andronicus."
Every movie about cuddly dwarf statues in an English garden should have music this big.
Despite the novel approach to Shakespeare's oft-told tale of doomed love, this 3D animated garden gnome variation never fully comes to life.
It's cute, all right. But even as Shakespearean tragedies aimed at kids go, Gnomeo & Juliet is a slender conceit that stretches itself way too thin.
A vibrant bit of cheeky entertainment, a beautifully animated romp that plays better cute than clever, offering miniature merriment and cheerful blasts of classic rock while pantsing the Bard.
This is Romeo and Juliet with a happy ending -- which can't have been easy. Asbury does a good job of unifying the whole and preserving the English humour.
[VIDEO] Sharing only a smidgen of a resemblance to the legendary storyline of Shakespeare's tragedy this animated children's movie is an abomination by any standard.
Disposable, garden-variety entertainment.
Even if it doesn't quite gel, it's admirable that a film made of such weird ingredients is even vaguely palatable.
It's a bit of colourful fun that fast turns into a surprisingly guilty pleasure, to be honest. You'd have to have a heart of stone not to be entertained.
Charming, puntastic and entertaining.
Boasting plenty of chuckles and a bubbly charm, there's a lot to admire about this kid's toon.
As well as adding colour to the characters, the animation nicely captures the textures of the backyard which in turn bring an engaging simplicity to some of the cuter sight gags.
A Disney toon seemingly born solely from a bad pun, this computer-animated trifle pieces together its Bard adaptation from the spare parts of superior Shakespeare-for-kids predecessors.
Offhand you might imagine that doing an animated version of 'Romeo and Juliet' with the characters played by lawn gnomes...would be a terrible idea. Now you have unassailable proof that you'd be right.
Gnomeo & Juliet is Romeo & Juliet...but with gnomes? That's TERRIBLE. It's like doing Moth-ello, a kids' film about a Moorish general who hatches from a cocoon, flies towards lightbulbs and eats jerseys.
Totally crackers but it gets powered by pure invention and eccentricity alone.
[It's] tragic alright, but not in the same way as the Bard intended.
It's all snarky dialogue and whizzy action. But it's also silly enough to keep both adults and children chuckling.
A surprisingly entertaining animated caper...


@highlight

While it has moments of inspiration, Gnomeo and Juliet is often too self-referential for its own good.