Self-fondling Americana
The Astronaut Farmer is one of those movies that you don't believe for a moment while you're watching it, but you leave with a warm glow. But by the time you've driven home, you realize you've been conned.
We should be routing for Farmer and delighted that his dreams are finally becoming a reality, but, instead, the implausibility of the whole thing, the sheer Disneyification of its premise, the Capra-corn nature of its "follow your dreams and never, ever q
It's hard not to like this goofy little film...engaging and uplifting for young and old.
While it is far too long, especially in the home stretch, The Astronaut Farmer is a heartwarming and fun story about the tenacity it takes to see a dream through.
The filmmakers reveal a keen eye for oddities in the American landscape be it a pair of conjoined twins trying to look normal, a huge ark sitting in the middle of a Montana town or a rocket nestled in a barn.
It earns emotion because Farmer's arguments with the F.A.A. and his own wife appeal to basic hopes of liberty - belief that dreaming doesn't have to end with adulthood.
Movies, even if they are ridiculous, are supposed to give us a desire to believe it could happen. This movie never comes close.
As sweet as new-mown hay, "The Astronaut Farmer" is a gentle movie about pursuing dreams regardless of the cost.
a quirky, feel-good flick that espouses the virtues of following your dreams, no matter how improbable.
Fueled by a decidedly American formula of can-do crazy, The Astronaut Farmer feels, for all its libertarianism, a little lost in space.
A wise, weird and wonderful indie film that is chock-full of quirky characters, intriguing situations and sly social satire.
...scientifically implausible, even laughable, but emotionally it's irresistible...
Pretty photography and excellent casting cannot redeem this contrived (for reasons other than the actual idea, which is a good one) story.
If 'feel good' is a film objective worthy of ridicule, then call this reviewer a space cadet.
Has a scrappy charm that's hard to completely resist.
[The film has] a plodding, pedestrian (at best) script, utterly uninvolving characters and easy potshots at the usual suspects.
Perhaps the greatest compliment I can pay the movie is to say that it actively made me want to throw logic right out the window and surrender completely to the fantasy. Which is exactly what I did. This is a little masterpiece.
If you like Frank Capra-like movies, then this is for you.
If somewhat overly familiar and contrived at times this is a likable Capra-esque story.
In terms of message, the film haphazardly succeeds, but the poorly-decided path to get there on Farmer's part won't wash with anyone except the kids who are too young to understand.
The motto of the brothers Polish must be, 'If you plant a cornball drama in Texas, they will come.'
I loved the big beautiful idea of it all & its 1st few minutes. And it does give great climax. Unfortunately, the script is somewhat rickety. I kept wanting to rewrite it.
The Polish brothers, masters of the weird, have decided to make a family film. Everybody does that occasionally, and this time they succeed.
Fortunately, this fable revolves around a role model worth emulating with an intact moral compass and an indomitable spirit of adventure. What a breath of fresh air after that Space Shuttle Commander arrested for attempted murder in an adult diaper.
With The Astronaut Farmer writer-director Michael Polish and his co-writer brother Mark continue a foray into American mythmaking that began with Northfork.
It could be portending the decline and fall of Hollywood, except that it is so unexceptionally bad, and unexceptionally typical of the studio fare right now.
What's really sad is that when the story makes an attempt at drama, the tone change from goofy fun Disney pic is a little disconcerting.
This drama won't fly for anyone who considers Charles Farmer's mission a self-indulgent obsession that places a family of five at risk.
It's too bad that it takes a mess of rocket fuel to spark The Astronaut Farmer beyond its sugary surrealism...the sky's limit is applied to this heart-filled hokum.
Audie has always believed Charlie will launch his rocket. And with one neat, maybe comical metaphor, it's very clear what's at stake.
It strains credulity to think that anyone would make a movie that strains credulity like this one. If it isn't the dumbest movie ever made, it's close.
This may get some in the audience to dream of doing more creative things with their free time than just going to the movies.
This family-friendly fable lifts off with unabashedly sentimental inspiration. Talk about having The Right Stuff!
challenges the status quo with a gentle but insistent nudge, celebrating personal freedom over the restraints of a big government that answers to no one. It's quintessentially American and quintessentially enchanting
Quirky for quirky's sake, making it absurd and insulting.
Though weightless in terms of credibility, The Astronaut Farmer has the right stuff to entertain the family.
Billy Bob Thornton finally sheds his Bad Santa-ness to play an everyday hero in the uplifting, if slightly cornball, family drama.
An exuberant movie about a dreamer whose passion and zeal lights up his life and unifies his family behind him.
Too odd for a studio movie, too cornpone for the independent scene, The Astronaut Farmer
Each shot is lovingly framed to show the golden light playing over the pastoral landscapes, set in a small town that makes Mayberry seem unfriendly and featuring a family so unconditionally loving and devoted that we seem to have come upon them mid-Hallma
...it would have been better set in the Polish brothers' allegorical, surreal world, rather than ours.
By film's conclusion it's hard not to root for the main character's success, if only so Earth can be rid of one more lousy husband and parent.
To say that they don't make movies like this anymore -- splendidly, quietly angry in a folksy, old-fashioned kind of way -- is to prove its point...
was really worried this movie would be boring, all about looking at the stars and speaking before committee hearings. There's some of that, but they really keep the pace moving.
About as subtle as a brick thrown through a bank window.
The Polish brothers... never make the indie-filmmaker mistake of condescending to these characters or their small-town setting.
Charlie's dream is so outlandish that it could only be fulfilled in a ridiculous Hollywood movie. The price paid by Charlie's wife and children, however, feels too real for his fantasy to be inspiring.
You either roll with the hokum or you don't. If you do, the essential message of realizing your dreams flies as well as Jimmy Stewart's angel wings. If you don't, reality is as close as the nearest window.
A mysterious little movie about a man following his dream, The Astronaut Farmer seems to be a visitor from some alternative universe, a place where logic and reason and recognizable human behavior have little reign.
The Astronaut Farmer's goofy quality makes it totally endearing. It's also super entertaining. Critics are fond of referring to movies as a 'great ride.' With this one, the words couldn't be more apt.
This oddball has something beyond root-for-the-roots sentiments. Thornton, well into his own orbit, is very genuinely appealing as a guy who wires his big dream machine to a loose but glowing screw in his head. Rise up, farm bird.
Lovely on many levels, from its gauzily sunlit interiors and sweeping shots of stunning landscape to its warm depiction of family, The Astronaut Farmer reveals an ornery individualism as it unfolds.
Sometimes a movie is so amiable and well-intentioned, you're willing to let implausibility slide by. I overheard a filmgoer say after the preview screening, 'It's not often enough that you leave a film with a smile on your face.'
There is a lot of charm and warmth in the movie. As stubborn, warm-hearted Charles, Thornton has never been better, and he receives wonderful support from Madsen and the three children.
Filled with lovely images (the opening credit sequence, of Charlie in his spacesuit, riding the range on horseback, is a beaut) and nice character turns, The Astronaut Farmer nonetheless veers too close to cliche.
A movie with a surplus of intriguing ideas but a deficit of credibility. We understand the movie is intended as something of a fable; still, it's a pretty far-fetched premise, and the Polish brothers never really sell us on the reality of the machine.
It's something of a bore, and it's neither crackpot enough to satisfy your inner film geek nor plausible enough to elicit empathy. Billy Bob provides a wonderfully stoic presence, but he can't carry a whole rocket on his back.
What could have been a sagebrush Fitzcarraldo wants to be a feel-good fable.
I was content to go along for the ride with this excellently cast labor of love -- which shows just how much you can accomplish with $12 million and more imagination than most big-studio re leases can muster these days.
It's hard not to like a movie so determined to make you feel the love of a family, to make you feel that every dream can become a reality and that every mortgage can be rescued by the sudden death of a family member and his inheritance.
Thornton's serene certainty that he can touch the stars all on his own has an irresistible pull. Even as the sensible part of you is hoping he won't be a dadgum fool and endanger his life, the visionary thinks, go ahead. Try.
The most arresting moments in Astronaut take place around the family dinner table, where a game called 'I believe we're going to space' elicits laughter and then, crushingly, tears.
[The filmmakers] subtle wit and feel for smalltown behavior gives AF a common-sensical veneer. That helps ground the story a little, though it ultimately can't get its head out of the clouds.
The closer the character gets to actually firing up his rocket, the less fun the film becomes. The Polish brothers lose their goofy sense of humor, and The Astronaut Farmer turns serious and, heaven help us, inspiring.
In the way it celebrates can-do spirit and the rugged individual and the power of dreams and all that, The Astronaut Farmer seems to be a nostalgia outing about another time and place and a celebration of the people who lived in that America.
The cinematic equivalent of lasagna -- plot ground up with meat, characters that lay there like limp noodles and the whole thing slathered in cheese.
Look, there's Bruce Willis, an old astronaut buddy from Farmer's aeronautics-training days! No, Mission Control, this isn't Armageddon. Ben Affleck is nowhere in sight...
You keep waiting for the other shoe to drop: When will the irony start? The twist is there isn't one. The Astronaut Farmer starts out looking like a parody of wholesome inspirational fare and then gets ever-more sincere and outlandish.
The Polish boys have a fine time poking fun at government paranoia, mass commercialization, bureaucrats, banks, WMDs and all manner of modern nonsense. But throughout the film two things remain central: Farmer's love of family and his dream.
Though there is no lack of amusement in all this, the Polish brothers and the cast play it perfectly straight. Farmer is as determined to go to space as Mister Deeds is to go to town or Mr. Smith is to go to Washington.
A movie that has more appealing elements than anything else [the Polish brothers have] done. On top of that, the movie is handsome visually, which helps paper over the fact that the script fires in several different directions.
It tries to be more than an amusing Disney sitcom about crazy dad and his big rocket. But it's somewhat less than a deep exploration of character and responsibility.
One of the loopiest inspirational-dreamer movies you'll ever see. This is the kind of film where you're watching some strange madness transpiring and you're thinking, 'I'll bet this is a dream sequence' -- only it's not, it's just more cheery weirdness.
The value of [Farmer's] dream and its potential for destruction are irrelevant. Refusing to accept defeat is all that matters -- at least if you're the designated good guy.
The film follows a Hollywood marketing plan more than any personal vision and couches ideas in timeworn platitudes. It's illogical and emotionally unsatisfying.
With The Astronaut Farmer, the Polish Brothers have entered a higher orbit by crafting a bigger-budget family film about a cowboy who is singing to gravity itself when he belts out 'Don't Fence Me In.'
From the very first shot of Thornton on horseback, herding stray cattle in his spacesuit, this is a work that often feels orchestrated instead of inspired, literal rather than ethereal.
It's impossible to take The Astronaut Farmer seriously on a literal or dramatic level if the ending's never in doubt. In the back of our minds, we have an idea where things will end up, so most of the movie is a waiting game.
Houston, we've got a bomb!
Now they've gone the family friendly route and done so with a great deal of success, and even if much of it does feel a bit familiar the whole thing is still so well assembled and wonderfully put together watching the picture is hardly a chore.
Like Rocky with a cockpit instead of a boxing ring.
...a charming, Capraesque fantasy...
There's so much more possible than what's being offered here. In that sense, The Astronaut Farmer doesn't aim or dream nearly high enough.
From a laughable title with a jokey double meaning to a formulaic plot that charges ahead seemingly unaware of how ridiculous it is, this is one bold movie.
Charlie Farmer is not so sunny that he doesn't carry a bit of menace with him - in the end he may be closer to Lonesome Rhodes than Sheriff Andy Taylor. This freak is going to be lighting something up - might as well be a rocket.
Family-oriented fantasy, paranoia thriller, midlife-crisis drama... It's as if the screenwriters felt obligated to throw in a few ingredients for every possible audience...
It's a delightful and upbeat fairy tale for grownups.
With another actor in the title role (Kevin Costner, say, just off the top of my head) the mawkishness would be unbearable, but Mr. Thornton can be relied upon for understated dignity accompanied by an intriguing undertone of serious craziness.
The perfect film for all those delusional, self-entitled American Idol rejects...darn it, this is America, where any man can lead a horse around his ranch in a spacesuit...
It has heart and soul but no depth.
What the Polish Brothers have done here is transplant the otherworldly feel and overt allegory of Northfork into a story that's as familiar as that film's was odd and inscrutable. The result is elegiac, gorgeous, and utterly enchanting.
an inspiring, feel good story about dreamers that lets itself go a bit too far in the final act.
Without straining to preach the things studio executives mistake for values, Astronaut Farmer becomes the rare family film that should appeal to parents and children equally without patronizing either group.
A well-meaning but insufferably corny yarn.
It's a good thing that it's a sweet fairy tale, because in the real world, it's a narrative fool's errand.
This movie is some muddled imagineering. It's a glib fantasy that soars beyond the misinformation belt into the vacuous realm of misinspiration.
This is neither a satire nor an allegory. It's an infuriating and formulaic attempt at inspirational drama that panders so appallingly to an American audience hungry for uplifting tales of derring-do that it feels insulting from start to finish.
Director Michael Polish and his co-scenarist and brother Mark don't fall into the trap of trying to redo Frank Capra. They have their own approach to the material, with an eye for the eccentric amid the commonplace adding just the right touch of humor.
It follows the paradigm of inspirational movies so perfectly that even the smallest deviation seems rebellious. The movie's orthodoxy is precisely what allows us to take such pleasure in its irregularities.
A cuddly mainstream film for weird outcasts everywhere.
Some movies are so flagrantly awful that they achieve classic status. To this rarefied company we must now add The Astronaut Farmer, a nut brain fable that is all the more perversely enjoyable for being seriously intended.
A dreadful mismatch of indie 'arty' filmmakers and a Hollywood popcorny family formula script. The [directors] copy shots, icons and themes from The Right Stuff, but plainly never got a handle on how to make their quirky screenplay work.
When it's more grounded -- in normal, everyday family drama -- the film works fine. But it gets weirder as it goes along. In fact, it gets so far out and goes so far off track that recovery is impossible.
Farmer is a collection of gorgeous farmland photography and retro space race minutiae, lovingly captured by the production in a peculiar way that walks the line between period piece and fantasy.
Farmer isn't the radical reinterpretation of the kid's film genre that one might expect from the Polish brothers' previous credits.
Sure, characters spout inspirational lines left and right, but its warm, cozy, and sometimes renegade vibe is utterly contagious.
Celebrates kids who see their parents as heroes, and parents who fight tooth and nail to live up to that image.
The Astronaut Farmer could almost be a relic from the golden age of Hollywood, an inspirational drama about staying true to one's hopes and ideals no matter the social, economic, or emotional cost.
The strength of the movie lies in its timelessness, its feel for those parts of the American landscape, and national character, that remain unchanging through the ages.
The movie's unpretentious lightheartedness, which echoes the old-fashioned, corn-fed lore of Frank Capra, or even The Andy Griffith Show, makes it blissfully easy to sign on for this good-natured voyage.
In a way, the whole movie is like a dream. Opening with a sunrise and closing with a sunset, the Polish brothers' Astronaut Farmer is a beautiful movie dedicated to a simple idea that they push to its light-years-away extreme: Family comes first.
The rare film that can make you question your own sanity, but The Astronaut Farmer is so lacking in plausibility, explanation, motivation and physical science that you start to ask: Is it me? Rest assured: It's them.
A dysfunctional movie. I sort of liked it anyway, at least parts of it. The actors made me.
The film feels fraudulent -- not deceitful, but hard to swallow. We're told Farmer is $600,000 in debt, yet a $300,000 windfall solves everything.
...exists in its own lovely little universe, and the best way to appreciate it is to not hold it up to the rules and expectations of ours.
Coming off like Horatio Alger in a spacesuit, The Astronaut Farmer is anachronistic in a refreshing way, echoing the persistent can-do industriousness of classic Americana, where working hard to achieve your goal is all that matters.
The Astronaut Farmer may not be fresh or unpredictable, but it has no problem lifting off. It's nice to believe we live in a world in which Charles can launch into the heavens.
The Astronaut Farmer just drifts off into space.
The movie is so serenely in orbit that there's nothing to do but float along and enjoy the strange, sweet ride.
In boots, spurs and bow-legged jeans under his homemade Stanley Kubrick space suit, Billy Bob makes dreamers of us all.
It's hardly subversive, but it is a powerful, PG-rated punch in the gut of America's heartland.
This movie works precisely because it's bereft of modern cinema's cynicism -- that above-it-all sneer that permeates most of the well-intentioned kiddie films made more to hold parents' attention than their children's.
A dreamy fairytale for all ages, it's a heart-warming film that's hard not to like. And why would you even want to try to resist a movie with this much natural born charm?
Stuck between an idealized '60s era idea of liberty and our post-9/11 clampdown under Big Brother, "The Astronaut Farmer" is a high concept movie that never bothers to bridge its essential gap of sanity and reason.
Anyone looking for pleasant escapism should be able to enjoy this without having to turn their brain off completely.
Apparently calculated to lift your spirits but will probably cause your jaw to drop instead.
No adult should feel ashamed seeing it because, regardless of the age of the viewer, the reward is worth the investment of 100 minutes.
Plays too much like an Ayn Rand novel and not enough like October Sky.
I was pleasantly surprised to find out this film, written by Mark and Michael Polish, was a colorful film about reaching your dreams and aspiring to be more than other's think possible.
Some dreams should die. A wimp rocket to nowhere.
Even for those who don't wholly buy into the film's 'if we don't have our dreams, we have nothing' ethos, there are many small pleasures to savor.




@highlight

The Astronaut Farmer is a charming, inspirational drama that successfully avoids modern cinematic cliches while appealing to the optimistic dreamer in all of us.