This is a movie that's packed with sexy metaphors. But it's missing the emotional connective tissue required to hold them all together.
Antiviral is a none-too-subtle comment on tabloid-generated fandom. But it's undeniably intriguing and loaded with Cronenbergian atmosphere.
It's a work that feels technically precise but trying just a little too hard
I respect ANTIVIRAL, but I can't say I liked it. But then again, I'm not sure it wants to be liked. In fact, I believe it's trying very hard to make you not like it.
A tough, almost willfully difficult movie, but it's fascinating more often than it is dramatically off-putting.
Antiviral is what happens when you make a movie around a fleetingly interesting idea but forget to find a story in it.
...a ridiculous and flat-out dumb premise that's employed to terminally underwhelming effect by Cronenberg...
With an obsession for close-ups of needles piercing skin, Antiviral leaves one with a OCD-style desire to wash ones hands... the overreaching success of the film lies in its believable depiction of a culture slowly rotting at the core.
The script is thin but effectively creepy as it examines contemporary pop culture obsessions while maximizing the queasy close-ups of needles, blood and medical procedures.
How sick can fans of a celebrity get? Very, answers "Antiviral." Imagine fan fetish culture metastasizing. A pox on consumers and capitalists alike, Brandon Cronenberg sneers.
Our Lindsay Lohan-obsessed culture gets its comeuppance in this surgically precise satire.
As pretentious as it is boring.
Brandon (son of David) Cronenberg demonstrates that the diseased tumor doesn't fall far from the infected corpse, so to speak: He's delivered a movie of smart, satirical science-fiction concepts and disturbing, sometimes bloody images.
A gutsy, notable debut for a young filmmaker who needs to find a unique voice to match his unique ideas.
The metaphors are maybe too clear (there's a food product grown from celebrity muscle cells), but the filmmaking is solid, using a nearly monochrome palette for its sleek dystopia.
Originality is a rare commodity in art, so when something fresh and unexpected comes my way, it's cause for celebration. Brandon Cronenberg's Antiviral is cause for celebration.
Cronenberg Jnr has created a reality that makes the skin crawl. Satire, horror and sci-fi meld into one delectably gruesome tale in which Caleb Landry Jones' pasty protagonist spends most of the film clutching a thermometer, syringe and a vial of blood
Cronenberg Jnr has created a reality that makes the skin crawl. Satire, horror and sci-fi meld into one delectably gruesome tale in which Caleb Landry Jones' pasty protagonist spends most of the film clutching a thermometer, syringe and a vial of blood
If Cronenberg's not yet a dead ringer for his iconic dad, he's taken an intriguing first step.
While Brandon Cronenberg surely lives up to the family name, I can't prescribe Antiviral to anyone needing an exciting sci-fi fix.
The pace is uneven, the energy sluggish (even the arrival of Malcolm McDowell in the third act doesn't pep things up) and the film feels overlong.
Undoubtedly a challenging watch, but it's helped greatly by beautiful cinematography and music.
If weirdness was all that mattered, Antiviral would be a must-see.
As a piss-take of society's shallow fascination with Kardashian-like nobodies, Antiviral is coolly effective, but there's little insight into the psychology that drives normal people to fixate on such 'celebrities'.
Sick, stomach-churning, satirical sci-fi - and the many distastefully visceral syringe scenes are not for the squeamish.
A slick, vapid thriller. Cronenberg has style and flair, but his all-too-obvious ideas about fame leave us with caricatures, not characters.
"Antiviral" is interesting for the first ten or fifteen minutes before it digresses into a slough. Boredom is the death of any movie, and this one will bore you to tears.
Brandon Cronenberg makes a striking debut for his first feature, following on the heels of his famous father while blazing his own career trail.
Syd's would-be rebellion from this sick world is rendered toothless, largely because Cronenberg spends most of his film discussing how cool and complex the rules are, and how to break them.
What Jones hasn't been given is a character to play. Syd is a cipher, neither sympathetic nor hateful, nor even interestingly human.
Eventually the clammy spell of this handsomely designed but solemnly paced movie begins to wear off, and you long for a little action or at least some fresh air.
Before long, the aggressive sleekness of Antiviral becomes its own kind of ennui.
It seems the poisoned apple doesn't fall far from the rotting tree.
The movie can be repulsive at times, but Cronenberg is more interested in ideas than in blood and guts.
Papa Cronenberg must be proud, but be advised: If there's a blood test in your future, book it before seeing this movie.
It's exactly the oddball and crooked tale you'd want and expect from a Cronenberg with all the gratuitous blood, pus, bone and multiple closeups of needles piercing skin you could ask for. Dad would be proud.
Cronenberg fils, though, while sharing dad's bodily fixations, exhibits other influences from his Kubriakian art direction (white minimalism) to Lynchian imagery (red drapes and blurred head shots)...star Landry Jones compels in a breakout role.
The younger Cronenberg has made a derivative exercise in body horror that plays as little more than low rent Cronenberg pastiche.
The whole movie feels like a case of the sweats, putting you in desperate need of the chicken soup of recognizable human behavior.
Cronenberg achieves a kind of heightened reality that does not resemble the real world but possesses its own internal logic.
Antiviral never builds the sort of character investment or narrative momentum that would allow its visceral horrors to seriously disturb, rather than seeming like choice gross-out moments lovingly designed for maximum viewer recoil.
Cronenberg's directing style is elegant, all shiny surfaces and sleek camera moves, until the horror begins; then the film turns as dark and as bloody as the physical decay of its star-obsessed characters.
A one-joke movie--a good joke, yes, but Brandon Cronenberg's agenda clouds the clarity that's needed to fully deliver the punchline.
Cronenberg's use of his Toronto setting is a clever exercise in making the minimal look futuristic, with its cold white surfaces - like Landry Jones' own waify presence - an effective canvas for a plot that grows increasingly bloody.
... a truly striking and unforgettable instant classic.
Like his father before him, Brandon makes a virtue of budgetary restraints: Antiviral's rough textures are, in themselves, somewhat alienating.
A very accomplished film, especially for a debut.
[A] twisted, creepy extrapolation of our obsession with celebrity... [O]ne of the more disturbing and more unsettling films I've seen in a quite a while... and also one of the cleverest examples of science fiction cinema in years...
An intriguing and fairly stylish mix of sci-fi, horror and detective movie tropes that suggest Cronenberg might soon step out from his father's shadow.
This dark fable is a subversive stomach-churner and not for the faint-hearted.
Clearly about the curse of celebrity culture but also hamfisted and confused. If you like nasties, this is very nasty indeed.
Intriguing but laboured, mannered and a little dull.
Growing gradually sicker and messier along with its conflicted protagonist, Antiviral is, in all its icily unpleasant ickiness, indeed perfect somehow.
It may be style over substance, but Brandon Cronenberg cleverly blends his father David's love of medical yuckiness with an elusive Lynchian-style mystery to keep us unnerved all the way through this low-key thriller.
For all its "yeugh" content, Antiviral is patchily enthralling.
Proof that there's room for more than one brainy provocateur in the Cronenberg gene-pool.
If David Cronenberg's entire body of work didn't exist, Antiviral would be a revelation. As it stands...
Queasiness abound but there are no real jolts; the words "foreskin", "anus" and "vulva" are unlikely to disturb anyone under the age of 97.
'Antiviral' never wholly succeeds as either a surgical satire or a medical conspiracy thriller, and its tedious last third is like a diseased body dragging itself slowly to the grave.
A smart, subversive but rather cold debut from Brandon Cronenberg that's short of the dark wit that lit up his father's early work.
Antiviral is an accomplished piece of work ...
The film sags a little in its final third, and all the white-on-white interiors get a bit wearing for the eyes; but this chip off the old block has a strong talent behind it and much to recommend it.
Jones is magnificent as a protagonist who's certainly not likable, yet is mysteriously, compulsively, watchable.
An extremely gruesome genre film hiding a trenchant and by no means subtle social satire, shot through with plenty of loopy black comedy.
Like his progenitor, Brandon likes a bad taste burlesque but so do you, so let's not rush to judgement.
This is delirious, visionary filmmaking of a high order; an insidious, sinewy thriller and the best film made by anyone named Cronenberg in quite a while.
A virtual panoply of high wooziness, replete with sweating, shakes, vomiting, rot-infected food and more needles piercing skin than rush hour at a free flu clinic.
A fascinating if uneven debut feature for the emerging Canadian director.
Obviously influenced by his dad David's early work but also showing a strong personal style, Brandon Cronenberg's feature debut is a body-horror satire with a point - a needle point.
Antiviral is an interesting idea for a social satire, but the plot, story, and acting are all weak, and the film owes way too much to David Cronenberg.
Great premise for a Twilight Zone episode, but where do you take it from there? Nowhere much, unfortunately.
Antiviral is the best sick body horror freak-out in a long while. Its bleeding edge social satire feels entirely too close for comfort, but we'll take uncomfortable; uncomfortable is a good thing.
Although the climax feels like one last stab by Brandon to echo his father's legacy, the rest of the film suggests the promise of his own distinct, distressing career to come.
Between father and son, Antiviral is certainly the most interesting film of the Cronenberg lineage since A History of Violence and easily the most Cronenberg-y film since eXistenZ.
It's the Johnny Mnemonic of STDs!
It's pretty silly.
The expectations may have been unfairly high, yet [Cronenberg] surpasses them by delivering a deep, engaging, and beautifully shot art house horror film.
feels like an unearthed cult film from 1983, ready made for whacked-out midnight fans.
To his credit, while Cronenberg loads the film with a lot of ideas about physical, psychological and cultural illness, it all holds together well and doesn't feel over as stuffed as many debut features do.
Brandon's cunning plan to step out of his father's shadow is basically to plagiarise every movie he's ever made.
Brandon Cronenberg's movie is made with some technical skill and focus, but it is agonisingly self-regarding and tiresome.
As the old saying goes, the diseased and throbbing apple does not fall far from the penis-shaped flesh tree.
Brandon Cronenberg's feature debut is a cybermedical sci-fi vampire thriller that battles constantly, and with only limited success, against its own ludicrous script.
If imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, David Cronenberg should be feeling pretty chuffed with son Brandon's big-screen debut, a petri dish of high-concept perversity and cultural commentary teeming with lo-fi ickiness.
It's fair to say that Antiviral is intriguing; it's just not thrilling. Cronenberg definitely has promise as a visually minded filmmaker and a teller of gross stories, however, and this is a respectable opening bid.
As far as entertainment value is concerned, the David Cronenberg "virus" thrives. Despite a few too many last-act rug-pulls, so does the movie.
For Cronenberg fans, the prodigal son's debut will be a revivalist bodyshock gem, and for everyone else, it'll seem more than a little weird.

@highlight

Antiviral is well-crafted body horror, packed with interesting -- if not entirely subtle -- ideas.