Clive Owen is a very dour plonker of an Arthur and has zero chemistry with Keira Knightley.
The track record for film adaptations of the Arthur mythos is pretty shaky, but [this is still] the worst of them all.
Entertaining, but ultimately forgettable.
The interminable battle scenes are limply choreographed and unexciting. This is one king that's best left alone.
Fuqua creates a very grim and stylish mood that fits what the concept is attempting to accomplish very well.
Guinevere, no dainty princess she, is a kind of hardened medieval feminist, and the aggressor to Arthur's bashful but equally driven warrior, in both bed and on the battlefield.
In many ways this movie tells us far more about the values and age in which we are living, than the one it pretends to be returning us to.
A brash departure from the legend that retains the round table, but that's about it. Still, the contemporary echoes make the Dark Ages relevant again and the movie, while longwinded in parts, overcomes its shortcomings.
It nods in the direction of tons of potentially interesting developments of plot, theme and character, but doesn't bother to follow through on any of them enough to pay off.
...remains an instantly forgettable, wannabe epic.
Maybe I'm too close to the material, maybe I wanted more from Bruckheimer and Fuqua than they could ever be expected to deliver.
Underrated, revisionist version of the Camelot legend; one of the year's 10 best
In seeking to demythify the Arthur legends, the filmmakers wind up creating a new mythology, one that is probably just as fanciful as those it attempts to replace.
A Guinevere, and an Arthur myth, for our times, if not for the ages.
Existential action yarn with solid performances and interesting characters.
The longest two hours, 10 minutes I have spent in a theater for some time.
Faz uma indigesta salada de frutas com todas as lendas referentes ao personagem-título.
Misguided, miscast, and completely misconceived, the wretched King Arthur is one of the grittier, more earnest failures to appear this summer.
Where "King Arthur" falls flat is in its laborious battle sequences.
Bruckheimer's King Arthur is little more than spectacle, and not very interesting spectacle at that.
History buffs will love this film for the fact that it's giving the controversial new take on the King Arthur legend. But your average moviegoer might find this a bit dull.
Película de buena manufactura gracias a su producción, al rostro de Keira Knightley y al carisma de los actores, no obstante, no tiene nada que ver con la leyenda original.
There's enough action in King Arthur to take the thrill-addicted moviegoers of summer to a new high.
...the cast is mired down iin too much dialogue...
makes a more valiant attempt than most, delivering a worthwhile action-drama that is just grounded enough in real history to be intriguing.
... There is a lot to like about this latest adaptation of the classic tale.
Clive Owen is commanding as Arthur
Attaches itself to the Arthurian legend like some parasitic worm
King Arthur may be a more truthful retelling of the legend, but it's certainly a lot less fun.
A brave and admirable little endeavor here that creates a whole lot of grand chaos in just a little over two hours.
Franzoni's script mixes myth, fact and Hollywood hackwork. Whatever the character's "true identity," Owen's Arthur is one dull blade.
Offers top-flight entertainment for about half its length before slipping into complete formula.
Ambiguity, subtlety, and mixed-up heroes are not usually the makings of summer blockbusters, but it's still a fascinating, stirring, great-looking film.
A dim, cruddy collage of Dark Ages, sub-Conan the Barbarian mush. Talk about trashing an awesome bedtime story -- there aren't even any 'Knights who say nee!'
Seeking realism, director Antoine Fuqua conforms the Arthur legend. He makes it boring.
Whoever designed Knightly's "armor" has to be given a pat on the back by all of us who find her an object of sauciness and desire.
This Arthurian tale is more interested in the historical setting than the personalities within it.
The lamest blockbuster in some time.
A title card says this King Arthur, grimly directed by Antoine Fuqua, is based on the latest research into the mythic past. Maybe so. But one can't help thinking the research that really counted was that into the more recent box-office charts.
Gladiator lite.
Turns the Arthurian folks into one-liner spouting generic-buddy-picture characters with dubious hygiene, whose fates aren't likely to matter a damn bit to you.
After a while, [the film] leaves nothing to register but entwined limbs and falling ash.
It might not sit well with purists, but I for one was glad to see a new spin put on the story.
... a failure on so many levels that it's impossible not to feel a grudging affection for it.
I definitely liked more things than not.
Lowered expectations and spirited performances help make the latest quasi-visit to Camelot (this time minus the Camelot & the magic) a rousing bit of medieval hokum
My hat is off to producer Jerry Bruckheimer and director Antonio Fuqua for an exciting tale about the Knights of the Roundtable and one man's destiny to become king.
Don't be ashamed if you prefer 'Camelot.'
I loved the notion of the Dark Ages as the Wild West with swords. Thumbs up.
It starts out Robin Hood and ends up Braveheart, but mostly it just makes you just want to watch Gladiator again.
A snooze, overcast and drizzly both on location and on the pages of the script.
The fresh historical setup is intriguing early on and a pivotal battle on a cracking frozen river generates some memorable suspense, but the film loses most of its momentum in its emotionally flat second half.
If this is history demystified, give me myth.
It's hard to care about a valiant groping for accuracy when a story is so badly told you can't tell what the devil is going on.
Unless you're hooked on battle scenes, this film just isn't all that interesting.
It's never a good idea to do a TRUE VERSION unless it really IS a true version. In other words, this wasn't a good idea.
By going back to its origins and dusting itself off, the King Arthur story has proved itself to have a very contemporary resonance.
Essentially this is Braveheart meets The Fall of the Roman Empire in the hairy armpit of Gladiator.
With a seasoned, solid cast, and a pseudo-historical take on the myth, King Arthur is a pleasant surprise.
Unfortunately, the legend was a whole lot more fun and interesting than what we get here; "King Arthur" plays more like a stupid Hollywood action movie than a true story.
...Knightly is done a major disservice by the costumer. Some may think her fighting garb is sexy, others will agree with me that it makes her look like a 12 year old boy.
Having omitted virtually everything of interest from Arthurian legend and fact, Fuqua and Franzoni substitute a plot apparently borrowed from Fuqua's Tears of the Sun.
Swords, sorcerers, archery and mysticism rule in this big, silly popcorn adventure.
Camelot gets changed a lot in this down-and-dirty, unmagical take on the Arthurian legends.
Tops among the numerous absurdities in King Arthur is Keira Knightley's appearance in what might best be described as elfin gear.
If the film's only great scene is a direct lift from Eisenstein's Alexander Nevsky, the remainder is a dour Braveheart rehash.
Profoundly stupid and inept, but it's an endless source of giggles.
Only during a face-off between the knights and Saxons on a frozen lake does the film approach anything resembling excitement.
If King Arthur is as magnificently ridiculous as any Bruckheimer picture, its thuggish charms, which owe as much to Monty Python as to Sam Peckinpah, more than pick up the slack.
Though King Arthur is set in ancient times, there's not much difference between this movie and Fuqua's recent film Tears of the Sun.
Gives us a Round Table and a flashing Excalibur but no magic, no mystery, no mythic resonance.
Who cares about the toying of a sacred legend? This film works on it's own merits.
The potential of a political bent to this tale is realized nicely, and the film metes out proportions of angst against action with greater care than Spider-Man 2.
...has complications everywhere but where it counts: in the depiction of its title character.
It's rare that a movie can show you something familiar as if with new eyes...
Mostly indigestible, almost indescribable pot of Arthurian stew.
...a passable excursion through the Dark Ages.
Great fun to watch even though it's completely preposterous.
The movie's midsection feels strangely truncated, making room for a drawn-out final act that blithely disregards one of Peter Jackson's tenets: Battlefield sequences get pretty boring if you don't keep cutting away to smaller, character-driven passages.
Guinevere spends so much time as a lass who kicks *** that I'm not sure where she finds the energy to work her girlie charm on Arthur.
The only way to derive any enjoyment from King Arthur is to bear in mind it's more of a Jerry Bruckheimerian tale than an Arthurian one.
Beyond the incomprehensible battles, one might find a thoughtful deglamorization of the legend; a gritty, tough movie that shows a surprising willingness to traffic in ideas.
Makes an argument against religious absolutism, against the prideful righteousness that was part of Christianity at the time...and, implicitly, of modern-day Christianity.
A line from The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance, goes, "When the legend becomes fact, print the legend." And while King Arthur may be closer to fact, I prefer the legend.
populated by characters who are frequently spattered with mud or caked in grime... Rarely have the Dark Ages seemed quite so dark.
An ordinary B-film action story.
King Artless.
It's a solid, somber, rousing piece of studio zirconium: cobbled together from Gladiator, Braveheart, Lord of the Rings, The Magnificent Seven, and five tons of Hollywood hooey.
A grunting re-make of Tears of the Sun, the last movie from the same director, with villains wearing Conan the Barbarian-style furs instead of jungle fatigues.
That the movie works is because of the considerable production qualities and the charisma of the actors, who bring more interest to the characters than they deserve.
Aspires to go beyond the published literature on the subject, but it's still by the book.
A fine pretender to the historical action crown Ridley Scott's Gladiator reforged.
For all this silly spin, King Arthur is a better movie than you might have expected.
Most folks, when asked about the legend of King Arthur, don't immediately conjure up an image of Keira Knightley in a leather bikini.
As dreary as the British Isles' weather, and the toned-down fight scenes (for that PG-13 rating) make it hardly better than a made-for-cable historical movie.
This middling King Arthur doesn't waste time developing character -- or coherence -- when a big, joyless, synthetic battle will do.
May the gods protect us from modernists messing with our myths.
If it's spectacle you're after, it's spectacle you'll get.
An action flick for the video-arcade generation that cares little about character development or relationships.
Dreary going, occasionally impressive on a technical level but uninspired as narrative or historic inquiry.
Forget all that accuracy business and just enjoy the movie for what it is: a large-scale, passably engrossing tale of valiant knights doing valiant deeds.
This version has action, yes, but the love triangle among Arthur, Guinevere and Lancelot is diluted, and there's nothing exuberant about a dutiful slog through the muck.
King Arthur may be far closer to the facts than anything in Le Morte D'Arthur -- and far grittier than Hollywood's old Knights of the Round Table or The Sword in the Stone. But there's nothing true in it at all.
Such a bastardization of the tale that it works as neither history nor legend. And with the romance gone, only the blood and guts remain.
The frequently silly Arthur [has] a certain watchability for those of us who enjoy seeing barbarians dispatched in interesting ways.
This Arthur is long and somber, broken up by crowded, clanging battle scenes that lack the visceral thrills of, say, Braveheart.
A straightforward action film that's slightly more literate than the usual Jerry Bruckheimer production, but ultimately just as bereft of real emotion and bona-fide tension as the uber-producer's other films.
Though yet not quite a household name, Owen is a potent, kingly Arthur. Among supporting actors, Stellan Skarsgard and Ray Winstone are most memorable, as the evil leader of the Saxons and Arthur's most exuberant warrior, respectively.
We've reached a sad point when everything in movies has to be masculine -- when it's considered weak (and uncommercial) to be soft and feminine.
Combines the plodding sincerity of a Ph.D. dissertation with the brains of a high-concept Jerry Bruckheimer- produced blockbuster (which it is), and no one benefits.
It comes off as an uninspired remake of The Magnificent Seven in medieval dress.
There's serious intent here, but an often thudding execution.
It's both drabber and less illuminating than the tales that have come before.
Two hours of relentless battle, badly stitched together with a hard-to-follow story fashioned to give maximum opportunity for big, brawny guys to bash each other.
It's hard to see the point in cobbling together scraps of legend and even smaller scraps of historical fact into a story this generic.
Never seems to quite know what's on its mind, though individual scenes (a cool battle on the ice) have their moments.
This aint 'Camelot' and there'll be no choreographed duets upon a starry sky. It's a Bruckheimer film...Read on->
Clive Owen fails to engender much sympathy from the audience when attempting to rouse his troops for the umpteenth time against seemingly insurmountable odds.
Bruckheimer's influence looms over the opening scenes ... and returns to muck up the film's bloody conclusion.
Takes one of the great stories of all time...and reduces it to an ugly, unwatchable mess that is completely devoid of what has fascinated people for centuries
Over the top and completely humorless, but also fiercely effective.
The battle scenes are exercises in nondescript mayhem, and suspiciously bloodless (to qualify, barely, for a PG-13 rating).
Boasts all the hallmarks of the '50s historic epic save the presence of Tony Curtis.
Overall, Arthur fails to stir the spirit; its constant talk of freedom seems hollow.
In the name of authenticity, screenwriter David Franzoni has recast the Arthurian legend as a 20th century action film.
Putting a new spin on a legend is an interesting idea, but it has to remain a story worthy of the legend and this movie doesn't quite live up to that standard.
Gimme an angry, bitter Mordred. Gimme seething, forbidden love and a noble leader tortured by treachery all around him. Gimme anything but this wannabe Braveheart.
Anyone who counts on Hollywood to excavate history accurately deserves a movie in which Guinevere is a ferocious female warrior who wears only a leather harness as a top.
King Arthur offers a revisionist portrait of the legendary leader and warrior that expends almost all its energy on one bloody battle sequence after another.
Fuqua's reinvention of Arthur is more a swashbuckling action adventure than an answer to the question: from whence did the legend of Arthur come?
"King Arthur" is worth watching at least once, but only when it comes to cable. This film is a dreary dull mess.
If you're going to intentionally suck all the good parts out of a great tale, you'd best replace them with something besides dry political intrigue and predictable gimmickry.
Leather and swords and British accents and gorgeous guys wielding them all can make a gal overlook a lot of badness in a flick. But not quite this much.
Based on real data or no, I rather like this grittier, wilder version of Arthur's legend. Bone up on your ancient English history a little before you go, and enjoy the ride.
'The untold true story that inspired the legend' shouldn't be [just a] generic ancient combat epic.
King Arthur is a good enterprise, and it makes a good run at it, but by the last act, it's just the same old Saxon violence.
Those steeped in Thomas Malory's "La Morte d'Arthur" or T.H. White's "The Once & Future King" will leave with the resounding thud of "what the HELL?"
Boasts as its main selling points a beautiful young starlet with about twenty minutes of screentime and the steadfast promise of an absence of myth and magic.
Ran two hours, felt like three, could have easily been one, and features no less of a videogame-type plot than mothersucking Van Helsing.
a watered-down hybrid
The film may be set in the Dark Ages, but the cliches are vintage sixties Hollywood.
King Arthur is another big, expensive opportunity inexplicably wasted by an army of extremely talented movie people.
Just as we're ready to write this film off as Bad Boys in tights -- or a dull, Earthbound cousin to Lord of the Rings -- director Fuqua and his team of production experts wow us with an eye-popping tableau or panorama.
The worst Jerry Bruckheimer film since Dangerous Minds.
As a primer in the thuggish territorial land grabs of the Dark Ages, it gets the adrenalin flowing and makes us want to learn more. But the sheer density of the historical material is often at odds with the cut-and-dried requirements of the action genre.
It's likely to remind viewers of Braveheart -- except without the emotion.
King Arthur is as brutally blunt as Fuqua's film Training Day, but it is grander in scope and scale while remaining compelling and comprehensible.
While King Arthur isn't a waste of time, per se, the story hasn't exactly been reinvented in a way that makes its two hours compelling viewing.
One of the reasons this film works is that we don't feel as if we're watching these people through the scrim of history and legend -- they feel immediate, even contemporary.
There are things to respect about King Arthur. Just not a great deal to like.
Devotees of chivalry and Camelot should look elsewhere.
King Arthur won't charm you, hardly ever will thrill you, and certainly will have you laughing less with it than at it.
Antoine Fuqua's version of the King Arthur legend includes an element of broad, brawny camp that prevents the movie from being a complete drag.
It turns out to be as much of a swoony valentine to a social ideal that never existed as any other Arthurian text. But at least it takes the conversation with history somewhat seriously.
Impressively made and well acted.
Owen is able as Arthur but it is Knightley's Guinevere who steals the show.
One sexy woman showing off her stomach does not a movie make, although, it doesn't hurt.
The term 'unintentional comedy' was coined for a movie such as this.
A smart action movie.
This feels more like your average TBS movie of the week and much less like a major motion picture.
It's very obvious when there's a lack of blood in fight scenes it is a choice made by the filmmakers/studio in order to get a gentler rating from the MPAA.
Braveheart meets the Round Table in this epicly atrocious version of the King Arthur legend. My advice is to follow the cast's lead and run screaming.
'The untold true story that inspired the legend' -- you know, the version in which Arthur is a brooding bore and Guinevere is a half-naked post-feminist warrior hottie.
Looking like a medieval Grizzly Adams channeling The Terminator, Stellan Skarsgard as Cedric is worth the price of admission alone.
An orgy of anachronism in a sea of bad action-movie cliches...a dank, dreary pseudo-adventure flick without much energy and with precious little grandeur.
more epic than big goof, but it runs out of horses right when it needs its biggest boost
By removing the romance and the magic from the story, the soul has been sucked out of it.
Nice final battle scene but characters like Lancelot, Galahad, Tristan and other fighters are cipher, making Stellan Skarsgard's villainy the reason to see this.
It's like MONTY PYTHON AND THE HOLY GRAIL, but not as entertaining, and forget funny, at least, not on purpose
Strong dialogue, acting, and some sweet contemplative direction by Antoine Fuqua (of "Training Day"). Not without fault, but Arthur's internal struggle carries.
With every step King Arthur takes, it only unravels further.
Antoine Fuqua's unremarkably competent direction never elevates the material above second-rate Braveheart schlock.

















@highlight

The magic is gone, leaving a dreary, generic action movie.