The Three Musketeers, saddled with a distressingly slight narrative, progresses into a momentum-free midsection generally devoid of compelling interludes or interesting character-based moments.
Paul W. S. Anderson's take on the Dumas classic is almost like the cinematic equivalent of CliffsNotes.
A befouling of Dumas.
The film may have its fun moments but this adaptation does nothing more than make these Three Musketeers look like a bunch of Stooges.
While you're busy looking at the special effects, you'll begin to notice that there's not really anything in the way of substance like a well-thought-out plot and characters that you care about.
It's fun for a Saturday afternoon viewing, but it will ultimately go down in the annals of movie history as yet another forgettable adaptation.
Never has failure looked this good!
If you want over-the-top entertainment that doesn't respect the laws of physics, you can't do much better than this.
You might mistake the sound of swashbuckling for what it really is: Alexandre Dumas spinning in his grave. Much closer to 'Pirates of the Caribbean' lite than it is to 'The Three Musketeers,' this makes a mess of the classic Dumas tale.
Ugh. Nothing makes sense, it's not funny and the 3D is worthless.
Anderson has crafted a beautiful and rambunctious film that is in many ways a lot more fun than the last few Disney "Pirates of the Caribbean" films.
The actors should have remained dry-docked instead of shipping out on this big, bloated Three Muske-mess.
A frequent choice for transposing fiction into film, The Three Musketeers returns as an action-filled, slight diversion.
So dumb and goofy and ridiculous that it's actually kind of hard not to like on those terms.
So hammy and campy that Alexander Dumas would scarcely recognize this latest incarnation of his swashbuckling tale.
Have we retained nothing of the lessons of Hudson Hawk? Like that early Nineties comical disaster, The Three Musketeers hinges on the secret machinations of Leonardo da Vinci.
Gaudy and vulgar ...
Alexandre Dumas isn't merely turning in his grave, he's half way through re-enacting 'Thriller'.
Logan Lerman's adolescent D'Artagnan has a haircut that makes him look like Ally Sheedy, Christoph Waltz imitates a lisping John Malkovich as Cardinal Richelieu, and Milla Jovovitch turns Milady de Winter into an insipid ninja.
Swashbuckler for tweens has tons of action but no heart.
The same old story but with some new twists, a substantial cast, and some energetic special effects.
The movie suffers from the malady that all remakes have - if you change it too much it becomes unrecognizable and you upset people like me who want the same thing only modernized, if you keep it the same it becomes unoriginal and a pointless exercise.
Doomed to be referenced as an example of everything wrong with 21st cinema, "The Three Musketeers" is like a banana split prepared with in a blender. It looks like vomit, and leaves a knot in your stomach.
By the time we see sword fights onboard airships, the movie finally realizes what it needs to be -- goofy, silly fun. Too bad that comes after 90 minutes of failed opportunities.
Even the most liberal viewer is likely to echo Milady's thoughts of D'Artagnan: "You are very amiable, no doubt, but you would be charming if you would only depart."
Doesn't bode well for poor Alexandre Dumas who continues rolling in his grave.
Call it the Robert Downey Jr. Meets Sherlock Holmes Effect. A classic popular adventure gets overblown, juiced-up, and generally CGI-ified.
Break out those No. 2 pencils, cuz it's time for a pop quiz. Which line of dialogue is NOT spoken in the latest screen adaptation of The Three Musketeers?
Director Paul W.S. Anderson has injected a great sense of fun in this visually sumptuous adventure
They don't make period romps like they used to, but The Three Musketeers comes close; all it needs is a bit more sex
Anderson... permeates this updating of the classic Dumas novel with an infectious sense of joy. Unfortunately, it's still dumber than a bag of hammers.
Stiff, baby-faced Lerman could be the Mouseketeer in the Iron Mask ... In spots this blend of Dumas and "League of Extraordinary Gentlemen" sparks to life as the perfect Saturday matinee for 12-year-olds.
I would never call this version a classic, but I was fairly entertained by it. Should a sequel be made, as the ending so clearly anticipates, I would happily go to see it.
It's an odd film in a beguiling, sometimes bewildering assortment of modes.
A splashy but silly and bombastic (as well as curiously dull) farrago more reminiscent of 'Pirates of the Caribbean' than Dumas.
I wanted big and ludicrous and silly, with swords and airships. That's pretty much what I got.
Most of the time, The Three Musketeers is merely what kids tasked to read the book by their most-hated teacher would assume it would be - boring. I never thought I'd say it but I wish Anderson had just made another Resident Evil movie.
It's all for nothing, nothing much for all.
This version of the Musketeers story can't decide if it wants to be an old-fashioned tale of swashbuckling adventure and palace intrigue or a cheeky, effects-heavy rethink of some iconic characters a la the Guy Ritchie-directed Sherlock Holmes.
In the worst possible case, this could go on and on, but please, let's hope it doesn't.
Director Paul W.S. Anderson orchestrates his Musketeers with the rhyme and reason of a confetti popper.
No doubt about it...it's trash! But I'd be lying if I didn't admit I had fun with this one. (Movie Review for Parents also available)
It's as though the screenplay was brainstormed by Alexandre Dumas and Jules Verne...pure multiplex mulch, as disposable as it is entertaining.
Completely impossible to understand, a dumb movie that makes you feel dumb.
An editorial mess, an atonal wreck, and a huge waste of cash from inception to release.
Unfortunately, it's Logan Lerman's D'Artagnan and Milla Jovovich's Milady de Winter who get the largest portions of screen time, and both are like nails on a chalkboard.
A moment's patience is soon rewarded by Anderson's vast store of rich, intoxicating imagery.
What, you expected something different from the man behind the Resident Evil series?
Every time you think it can't get any stupider, it gets right up in your face, calls you "bro," and gets stupider.
Jovovich tries hard to be terribly, terribly wicked, but her performance finds a hitherto unknown middle ground between Divine in Pink Flamingos and Halle Berry in Catwoman that's just embarrassing.
A stupid movie (in 3-D!) that owns its baser instincts, doesn't try to be anything else and reminds us that there are still some modest pleasures to be had from it.
All the borderline pantomime acting and wigged buffoonery is deliberate and silly, but The Three Musketeers remains charmless, a romp brought down by its lead-footed script.
Musketeers isn't the worst picture Anderson has made in the last decade, but it's depressingly representative of his work -- he's always eager to dazzle, but clueless on how to engage.
a decent re-imagining
Special effects and 3-D fail to add anything new to this radical, and unsuccessful shake-up of the classic story.
Check your sense of reality at the door and enjoy the lavish costumes, nonstop action and well-rendered sets.
Think the attitude of Pirates of the Caribbean franchise combined with the energy of Anderson's Resident Evil series -- with careless comedy and pantomime pageantry thrown in.
This is a wretched and dull film, with substandard special effects.
Though all the right names, places and times are present and correct according to the ancient blueprint dictated by author Alexandre Dumas, the simple swashbuckling vibe of the original tale is rarely captured.
This one is overblown, over-dressed, and grandiosely dopey, packed with gargantuan sets and ludicrous action scenes and shot in unusually dark and dingy 3-D.
Seriously: What the hell?
The very existence of this film illustrates barrel-scraping desperation of the Hollywood kind.
For the latest update of Alexandre Dumas's novel, Paul W.S. Anderson has added flying battleships and elaborate diamond heists.
Should be called "THE THREE MUSKETEERS FOR MORONS"
Fans of Pirates and Gulliver's Travels may be tempted by this giddy adaptation, but those who hold the tales of the Musketeers dearly to heart may feel a little wanting.
Only Christoph Waltz's Cardinal Richelieu has any style.
It wouldn't be the end of the world if these sword-fighting ciphers returned. It would just feel like it.
Paul WS Anderson turns his attention to the swashbuckling costume adventure genre to see if his trademark brand of visually flashy, empty-headed filmmaking will still pull in the punters when stripped of CGI monsters.
Clearly this is trying to grab a slice of the Pirates Of The Caribbean pie and, while not as polished as Stranger Tides, this is more fun.
It's 100 years since cinema began the first of scores of adaptations of Alexandre Dumas' 1844 story. But none can have been as barking mad as this one.
A jolly romp, plying comedy, action and romance with a healthy dose of skullduggery and heaving bosoms.
A pretty straightforward attempt to pick up any slack left by the tiring Pirates of the Caribbean franchise. That's to say, it's preposterous panto for the kiddies.
A dead cert for a slot in the Top Ten Worst of 2011.
Anderson's previous offences against cinema include films such as Mortal Kombat, Resident Evil and Death Race. In view of the classic source material that this vandalises, The Three Musketeers is his most regrettable atrocity yet.
Nothing looks as messy as an unbuckled swash, and sadly that's what we get here.
It's the Heath Robinson approach: shove enough stuff in there and enough people will find something attractive.
It's a lot more fun than the most recent hatchet-faced entry in the Pirates of the Caribbean franchise, but it's also exasperatingly slapdash.
[L]eaden where it should be light... It is graceless and charmless. It reels from the painful banter. It is the epitome of empty soulless corporate filmmaking.
To be consistent with his previous efforts, Anderson deploys a relentless stream of fight sequences that revert to nauseating and outmoded slow-mo during moments of supposedly heightened tension.
Clipping along with a snappy script that isn't afraid to be silly, this rip-snorting swathe of derring-do is thoroughly enjoyable.
Too many characters, too many plotlines, too little wit. Anderson throws everything at the wall, but ultimately none of it sticks.
Young buck Lerman never convinces; you feel that a sharp clip round the ear would put him in his place. And his romance with lady-in-waiting Gabriella Wild has all the fizz of damp gunpowder.
Pointless and frequently stupid remake of Dumas' classic adventure story that's just no fun at all...
One for all and all for nowt.
What it lacks in abundance, alas, is élan, panache or joie de vivre.
Stupid, with three o's. But also fun, never boring, and never insulting (to anyone other than Dumas) - unlike certain of the summer's A-pics...
Anderson's take on Alexandre Dumas' swashbuckling characters winds up being as much fun as putting your privates in a guillotine.
It has more to do with trying to remake Pirates Of The Caribbean in France than with filming Dumas' novel.
3D swashbuckler wields a disappointingly blunt sword.
A very 2011 take on Alexandre Dumas' classic that feels weirdly dated already.
Lively and bawdy retelling of the classic.


@highlight

It plays admirably fast and loose with Alexandre Dumas' classic tale, but in every other respect, The Three Musketeers offers nothing to recommend -- or to set it apart from the many other film adaptations.