The Joneses invites audiences to reflect on what transcendent happiness really means and how things will not fill the yearning in our hearts.
As interesting as the message is with this film, it is equally as hypocritical of the movie industry to shake its finger at fads, trendsetters and materialistic nonsense.
Even with decent turns from the leads, and a usefully soulful one from Gary Cole as a neighbor inclined to do the proverbial keeping up, the film can't always manage to justify itself as an actual movie instead of merely a clever concept.
A darkly comical satire about affluence might seem a bit ill-timed during a global recession. But a strong cast makes this film very watchable, even as it slips into melodrama.
The Joneses starts with a great pitch but ultimately fails to close the deal.
Dawn of the Dead made a savvier commentary on consumerism and materialism.
Borte, directing his first film, does a smooth, confident job, so that even though the set-up isn't quite plausible you're happy to go along with it.
Think of it as an inverted Truman Show, with David Duchovny and Demi Moore as yuppified secret salesmen hawking an idealized suburban lifestyle while incognito.
Way to kill that dark comedy you were going for.
full review at Movies for the Masses
A missed opportunity from 2010 that could have been so timely and brilliant that it's almost painful to watch.
Taken at surface level, The Joneses does succeed in presenting its attack on consumerism; and for that alone it sparks up talking points and will leave you to think about exactly why you bought the model of car or mobile phone you did.
Plays it far too safe and ends up not saying anything at all.
Exceptionally thoughtful, not only in terms of consumerism, but when considering the value of compassion as well. Worth your hard earned money, no strings attached.
We know by now that blatant, senseless consumption is bad, harmful even. But the biggest surprise about The Joneses is its skillful avoidance of any meaning or significance whatsoever.
It's not sharp enough to be a satire and not engaging enough to be a character study.
A fine, sneaky satire ... undercut by an awful ending, one that smells as if someone (a corporation perhaps?) got their hands on it.
The film's fatal flaw is Borte's refusal to give his satire the darker, uncomfortable edge it needs to give his lesson some impact.
This cautionary tale depicts consumers who believe they deserve stuff, whether or not they can pay for it. Rarely is this kind of truth seen onscreen in such a subtle and entertaining film.
The Joneses is somewhat entertaining ... because of its deliciously clichéd suburban location ... good acting and creative premise.
Every now and then a small, intelligent, quietly thought-provoking film slips through the Hollywood studios' net and prompts the thought, How did this ever get made?
It's a fine idea that could have made for a devastating critique of consumerism had Borte chosen to follow it through to a cynical, nihilistic conclusion.
An intriguing and timely satire about the increasingly insidious ways consumer culture tries to keep us spending even when we can't afford it.
A breezy satire on consumerism that takes a smart idea and develops it into an entertaining morality tale.
A critique on consumerism comes off like a vehicle for product placement
It's a brilliant premise but wretchedly executed, as product placement becomes more important than the sly inherent satire of consumer conformity.
You could probably find similar suburban developments, and similar people living in them, in most if not all U.S. states and that jibes perfectly with the spirit of this film.
Here is a smart, entertaining satire on greed and materialism among America's leisured classes.
Any anti-materialistic movie from Hollywood - spiritual home of furtive product placement and dodgy role-models - deserves commendation for at least pretending to have its heart in the right place.
It's not a bad idea, but just as you think you're watching a biting consumer satire, the plot instead descends into melodrama and soap operatics.
The Joneses never makes it into full on satire but is smart and clear enough in its setup not to have to spell out a message in some soapy conclusion.
Moore looks fabulous in a role that plays to her strengths as a feisty, independent woman, and she generates on-screen heat with Duchovny to make the conventional happy ending easier to swallow.
Interesting if not entirely successful.
Director Borte doesn't press the dumb-laugh button hard enough.
Borte's conceit is a fun one to be in on, but basically too synthetic to have the satirical bite it wants -- it's more a playful fantasy of consumerist whim than an edgy exposé.
A meta-satire that doesn't quite come off.
Ordinarily, I wouldn't have crossed the road to see Moore and Duchovny together, but their relationship works both before and after the film's outragous left-field twist.
Making good use of its excellent premise, this flawed gem deserves to find an audience.
The film doesn't just have its cake and eat it. It makes you want to upgrade that cake to a chic Ladurée macaroon.
A seamless debut feature for Derrick Borte as writer, director and producer.
Moore and Duchovny's on-screen connection is sizzling and both stars excel in unravelling their hard-bitten characters' fragility.
A good idea and good acting are ruined by a craven Hollywood Ending.
Hugely enjoyable and cleverly written, this is an impressively directed, thought-provoking comedy-drama with a pair of pitch-perfect performances from David Duchovny and Demi Moore.
There's a nicely cynical streak at the heart of The Joneses, until Borte goes soft and lets the audience off the hook.
Mr. Borte conjures up a pleasant Stepford that runs less on robotic conformity than on endless, anxious competition. The key to the film is that it allows this life to have some real appeal.
One of the best and simplest ideas for a film in a long time. It's too bad the ending doesn't compare with the rest of the film, but still a good time.
as slick as the sales philosophy of its characters tempered with a palpable anger at what Madison Avenue hath wrought
A fantastic concept that frays under the rigors of narrative convention.
Writer-director Derrick Borte makes an impressive film debut that takes advantage of a familiarity with marketing consumer goods and seductive advertising.
A satire that pokes fun of the ruses that corporations are willing to undertake in order to get more people purchasing their products.
Even with its small defects, though, The Joneses feels fresh and original, smart and tart.
Evil, even evil that doesn't even realize how evil it is, has rarely looked so everyday.
It's out there but plausible, a logical extension of the steadfast drive toward invasive marketing that's a hallmark of an age in which everything and everyone has a price.
The execution just didn't live up to the clever premise. If we aren't going to get into the heads of these characters as they witness the havoc they wreak, then director should have kept up the satirical tone of the
Teen sex, drugs, drinking pop up in satire on materialism.
As it stands, it's a mildly diverting dramedy of missed opportunities.
A cheeky little commentary on modern consumption, The Joneses offers an uneasy balance between what's funny and what's not, staying just edgy enough to be uncomfortable while hitting its targets.
[Demi Moore is] She's one reason to see writer-director's Derrick Borte's zeitgeist fable The Joneses. Though she's not the only one.
It lures you in with a promise of being a smart, zeitgeist-y satire, but before it can deliver on that promise, it morphs into something more resembling a soap opera.
...that most maddening of motion picture paradigms - a great concept badly bungled.
It makes for good, although not great, satire of the consumer culture that helped wreck the economy.
Ultimately suffers from a loss of nerve and an inconsistency of tone...
Grammarians, if few others, will be satisfied.
The story seems to offer more than it ever really delivers, and in the end we're not quite sold.
By the end of the film, the sly cleverness of the opening scenes is a distant memory, supplanted by a heaping dose of heavyhanded melodrama.
Writer/director Borte plumbs the primordial ooze of our collective unconscious, that emotional sinkhole where all our stuff gets stuffed -- giving us a look at the empty, albeit high-priced, suit.
Every once in a while a film will come around that no one has heard of and as a critic I want to scream at the top of my lungs to the entire world for everyone to go see it.
By the end, The Joneses feels a little too satisfied with its own admittedly clever conceit and for the broad leeway it allows itself in the creative bandying of logos and slogans.
The Joneses is a black comedy about stealth marketing made by a filmmaker who's evidently much too close to the subject to bite the hand that feeds him.
The all-important production design perfectly captures a generation of unthinking consumers. And Moore and Duchovny, who have great chemistry, are strong enough to make the most of a script that really needed another rewrite.
Director Derrick Borte's grasp of the material is shaky, which is revealed in major gaps in logic (how is it possible to keep track of the "sales" the Joneses are credited for?) and, worse, tone.
You walk out of it thinking, that's totally plausible and, while sick, a great idea.
A film with an ingenious gimmick, the tone of a cynic, and, somehow, through it all, a conscience.
Parental Content Review
A sharp, witty, and revealing take that shows us, among other things, that we never really leave middle school when it comes to wanting to be just like the cool kids.
A slick, savvy satire with sparks of refreshing originality. In a bleak cinematic landscape of dime-store romantic comedies, remakes and 3-D overexposure, that this film's premise hasn't been done a hundred times before is cause for celebration.
...a killer concept, a good cast and luxe locations, all crisply photographed by Yaron Orbach, but "The Jones" doesn't deliver the punch it should because it's all hung on a pedestrian framework.
In an entertaining way, the movie says something challenging, that it's possible to lose your life to stuff -- and never even know it.
Crass materialism and ridiculous marketing ploys are skewered by writer/director Derrick Borte in this uneven cautionary tale that starts off incisively funny, then devolves into preachiness.
Almost everything about The Joneses, from the transparent plot twists to the winking irony of the golf-course patter, falls flat.
In its amiable, ambling way, The Joneses is a zeitgeist film: it says as much as a Michael Moore screed about the American way of debt.
Borte loses his nerve about halfway through and turns what should be a biting satire on American greed into a melodramatic lesson of conscience.
A smart little comedy that tosses some sharp little darts at our consumer-driven culture.
The Joneses is a list of grievances nailed to the door of the Church of Materialism, but the hammer never hits the audience's fingers.
Sometimes the social satire is a bit too obvious, but thanks to a smart screenplay and excellent performances, "The Joneses" is largely successful in delivering on its intriguing premise.
The film asks welcome questions about what price we should be willing to pay for "the good life," but ultimately it can't close the deal.
FX's under-viewed cable series >The Riches did everything that's here years ago, with more lucidity.
Iinitially promising but finally unremarkable...
shockingly believable
The humor is more subtle than you'd think. And we wouldn't mind seeing more of this type of thing from both Duchovny and Moore.
A generic hash of contrived comedy, romance, and tragedy, the saddest part of which is that a way-cool, high-end riding lawn mower winds up at the bottom of someone's swimming pool.
That the movie is able to suspend disbelief for as long as it does is a testament to David Duchovny's likability as an actor.
Writer-director Derrick Borte has a dark vision of maxed-out 21st-century suburbia where advertising is not only inescapable, but the essential fabric that bonds friends and family. What he lacks is follow-through.
Good salesmen would show no pity. The Joneses weeps, and we're not buying it.
The premise of this social satire is so enjoyable you keep trying to believe it even though it makes no sense
The Joneses starts with a fresh identity but finally feels like the product of a focus group.
Surprise! Moore plays a normal human being and Duchovny shows a "sensitive" side. Hated the tacked on "audience test marketed" second ending.
May not be the smartest movie on the block, but it's slickly packaged with a good sales pitch.
Ironically for a movie about people who eat, drink and breathe marketing, "The Joneses" is too much of a soft sell to close the deal.
The cons should leave the audience a little breathless; instead, Borte goes for an indistinct tone and suburban-malaise vibe that was dated (as well as patronizing) when American Beauty came out.
Either this is a tragic family or a satirical one, and the film seems uncertain which way to jump.
Writer-director Derrick Borte takes this somewhat clever concept and turns it into a muddled mix of weak social commentary, predictable drama and wan comedy.
Fresh, scintillating and downright terrific...
Borte's polished treatment of the material feels confidently in service of his point -- it's an assuredness that reminded me of David O. Russell -- and the actors involved commit to their situation wholeheartedly and entertainingly.
The screenplay goes as limp as a noodle and turns into a long string of clichés. It's sad, really, because the movie begins with so much promise.
Keeping up with the Joneses is tough. Derrick Borte should have learned this before deciding to write, produce, and direct his first major film, a slice of social commentary that loses focus as it unspools.
As cautionary tales about consumerism go, The Joneses manages a deft blend of the sexy, the sad and the silly. And Borte doles out his secrets and surprises in ways that make it easy to keep up with these Joneses.
David Duchovny and Demi Moore are well accessorized as display-model husband and wife. But this cautionary tale might be easier to swallow if all that stuff didn't look like it came from a Sky Mall catalog.
For a while, at least, a pitch-black (and, therefore, pitch-perfect) tale of our times.
The Joneses often taps the same shopping fetish for luxury geeks as Sex and the City does for women; this movie may have been financed through high-end product placement alone.
There's the makings of a nasty satire of modern American materialism [here] but in the end...the movie goes soft, squishy and even--heaven help us--preachy.
Carried a surprising distance by writer/director Borte before it falls completely apart, but what works here works wonderfully, providing a painfully accurate depiction of materialism run amok.
Sharp-edged...a smart comedy with an agenda that, for the most part, knows what it's about and gets about it. It's not perfect but it's full of surprises.
A biting broadside attack on mindless consumerism.
Somewhere on the way to the future, America decided that it's better to have a houseful of designer wear and home entertainment gadgets galore, than good schools, affordable health care, and a job and home for everyone. Or did they?
Duchovny exudes charm and humor throughout, and he alone nearly makes up for material that's generally rather flat.
...a watchable piece of work...
As its generic name of the family that Americans strive to keep up with, "The Joneses" is an insightful, if not especially scathing, satire from debut director/co-writer Derrick Borte about consumerist manipulation.
A high-concept premise too-tidily comments on its underlying subject matter in The Joneses.
Borte supports his jewel of a story idea with dead-on casting, stunning images and product placement that's intentionally heavy-handed.






@highlight

It doesn't pursue its subversive premise as far as it should, but The Joneses benefits from its timely satire of consumer culture -- as well as a pair of strong performances from David Duchovny and Demi Moore.