The film raises the questions it hopes churches will answer. It's clearly designed to open discussion on these questions, and to encourage churches to discuss sexual abuse.
... an enjoyable and competently made film that will appeal to secular-minded moviegoers as well as the choir.
As with a good sermon, it is engaging, and strives to inspire and provide food for thought. Audiences going in knowing what to expect shouldn't be disappointed.
It sounds like a rather overt Christian message, but the film is actually more of a cautionary melodrama with religious sermons sprinkled in between the various scenes
A very interesting, if not always successful drama that is also part revivalist sermon.
while director Michael Schultz's work is unsubtle...it's guaranteed to find a sympathetic audience, much in the same way Jakes' plainspoken sermons connect with his followers.
A monochromatic melodrama.
As a film it plays like a heavy-handed morality tale one might come across on a middling cable network.
A case of preaching to the choir.
The talented players work hard to sell it, but all too often Woman is over-intellectualized and self-consciously arty.
There is little to like about many of the hard characters we meet. Yet the film has a core generosity.
It is more a public service announcement than a movie, but it has to be more useful to its audience than a summer blockbuster offering Halle Berry's tips on how to use a bullwhip.
Woman boasts an unexpected edginess, as well as a terrific performance from Kimberly Elise.
For all the tough-minded talk and frank portraits of inner-city life... the film is not altogether convincing.
It offers a compelling portrait of human tragedy and the journey to redemption.
Unlike many films with Christian agendas, this one doesn't sweep ugliness under the rug.
Good intentions. Wish it were a better movie.
Typical of the sort of melodrama that's the stuff of well-meaning telefilms, but...played at too high-pitched a tone.
This isn't a bad movie; it's just watered down.
More like a very special episode of Oprah than a night out at the movies.
Schultz ... is not able to lift the proceedings beyond melodrama, but he succeeds in imbuing the film with dramatic urgency and has elicited powerful performances from the cast.
Its essential message of emotional healing is a positive one. But as a movie, it floats into a channel-surfing blur of corny scenes and pop psych dialogue that too often confuses the material with the spiritual.
handled as an After School Special
This is very much a woman's picture, both in the old-school sense of highly pitched, Lifetime-style melodrama and in its cast of formidable actresses, all of whom deliver powerful performances.
You may not care for the message, but there's nothing insidious about it.
This is one faith-based film that pulls no punches.
A poorly dramatized infomercial.
For victims of abuse, watching this film may be a cathartic experience. For most moviegoers, it is, at its best, a sober look at a problem that is at last getting some of the attention it has always deserved.
The uniformly excellent actors, many of whom have been working beneath their gifts for years on UPN sitcoms, clearly relished the complexities. You will too.
Its preachy side can be offputting. Messages of forgiveness and spiritual awakening are slammed home like force-feeding for the soul.
There's no finger-pointing exclusion or even hellfire here, only the openhearted hope and welcoming love on which the religion was based.
This movie wears its agenda proudly. If at times awkwardly, it has something real it wants to say.
Although it makes no bones about preaching to the choir, Woman, Thou Art Loosed has enough force as a searing emotional drama to transcend religious boundaries.
It has the wooden, self-conscious veneer of a vanity production.
Director Michael Schultz exerts inadequate control over some promising performances that belong in a better movie than this laundry list of sisterly grievances.
Unconvincing performances and overwritten dialogue make Woman fail to resonate.
If a black, gospel-themed work can catch on with mass audiences, this will be it.
While the acting is adequate, it has a low-budget, melodramatic 'ABC Afterschool Special' quality to it that would make it more appropriate for airing on Lifetime or BET.
An earnest but intensely awful piece of motivational entertainment.
Woman Thou Art Loosed isn't the most polished film to roll down the pike, but it has authenticity in its dialogue and situations that Hollywood films lack.
Now, a movie, from the Pentecostal preacher whose line of 'Loosed' product includes a novel, a play, a traveling seminar, and the 'Woman, Thou Art Loosed Cookbook'...
It's not a tribute to the power of Christian living, but rather a self-tribute by Bishop Jakes to his own sense of importance.
You could classify the film as self-help drama, with the line between sermon and drama intentionally obscured.
The screenplay is overwrought at times, but the acting is superb by any standard.
For the Rev. Jakes, Jesus is the way out. But on film, that message comes across with more subtlety and tenderness than the grind of the touring gospel musical can muster.
Ultimately, the movie's too uneven to be totally satisfying.
Michael Schultz's powerful melodrama renews an important tradition of African-American filmmaking: the movie as revivalist sermon.
... technical adeptness can't save Woman, Thou Art Loosed from being much more than a vanity project.
Woman Thou Art Loosed is a decent movie, but it needs more story and more opportunities for the actors to showcase their abilities.
Everything in this film is simply too sanitized to work. We're dropped into a world of pimps, 'hos' and crackheads, where no one so much as says 'darn.'
Most troubling ... is the hopeless moral environment Jakes and director Michael Schultz create.
A quality production that fully engages.
You know girlfriend is in trouble when she walks into church without a bra.
A hard-hitting film depicting child molestation and the results thereof.





@highlight

While Woman is a little less heavy-handed than other message movies, it still feels like an After School Special.