The fact that this "love" is really little more than lust and rebellion is ignored by everyone involved - though at least the lust waits until marriage to be consummated.
[Romeo & Juliet] is a brave piece of film-making for those who appreciate the storytelling magic of music and can't resist the theatrics of a musical.
There isn't an interesting new point of view here (unless it's that violence is bad and sometimes after a tragedy, you just have to mend fences and move on -- but that's hardly a new idea, and the story isn't meant to be beat-you-over-the-head didactic).
This Romeo and Juliet is set on its disappointing course, and it can't be deterred. What a bummer.
While the setting and the costumes are in keeping with the tale, you can't help but feel as if you are watching a grandiose stage production.
A stuffy, old-fashioned production shot on distractingly spotless sets. It lumbers along in search of a reason to exist.
Pretty but, ultimately, flat.
Been a while since Shakespeare's star-crossed smoochers got some big-screen love. Going on the so-so outcome here, no one would have minded waiting a little longer.
A sharply adapted version of the classic love story, stunningly visualised and tightly directed.
Carlei's film is beautiful but sterile, and seems nervous its audience will be bored to the extent that there seem to be more sword fights than usual. Only Paul Giamatti's touching turn as the Friar stays in the mind when this passionless film is over.
It's a bit turgid at times and the plot plods in the establishment scenes, but then the swell of romance and the flush of first love works its magic through its photogenic young stars
To service the cause of bringing Shakespeare to new, young audiences, almost anything is permitted. But destroying the poetry defeats the whole purpose of doing it in the first place.
It just goes to show that if you don't have the proper elements in place for such an adaptation, then it's going to be difficult to get the audience involved in the story, especially when it's one that they've seen countless times before.
Though the film does have its strong points, Romeo and Juliet are out shined by skilled supporting players in Carlo Carlei's uneven adaptation of this classic love story.
To put it plainly, Carlo Carlei's version of Romeo and Juliet is the worst Shakespeare movie adaptation I've ever seen.
... hits the highlights but only mildly captures the spirit of Shakespeare's original.
I know this thing's been kicking almost half a millennium, but is it too much to ask for a little invention?
It's all such a prettily-spoken blur to care much.
No one in the cast is bad, per se, but only Giamatti seems like he'd be at home onstage at the Globe.
Makes a mere two hours feel like two full days.
"Romeo and Juliet" is too soapy and improbable to count among the Bard's very best plays, but it surely has some of his best dialogue, and messing it up this much is close to inexcusable.
If you're looking for a filmed Romeo to get your kids acquainted with one of Shakespeare's most easily-digestible plays, this is a perfectly fine (if not entirely authentic) choice.
There are ever more ways to bowdlerize the Bard, as this misbegotten, "Why did they bother?" version sadly proves.
Far too reverent to the source material, po-faced, literal and without raising much intensity.
I half expected Holly Hunter to turn up in a bonnet and throw herself speechlessly into the raging sea.
Unless you've lived life under a rock and haven't ever seen this story or you just want to bask in the splendor that is the Paul Giamatti show, your memory of any previous tale of woe from Juliet and her Romeo is more than sufficient.
Teen-friendly take on Bard's classic has spark, little soul.
There are reasons to see this Romeo and Juliet-it's just a shame that Romeo and Juliet are not chief among them.
Stays true to its adolescent origins, more or less.
Good casting and lovely production values but stilted execution - considering Romeo and Juliet is supposed to feel like the most powerful tragic romance tale ever told.
Wherefore art thou Franco Zeffirelli, not to mention Nino Rota?
The grown-ups outshine the kids in this handsome, romantically anemic rendering of Shakespeare's perennial.
Every generation gets their own Romeo and Juliet, but kids these days really didn't deserve this dull, cheapo attempt.
Carlei's version has the ever unfortunate question of "what's the point?" lingering over it like a dark, menacing cloud.
What can you say about a Romeo and Juliet that lacks heat, romance, eroticism, or lyricism? Mercifully, not much.
Juliet should be a girl, but the story's trajectory of self-sacrifice requires her to become a woman. Steinfeld gets the girl part exactly right, but she botches the transformation.
This is one odd production, its highs (Paul Giametti's funny, humane take on Friar Laurence; Verona locations) continually dashed by its lows (a shallow adaptation where puppy love replaces passion, a Romeo (Douglas Booth) prettier than his Juliet).
On the plus side, the real-life, Veronese back-drops are awesome. And the male cast are as beautiful as the day.
Decent and perfectly respectable but lacks the soaring, swooning fireworks of Baz Luhrmann's swashbuckling approach or even the intensity of the admired Sixties version by Franco Zeffirelli.
Turning what should be a hanky-required tragedy into a headache-inducing travesty is no small feat.
Pretty on the outside but lacking something more than a menagerie of lush brunette heads.
If you really love this story, go see the Franco Zeffirelli version (or a good production of "West Side Story"). And if you truly love Shakespeare, read any of a dozen of his other plays instead.
The two most important things about "Romeo & Juliet" are Romeo and his Juliet --- or who is portraying them. While Douglas Booth, who is incredibly handsome, makes a wonderful Romeo, Hailee Steinfeld is underwhelming as Juliet.
'Tis a pity, but this lavish and exquisite production of Shakespeare's "Romeo & Juliet" is marred by the very questionable casting of Hailee Steinfeld as Juliet.
Here's betting the new film version of Romeo and Juliet probably won't inspire a new generation's passion for Shakespeare.
Tradition should not be a hindrance, but here's it's an absolute killer.
If you're going to adapt a story that has been told countless times, you better direct the hell out of it! Instead, the filmmakers have just made something mediocre. And that, my friendS, is a sin in the world of filmmaking.
[T]he central romance has been reduced to a series of stares ... and long, passionate kisses, and the lines in between them start to come across as ... interruptions.
Fellowes has done a decent job in abbreviating the story of star-cross'd lovers and simplifying the text, while keeping faithful in spirit to the original.
This is the Teen Vogue version of the ultimate young love story.
[Director Carlo] Carlei's film is not particularly imaginative in terms of context, but it offers proof that this material never tarnishes, that with the right sort of movie magic, even a traditional telling can be thrilling.
All it needs to succeed is leads with a lot of chemistry and the ability to adapt to the rhythms of iambic pentameter and the glorious language. It fails on all three.
A sufficiently entertaining, adamantly old-fashioned adaptation that follows the play's general outline without ever rising to the passionate intensity of its star-cross'd crazy kids.
If there is one novelty in director Carlo Carlei's take on the world's best-known ill-fated lovers, it's that the words aren't entirely Shakespeare's. It's a fresh approach, indeed, but maybe not the wisest.
Viewers who go into "Romeo and Juliet" cold may be forgiven for coming away thinking Shakespeare was a really lousy writer.
Douglas Booth is a handsome fellow, in a mushy-peas kind of way, but Hailee Steinfeld, Oscar-nominated for True Grit, neither looks appealing nor acts with any distinction here.
Shakespeare's play evokes the poetry of undying love, but this "Romeo and Juliet" is prosaic.
In a way, it's like the cover of a favorite pop tune - inferior, to be sure, but nevertheless pleasantly familiar.
Verona, we have a problem. And thy name is Juliet.
Not even when the doomed Juliet reaches for Romeo's dagger do you feel a single vicarious pain in your gut.
The lovers provide no palpable passion. And without that, there is very much woe. But not much point.
While there is a pleasantness about this faithful Shakespearean reboot, there also is some woeful miscasting and a lukewarm feeling about the straightforward production.
It has a sort of soapy reliability, but compare it to the blazing passion of Baz Luhrmann's modern-day version with Leonardo DiCaprio and Claire Danes in gangland LA and it looks pretty feeble.
Seventh-grade English teachers, rejoice. You have a new movie to show the class that day you come in hung over and can't deal.
An interminable, unintentionally hilarious misfire, apparently aimed at a youth audience weaned on "Gossip Girl."
So reverential is this play of the play, the Bard would likely blush.
Heresy!
It makes Baz Luhrmann's 1996 contempo update - the one with Claire Danes and Leonardo DiCaprio and the plus-sign in its title - look like some kind of masterpiece.
Romeo and Juliet do a lot more smooching than talking, which is possibly for the best. The film's one hope is that their chemistry might pull us through, but even here there's a calamity.
Comes across like a dumbed-down Cliffs Notes version of the classic directed at the 'Twilight' crowd.
Steinfeld is 16, which sounds young but is about right for Juliet. Booth is 21, handsome as can be, but also a strong Romeo. They don't exactly ignite the screen with passion, but their chemistry is good.
Starter Shakespeare for the "Twilight" generation.
Frustratingly, Romeo & Juliet ends up playing it safe, trying to remain faithful to the spirit of Shakespeare's work while defacing it in a most cordial manner.
...an abbreviated version that preserves the high points, zips past the rest, and never approaches the depth of the full text.
The younger actors are dismal. They gabble, mumble, swallow their lines and are, in a few moments of mercy, inaudible altogether.
Fellowes' many changes and additions diminish the power of Shakespeare's story.
The most excellent and lamentable tragedy "Romeo and Juliet" has been turned into a film that is lamentable without the "excellent" part.
The latest version of Romeo and Juliet is watchable, well-acted and gains points for its locational veracity, but Fellowes' script takes some shocking liberties with Shakespeare's original that won't endear the film to literature students.
But soft.
Elegant and well-acted but bereft of the spark to make its tragedy resonate with lovers who spent more than an hour getting to know one another, "Romeo and Juliet" effectively chronicles young love but doesn't transcend it.
Actors in tights declaim in bloodless BBC accents while someone murders a piano's sustain pedal on the soundtrack.
Please steer away your loved ones from this tone-deaf travesty, this misbegotten farrago, this offensive, rank, charmless, near-lifeless, anti-romantic twaddle, a classic tale 'told by an idiot.' Want to know what I really think?
A desultory new version of Shakespeare's tragedy that feels shorn of eroticism, intensity or purpose.
Perfectly respectable, but it won't linger in the memory like Luhrmann's.
Lovely. But fatally miscast.
The film's safe approach provides an inviting surface but never risks digging into the material. The lovers are impassioned, but the telling is only lukewarm.
Today's version will likely become a cheat sheet for slacking students, but it won't inspire them to open their hearts to the text.
It works pretty smoothly, and should allow folks flummoxed by Joss Whedon's "Much Ado About Nothing" to follow along without alienating too many purists.

@highlight

Shakespeare's classic romance gets a so-so adaptation that's short on passion and energy.