You'll laugh, you'll cry, you'll get a ticket for doing 70 in a 45-mile-an-hour zone. It's that kind of a movie, and the real feel of the racing footage is absolutely spectacular.
'Cars' has energy and heart-two things that 'Robots' lacked.
Cars is a nice homily to small town life and remembering the past - which definitely has its charms - and call for remembering our roots, but it's been done better elsewhere.
Unlike other Pixar releases, Cars does not cross over to adults as well as Finding Nemo or The Incredibles. But kids will love it, and isn't that what this type of animation is all about?
Pixar's latest visual stunner with a heart of gold honors our obsession with the automobile. Although it will make many nostalgic for the open road, especially the historic Route 66, the kids might get a little bored with this one.
Pixar's grown so metallic that having automobiles for animated characters becomes disturbingly apt
Although the plot coasts along a predictable path, the verbal jokes and sight gags rev things up along the way, making the film enjoyable almost from start to finish.
I've never seen a Pixar film so void of magic, and originality before...
Owen Wilson's infectious good-natured energy permeates Pixar's light-hearted animated movie about "Lightning McQueen" a rookie competition race car that discovers there's more to life than winning races.
This noisy animated paean to NASCAR and Route 66 gets mired in the middle laps on a grippy track.
Cars is Pixar's most improbable success to date, a film that could easily have misfired, but somehow does not.
Here it is, another masterpiece from director John Lasseter and his fellow geniuses at Pixar Animation Studios, once again raising the bar out of reach of everyone but themselves.
Despite its technical accomplishments, Cars feels less Formula One than Ford Fiesta.
One of these days, the magicians at Pixar will make a bad movie%u2013or even a mediocre one%u2013but it hasn't happened yet.
The rote melancholy song by Randy Newman evokes more laughter than compassion.
It's never a good sign when the funniest, most entertaining part of a movie are the closing credits.
There's a lot of heart and soul--complemented by some of the most eye-popping visuals the computer-animation pioneer has ever devised.
Cars is not Pixar at its very best but it's immaculately drawn, full of surprises and beautifully voiced. It also moves at an astonishing speed.
Rips off Doc Hollywood, almost note for note.
Beautifully animated, and the story is great.
In Cars Pixar has come up with a strong story, beautiful images, intriguing themes, and endearing characters.
This isn't a bad story, but it's a bit hokey, and not nearly as imaginative as Pixar's previous triumphs.
Often veers over the central line between watchable and disappointing.
n this day of skyrocketing gas prices, when going out for a drive has become a frivolous luxury, this car-culture film could be a cute reminder of days past%u2014a fun historical reference for the kids%u2014sort of like Disney's Dinosaur.
a steep step downwards for all and everything concerned, unless you're a Caucasian sports car
There's sure to be a dud somewhere in its future, but right now, the Disney/Pixar combination is the film industry's only sure-fire, guar-an-teed, git-'er-done hitmaker.
An average Pixar movie remains markedly better than the best from any other animation studio.
Smooth, but bland and forgettable.
Beneath those whiz-bang, state-of-the-art graphics lies a paean to nostalgia we've all heard before.
Judged against previous form, this is not Pixar firing on all cylinders, lacking the sophisticated comedy we've come to expect. Judged against fare from other studios, however, it's a triumph.
The animation is as gorgeous as always, but when you find yourself admiring the beautifully rendered scenery in a cartoon you have to wonder whether the film itself is really working.
A movie that's as much about racing as Titanic was about a luxury liner crossing the Atlantic.
It had to end sometime. After a run of standard-setting CGI movies, Pixar has finally delivered a dud.
Básicamente es la historia animada de anécdotas que ya hemos visto en el cine, especialmente en cintas como Un Paseo por las Nubes o la mismísima Doc Hollywood de 1991.
A warning light came on in my head when I noticed that Cars has more credited screenwriters (six) than many cars have pistons (four).
... uma máquina azeitada como seu protagonista, mas poderia ser um pouco menos artificial em seu desenvolvimento.
Cars makes Over the Hedge look like a Pinto.
La animación de Pixar se supera, una vez más, a sí misma, aunque no mantenga la frescura narrativa ni la originalidad de historia y personajes de sus mejores películas.
Cars may be the closest Pixar ever gets to making a "bad" movie, and even then it's still pretty good.
Pixar's animated Route 66 provides ample opportunity for getting one's kicks.
This one might be perfect for those pre-teen boys, but I'm not sure how girls will take to it, or adults for that matter.
It feels like one of Pixar's less imaginative rivals trying to make a Pixar movie, but falling into the tired trappings that Pixar, up to this point, has deftly avoided. It is also two hours long, which is about 30 minutes longer than it needs to be.
If you see Cars, you'll have a pretty good time yourself.
...a movie that's almost impossible to dislike...
Cars is - dare I say it? - a little on the dull side.
And they're off!
Has a message about the virtues of the simple life that's hard not to like.
I watched CARS through the windshield of my car. I'd not been to a drive-in in years. Oh, and the movie was pretty darned good too!
Cars is about as much fun as a traffic jam in desert heat, or heck, watching NASCAR
Runs on a half tank of entertainment
Pixar is the safest entertainment bet in town. So when I see what was really an uninteresting-looking preview, I ran out to see it. It had unexpected pleasures and was just as I had hoped.
A wonderfully imaginative film, filled with just the right amount of nostalgia and sentimentality to win over audiences of all ages.
Is there a script mechanic in the pits? ... I've heard of funny cars, but Cars just isn't funny.
For all of its high-octane characters, Cars too often seems to be spinning its wheels.
While it may not seem like it now, (Cars) will wind up another cartoon classic from a company that, apparently, can produce nothing but timeless treats.
...a solid, enjoyable movie whose only real drawback is its failure to inspire awe with its visuals and to thoroughly transport with its storytelling.
While the vehicle might be less than overpowering, no one can accuse the Pixar pit crew of not priming their theme with every ounce of octane in the creative pump.
I'm wondering if the Piston Cup conceit of huge crowds of cars watching fellow cars race around a track crashing is perverse in a "They Shoot Horses, Don't They?" sort of way.
If you've enjoyed the other Pixar entries, then Cars won't disappoint. It's another grand slam from the masters of animation.
A uniquely American experience in a uniquely American setting ... And it's a heck of a lot of fun.
Along came the interstate, apparently, and ruined everything. Just like that darned Internet, I guess, or that superhighway stuff, or those dumb movies they make with computers nowadays.
Most of its horsepower can be attributed to the sparkling visuals.
As interesting as a ten-hour drive around Passaic, New Jersey.
It is entertaining, colorful, and it has dazzling images and clearly-defined characters.
Disney - the same company that ... helped turn Times Square into an outlet mall, is going to lecture me on the commodification of America?
Cars is definitely not the worst Pixar movie. That was A Bug's Life. Doesn't anybody remember how surface and banal that was?
Where did it all go right?
Brilliant in Every Aspect - the best family film this year.
Great fun for all ages, with inventive imagery and ideas, a clever script and an evocative cast of all-star voices.
Directed by Pixar creative mastermind John Lasseter, Cars adds plenty of warmth and sweetness to its visual wizardry.
Cars is up-to-date computer animation of unusual swank, but it wears a weary heart on its long chrome sleeve.
Cars might get us into car world as a gimmick, but it doesn't get us into car world as a state of mind. Thus, the animation, rather than seeming like an expression of the movie's deeper truth, becomes an impediment to it.
While it isn't as genuinely great as a number of their previous works, it's deeper, and that alone is worth the look.
Though the central idea of nostalgia for a quieter, small-town life may well be lost on this movie's young audience -- Cars finds a pleasant and often sparkling groove.
Cars made me want to hop in my jalopy and to head out to Route 66, bypassing the boring interstate highways that made the Mother Road redundant.
It's the one movie so far this summer that demands to be seen on the big screen.
Be warned: there are no superheroes in this first Pixar effort since The Incredibles. Instead, there is a funny, visually stunning, and genuinely superheroic effort to pay homage to friendship and the delights to be found along a forgotten highway.
One minute you're checking your watch, the next a tear has formed in the corner of your eye because you're suddenly 4 years old again, half asleep in the back of your dad's Pontiac.
It's beautiful to look at. The talking cars feel more alive than talking cars should.
It's impossible to find more joy in the dark at the moment.
From the remarkable visuals, to the diverting vocal performances, to clever jokes about motor racing and the automotive lifestyle, vital, jaunty life pulses throughout Cars.
It's another innovative piece of entertainment from the animation studio, taking the audience on a kinetic trip into a world populated only by automobiles.
Cars somewhat self-indulgently runs nearly two hours -- but overall, it's well worth the trip.
Like the Toy Story films, Cars is a state-of-the-computer-art plea on behalf of outmoded, wholesome fifties technology, with a dash of Zen by way of George Lucas.
[T]hey're cars! But they're people! But they're cars! Huh?
It achieves the near impossible, turning cars, trucks, tractors and farm harvesters into cute Disney characters whose fates you'll care about.
While it has heart and spunk to spare, it's still just a few quarts shy of greatness on the dipstick of animation immortality.
There's little doubt that, from a technical standpoint, Pixar Animation's latest creation, Cars, runs laps around the competition.
Cars creates a world so palpably real that within minutes we accept that its only sentient creatures are automobiles.
So warm, fuzzy and passionate about its four-wheeled characters is Cars that you may start to wonder about the efficiency of evolution itself.
It thunders ahead with breezy abandon, scoring big grins on its way.
For parents out there whose future holds the certain prospect of the DVD version blaring repeatedly from family-room screens, let this by your advisory. Warning: Cars comes unequipped with two essential options -- charm and a good muffler.
Cars is a pleasant joyride through some spectacular terrain. But from start to finish, there isn't a curve in the highway that you don't see coming from miles away.
It's touching, it's funny, it offers cautions about the modern pace of life, and it depends on a sense of rural Americana for its soul.
Its characters may be made of steel, but this movie is made of sturdier stuff: heart and art.
Cars does boast an inspired design, and the flow of the racing scenes is dynamic and impressive.
Cars idles at times. And it's not until its final laps that the movie gains the emotional traction we've come to expect from the Toy Story and Nemo crews.
No other outfit can match Pixar's knack for plucking heartstrings without tearing them off the frets.
The script is unfailingly witty, the animation is breathtaking and clever -- the cast of voice actors is spirited and funny, and the direction as accomplished as any film you're likely to see this year.
It has the heart and humor of Toy Story, kid-friendly cuddliness of Monsters, Inc. or Finding Nemo, and the kinds of adult gags and action sequences that yield bursts of energy in The Incredibles.
Perhaps the movie's idyllic small town of Radiator Springs should have been depicted through stop-motion or traditional animation, to suggest the limits as well as the appeal of the so-called good old days.
Pixar has done it again. The world's most ingenious and respected animation studio has achieved another creative triumph in the hilariously inventive "Cars."
... every time Cars looks like it's running off the road, its visual wit -- and its all-star vocal cast -- save the day.
The joy of watching Cars is also its message: It's the journey that counts, not just the destination.
one of the most eye-pleasing computer-animated films to date... As is typical with a Pixar film, the laughs continue all the way to the movie's last frame.
The short answer is: Pixar does it again.
At 116 minutes, it's a test not of speed but endurance.
It tells a bright and cheery story, and then has a little something profound lurking around the edges. In this case, it's a sense of loss.
The voices are great, a handful of puns are funny and the last half-hour is the Pixar movie we've expected to see. But that stalling sound in the opening race of "Cars" is Pixar's first-ever sputtering-out of imagination and immersion.
Make no mistake - Cars is still the best animated film this year. But with Pixar behind the wheel, the film should have cruised to must-see status. Instead, it stalls.
Cars is a great looking film that doesn't have a great story
Its overtly nostalgic pining for small town Americana is something for which the 5- to 12-year-olds of today have no comparative sense, and certainly no longing.
Given the studio's track record this should have been an easy lap around the track, but instead it putters towards the finish line.
...scenes involving the colorful townspeople, capitalizing largely on Paul Newman's skill at playing wise yet ostensibly cantankerous old men, are repeatedly interrupted by long stretches of boring homages to the world of celebrity...
It is our wildest dreams come to life, and as such is a raucous wonderment speeding to success down the box office fastlane.
It's powered by a human heart through a roadway of natural wonders and cultural signposts en route to the checkered flag.
As much as the movie makes such imagery oddly fresh again in the ever-strange form of animation (look how sharp that butte looks!) it is also, inevitably, archaic.
Younger viewers who are not so demanding will enjoy Cars more than the adults. Despite its clichés, it is colorful, funny and sweet.
What Pixar's latest 'toon lacks in plot freshness, it makes up for with great characters, fun vocal performances, and a script with genuine emotional heft.
Pixar is truly the Ferrari of animation studios...another winner!
Apparently, anthropomorphized machines are a whole lot less fun than anthropomorphized fish, insects, toys or monsters. Remember last year's Robots? Yeah, me neither
That it doesn't quite match the amazing previous movies feels like a minor technical nitpick in the face of the assuredness with which the team delivers its brand of entertainment.
Cars is the first Pixar flick I'd describe as "cynical," and that, frankly, breaks my heart just a little bit.
This might not have the strong sentimental story that we've seen in previous Pixar films, but it is as cute, clever, and funny as ever.
It's great to see [John Lasseter] back in total creative control of the Pixar animated films. He's a Walt Disney for this generation.
Some of the Pixar magic may have been misdirected on this project, but these guys probably couldn't make a bad movie if they wanted to.
While entertaining and visually spectacular, this tale is less touching than what Pixar has used us too.
Calling it a borderline lazy effort in the script department would be assuming that the eight credited writers actually put forth an effort beyond just watching Doc Hollywood one night.
Pixar's seventh feature film Cars arrives with more of a sputter than a zoom. It's a skid, if not entirely a blowout.
2004's dazzling Incredibles promised Pixar was growing up and willing to try new things. Cars is incontrovertible proof that promise was not kept.
Funny and warm and beautiful and awe-inspiring and nothing short of absolutely wonderful.
Has all the charm of the Pixar canon, though little of the emotional resonance and clear thinking of their best films.
Larry The Cable Guy saves a movie that is good, but not great.
Cars runs out of gas long before it reaches the finish line. With twenty minutes cut it could have been a contender, but it's the worst Pixar film to date.
The film is easily their [Pixar's] weakest effort to date, but Pixar on a bad day is better than most studios on a good day.
For the first time in Pixar's young history, the meaningful lessons of the plot take a back seat to the filmmaker's breathtaking art.
As far as the script goes, "Cars" is a little bit pedestrian.
Richly silly, but also solid, with something for the kids and the adults
None of the characters in Cars feel like flesh and blood. None of them feel like family. Instead, they're just a means to an end -- vehicles and nothing more.
Thank God for the technical glory of Pixar, because if we had to rely on script and performances, Cars would crash and burn.
The makers of Doc Hollywood called. They want their movie back.
Pixar finally rolled out a clunker.
The buzz got it wrong: Cars has turned out to be all pleasure, one of Pixar's most imaginative and thoroughly appealing movies ever.
The animation is stunningly rendered. But the story is always the critical element in Pixar movies, and Cars' story is heartfelt with a clear and unabashed moral.
Absorbing, charming, and even touching.
While Cars may cross the finish line ahead of any of 2006's other animated films, it's several laps behind its Pixar siblings.
While it's a technically perfect movie, its tone is too manic, its characters too jaded and, in the end, its story too empty to stand up to expectations.
Every voice fits and every scene works.
It's the latest concoction from the geniuses at Pixar, probably the most inventive of the Computer Generated Imagery shop -- and the film's great fun, if well under the level of the first Toy Story.
... both in its ingratiating vibe and bland execution, Cars is nothing if not totally, disappointingly new-age Disney ...
What's surprising about this supremely engaging film is the source of its curb appeal: It has heart.
The truest measure of the movie is that eventually we forget we're watching a bunch of vehicles with faces and start to think of them as individual characters. It's quite an accomplishment, and perhaps one only possible by Pixar.
It takes everything that's made Pixar shorthand for animation excellence -- strong characters, tight pacing, spot-on voice casting, a warm sense of humor and visuals that are pure, pixilated bliss -- and carries them to the next stage.
Cars, although obviously the product of highly gifted and hard-working animators, is something of a misfire.
The script may miss the parental angst lurking within Toy Story and The Incredibles, but it still contains the studio's rich sense of humor.
Pixar maintains the lush visuals and sweet story, but the crossover is limited this time around.
Cars gives you plenty of time to think, some of which you may wish to use wondering why it isn't a better movie.
Never really quite great, it's still a good enough diversion for the family and should please adult fans of racing.
Other Pixar movies have been funnier than Cars, but director John Lasseter and his collaborators really make us long for the dusty charms of Radiator Springs, a town Norman Rockwell might have imagined if he'd had a hard drive at his disposal.
The good looks, the joking winks and nudges, and the race-circuit star power never really get this one out of the driveway.
And as pop flies go, Cars is pretty to watch, even as it loops, drifts and, at times, looks as if it's just hanging in midair.
You'll walk out of the theater wondering if it's OK to be disappointed when a movie is merely good.
At almost 2 hours, the movie, well, exhausts its welcome, somehow managing to be simultaneously frenetic and leaden.
Pixar and director John Lasseter have a track record so amazing, they can make a fine feature that's likely to be the year's best animated film ... and still have it be a disappointment.
Cars cheerfully hitches cutting-edge animation to a folksy narrative plugging friendship, community and a Luddite mistrust of high tech.
Cars may not have the strongest story, at least according to Pixar standards, yet thanks to Lasseter's passion the movie still gleams. It's as if the screen had just been waxed.
Pixar's corporate merging with Disney makes more sense now.
All of this sloppy characterization would have been forgivable if the cars had funny things to say, but the script is mainly a succession of bad car puns.
The creative mind rot that was foretold by The Incredibles comes home with full, Lamborghini-against-a-brick-wall force in a dull highway opera that's only notable for its technical achievements.
Pixar has yet another winner on the track
A work of American art as classic as it is modern.
By previous Pixar standards, it's a weak sort of win.
The soulless quality that permeates most CGI toons is missing in this studio's output, and Cars nearly rivals the Toy Story twofer in creating life where none should exist.
Once you start running into Jay Leno as 'Jay Limo' and Bob Costas as 'Bob Cutlass,' the whole thing starts to feel almost as annoying as a DreamWorks movie. I guess it had to happen sooner or later.
With its fundamentally flawed concept of talking cars, you'd be best advised to skip the movie and buy the toys. Even the best of Pixar's talent can't put a shine on this jalopy.
What ultimately redeems Cars from turning out a total lemon is its soul. Lasseter loves these animated inanimate objects as though they were kin, and it shows in every beautifully rendered frame.
a great movie that's not just a, you'll pardon the expression, character-driven story, but also an irresistible paean to life in the slow lane
Absolutely ingenious! The more you know about cars and car movies, the richer the experience of watching. Put the pedal to the metal and get going.
The animation is jaw-droppingly gorgeous, and the characters are wonderful. But it's kind of odd, really.
Even if Cars isn't the studio's champion outing, Pixar continues to run on all cylinders.
Honks its horn for the rewards and satisfactions of community versus the emptiness of selfishness and the culture's focus on winning and fame.
Cars inspires more admiration than elation. It dazzles even as it disappoints.
While the other guys are still hawking talking animals, the folks at Pixar continue to up the anthropomorphic ante with terrific characters and crowd-pleasing storytelling that are as much a part of the company's much-deserved success as all that state-of
These Cars seem somewhat used...while enjoyable enough, and certainly well made, it's no classic.
Despite representing another impressive technical achievement, it's the least visually interesting of the computer-animation boutique's movies, and -- in an ironic twist for a story about auto racing -- drifts slowly through its semi-arid midsection.
Cars is a brilliantly executed movie with a well tuned screenplay built on the simple but evergreen character elements that gave old Hollywood its golden glow: decent human values.
After a half-dozen feature films -- not one flop among them -- Lassater and his team certainly know how to construct a story.
Pixar throws us another phenomenal animated film that is as fun to watch as it is beautiful to look at.
Musty, corny, and largely devoid of any enchanting magic, it's also the pioneering Pixar's first effort that, trailblazing technical virtuosity be damned, feels disappointingly regressive.
Most of the ingredients that have made Pixar-Disney animations pure delight and box-office bonanza are evident in Cars, a technically impressive, quite entertaining, if also narratively flawed feature in which the metallic protags have energy.
Existing both in turbo-charged today and the gentler '50s, straddling the realms of Pixar styling and old Disney heart, this new-model Cars is an instant classic.
I found it really touching. I mean this is a worthy edition to the great Pixar library.
A love letter to the heyday of the American road and the faded mystique of Route 66.
Fueled with plenty of humor, action, heartfelt drama, and amazing new technical feats, Cars is a high octane delight for moviegoers of all ages.
There are many other brilliant scenes, some just as funny but there are just as many occasions where you feel the film's struggling to fire on all cylinders. Still, it's a Pixar film, right? And they're always worth a gander no matter what anyone says.




@highlight

Cars offers visual treats that more than compensate for its somewhat thinly written story, adding up to a satisfying diversion for younger viewers.