Watching Tetro, Coppola's first original screenplay in some 30 years, is like eavesdropping on someone's dream.
Tetro means "gloomy" in Italian, and sitting through this film is depressing indeed.
The movie is befuddling, but not because of plot convolutions. It keeps you at a distance when it seems singly concerned with the particular plight of the "art family."
Tetro is an acquired taste.
It's a deeply personal picture that's overflowing with exuberance and passion and is the director's best work in over twenty years.
Funny, haunting, strange and striking in equal measure, Tetro is a triumph that reconfirms Francis Ford Coppola's position as one of the great American filmmakers...
Unabashedly theatrical and richly cinematic, even when it's falling apart...
Shot mostly in a chiaroscuro black and white, with color interludes for the flashbacks and for surreal ballet sequences in the mode of Michael Powell's The Red Shoes, Tetro rewards the eye.
A dazzling stylistic exercise, Francis Ford Coppola's Tetro pays tribute to great bygone European filmmakers.
There is not enough dramatic tension to sustain the film for two hours and conjectures about the Coppola family saga are really extraneous to the experience of Tetro.
Incidents take a back seat to the main event, which is Francis Ford Coppola swooshing ideas and feelings about fathers, sons, blood ties and artistic accomplishment around in a big wine glass.
Stylish, involving and intensely personal, the film really gets under the skin with its emotional story and powerfully visual tone.
Coppola may be working on, for him, a smallish budget (reportedly around $15 million) but that doesn't mean his usual craftsmanship has abated. The film is sleekly shot and edited.
Coppola's fascination with family ties and guilty secrets is at the heart of a grandiose but half-baked saga that doffs its cap to the florid theatricality of Powell and Pressburger and Sixties Italian classics such as La Dolce Vita.
The way ahead could be for Coppola père et fils to stay away from personal themes. Family isn't everything.
Frustrating and fitfully compelling, Tetro may not be a return to former glories, but this is Coppola through and through, an over-ambitious effort about thwarted ambition, full of ideas and passion, and smitten with cinema.
It would be kindest to ignore Tetro.
Though it's unlikely to announce his return to the grand stage of big-budget cinema, the movie is graced with touches of the old Coppola magic.
Tetro is a movie filled with splashes of brilliance rather than being a plain brilliant movie.
Coppola is a shadow of the director he used to be. The use of black-and-white here only shows that more starkly.
The black and white cinematography and unusual sound design combining to haunting effect.
for the most part it marks Coppola once again at the very top of his game - and there are enough nuances, ellipses and ambiguities here to make every return visit reveal something different and new.
Francis Ford Coppola makes a superb return to form with this intriguing and poetic journey into a troubled sibling relationship and the tortured psyche of an artistic genius.
Tetro stands as proof that Coppola, with an almost stationary camera and nothing more technical than light on film, can still achieve a more stunning visual experience than the 3D CGI of Avatar.
"Tetro" is wonderfully expressionist and surreal, and some of Coppola's riskier ideas pay great dividends by the end of the film.
Has something to say about the fulfillment of art not coming from commercial success or the approval of others, but from a personal sense of completion, something we'd easily feel coming directly from Coppola.
...bold, cryptic and somewhat confusing family drama ... Shot in thrillingly high contrast, digital black and-white ... the movie can be read as a kind of emotional autobiography of the director
full review at Movies for the MAsses
Tetro is, in many ways, a thematic and spiritual cousin to Rumble Fish, another tale of an innocent who idolizes his older brother and craves his affection more than he should.
Mostly dull stuff but has its moments when it sparkles, as it muses over the Oedipal Complex like a madman throwing his clothes out the window.
Tetro is a delirious surprise -- an experimental film from Francis Ford Coppola that has the sizzle and vim of his great narrative work.
What threatens to be a mere exercise in style proves to be as involving as it is inventive.
Francis Ford Coppola has never been the most subtle or unpretentious of filmmakers. But if anything, he's gotten even more self-indulgent and stuffy ever since he set his sights and cameras on Europe and South America.
Tetro moves and startles
The performances, particularly from relative newcomer Alden Ehrenreich, will keep you engaged.
While Coppola seems revitalized by quoting from movies he studied at UCLA film school, what ultimately makes Tetro so compelling is the filmmaker's return to the motifs that made his 1970s films powerful.
What makes it eminently watchable is the craft. Cinematographer Mihai Malaimare Jr. films in luscious widescreen monochrome that looks almost wet. Osvaldo Golijov's score is another pleasure.
'Tetro' is absorbing, daring and proof that, even now, Coppola's famous reach does not exceed his creative grasp.
The acting is terrific.
Old-fashioned melodramatic claptrap, served up in ridiculously overblown style...another deeply embarrassing misfire from a man once considered a major American filmmaker.
It is interesting. Better, it is quite possibly great.
Coppola has made something personal and intimate that, while not brilliant, sticks to the grand, operatic themes that made him famous.
A rare cinematic experience on every level. There's been nothing like it on theater screens for a very long time, and it serves as a reminder of that fact.
A dazzling mess... it throbs with an excess of emotion and idealistic, cuckoo daring.
Tetro is a maddening mix of the glorious and the inept.
It would be a better coffee-table book than film.
Tetro percolates with energy and bawdy knockabout humor.
The Coppola who was master of the 1970s ... is back, and that should make every cinephile weep with joy
Visually inventive, narratively edgy, and unlike anything else.
There's still much to admire in the visual craft and offbeat cultural sampling Coppola heroically brings to a homogenized cinema, but Tetro rides off the rails.
Maddening and fascinating in a way that only a true artist could possibly manage, and piddling questions like whether or not the film "works" are completely beside the point.
Coppola has made some of the greatest films ever made in traditional narrative mode, but whenever he goes into his indie-outsider dance, he stumbles badly.
The movie is alive from beginning to end, and it's a pleasure to see at least one big-name director get out of the prison of his own reputation.
For beauty, vision and the palpable sense of a veteran filmmaker still reveling in possibility, it's something to see.
Even the most deftly executed scenes are smothered in the Oedipal weight of past betrayals while they struggle to support the operatic melodrama that unfolds.
Coppola is still very much alive.
Tetro has no internal tension and should have been a comedy.
Equally engrossing and moving, depicting that people can't run from memories or argue with their heart.
Here is a film that, for all of its plot, depends on characters in service of their emotional turmoil. It feels good to see Coppola back in form.
Tetro fuses the awkward and the ripely operatic.
Francis Ford Coppola gives you a lot to digest here and I appreciate that.
It is long and slow and, most importantly, lacking in dramatic tension.
For viewers who are willing to accept the sheer adolescence of Coppola's thematic obsessions and stylistic approach, Tetro shows plenty of questionably placed inspiration.
It has a verve and vitality that's been missing from [Coppola's] pictures for 25 years, and its various and visible flaws all result from too much of that verve rather than too little.
The movie plays not like an old man's film but like a promising, frustrating student effort.
There is an interior urgency that kept me galvanized, and by the time it was over the tears I was crying were so honestly earned I could have cared less if a moment here or there wasn't quite up to par.
Coppola extends a timeless magic to the film, which is perfectly set in the cobblestone metropolis of Buenos Aires.
[An] extravagant, and eventually lurid, tale of a tortured family.
With Tetro, it feels as if the director is regaining his footing, figuring out which parts of his past to hold on to and which to let go.
Tetro -- however slightly flawed -- is beautifully mounted and emotionally engaging, two factors that Coppola rarely gets together in one movie.
Coppola's directorial skills are still vibrant in this fascinating, if uneven look at two brothers at the crossroads of their relationship.
The director's triumphant return to form.
Visually arresting and intelligently crafted for the most part, but its slightly uneven tone diminishes its overall power to captivate and engross you thoroughly.
Despite the overwrought plot and unabashed pretension, there's something admirable about the fact that Coppola clearly made this movie for himself. But he shouldn't be surprised if few others join him in watching it.
It's the product of a great dreamer and aesthete, rather than an authentic emotional experience -- a gorgeous, crystalline bauble that really catches the light.
Francis Ford Coppola's "Tetro" is such a beautiful movie to look at that you wish it had a less-overwrought story.
The best compliment to be paid Tetro is that it feels like the work of a first time filmmaker, coming from a living legend reborn.
Tetro, the second in Coppola's new line of low-budget art films (following last year's headache factory Youth Without Youth), is hard to take seriously.
Tetro is a visually lush cinematic fugue about love, ambivalence and two brothers fleeing the dark shadow of their domineering father.
I've seldom, in recent years anyway, seen a film that so skillfully utilizes composition, sound, hard cutting, and visual tricks to tell its story. The problem is that it's a story that's barely worth telling
The heavy symbolism of binding family ties becomes too much to bear.
Clearly, Coppola needs to re-read O'Neill and stop trying to be Soderbergh.
Despite all its longueurs and extreme aggravations, Tetro deserves to be seen as the late work of one of the cinema's most accomplished masters of mise-en-scène.
in the end, this is his film, the way he wanted to make it -- a world that could only exist in cinema, burning with feelings, for better or worse.
...as [a] densely layered, intensely visual work of creative autobiography, Tetro claims a key place in the Coppola filmography. At least, for the first time in the last few decades worth of filmography, it feels like it's got somewhere to take you.
By the end the film, the plotting has achieved an impressive, if slightly overcooked, degree of complexity.
Stylistically, "Tetro" has its strengths, but it fails to connect with an emotional core before its overwrought third act comes crashing down.
Tetro is huge in its ambition, frequently operatic in its style and, on balance, impressive in its achievement.
Coppola's self-involved family drama Tetro feels like an attempt by the filmmaker to recapture his youthful for appetite for moviemaking and art. Which makes Tetro sound a lot better than it is.
Youth Without Youth may have been messier and more risible (though the climactic twist here is pretty damn dumb), but I'll take its dazzingly surreal middle third over this film's endless declamatory hooey.
Neither complete misfire nor triumphant return to form, Francis Ford Coppola's "Tetro" works as a competent family drama right up until the messy final act.
Forcefully acted and sumptuously shot in gleaming black and white, it is an artistic picture that occasionally - nay, frequently - strains too hard for credibility, as Coppola's script shoots for nothing less than tragedy.
It's not a catastrophe, but neither is it a classic, and a big problem is Coppola's self-penned script, an Oedipal drama that may as well be subtitled An Oedipal Drama, because subtlety is not its strongest suit.
Coppola's first original script in decades, Tetro is a dense, self-reflexive meditation about life and art, a spectacle that uses the melodrama genre to comment on family, narrative, and magic while paying tribute to Kazan, Fellini and even Almodovar.
The film's visual beauty is not enough to compensate for its somewhat static feel, though, or the unbelievability of several of the characters.
Although it feels at times like a vanity project, some strong performances - most notably by Spanish actress Maribel Verdu, but also Vincent Gallo in the title role and newcomer Alden Ehrenreich - save all but Tetro's most cringeworthy lines.
The angst-ridden treatment of Oedipal issues makes the picture play out like a passably talented imitation of O'Neill, Williams, Miller and Inge, and thus it feels like the pale product of an over-tilled field.
Returning to his origins as a theater and film student, Francis Ford Coppola deploys striking visuals, music, dance and classic drama to spin a tale of familial conflicts and brothers reunited.
Francis Ford Coppola returns to form with his richest, most enrapturing film since Apocalypse Now. The black-and-white cinematography alone is as intoxicating as a bottle of the director's finest red.







@highlight

A complex meditation on family dynamics, Tetro 's arresting visuals and emotional core compensate for its uneven narrative.