The uses of enchantment haven't changed; kids still need, maybe more than ever, the special comfort of fabulous threats they can control.
It's a terrific piece of work: smart, inventive and executed with state-of-the-art finesse.
It's funny, the characters are endearing, the monster world is cleverly developed, and the Pixar gang really has fun with this one.
Remains as wonderful and remarkably charming as it was when it was first released.
[A] fixedly sweet bedtime story and exercise in imaginative possibility.
...the movie becomes a giddy, kiddie inversion of time and space.
[I] really don't see the point of paying extra for children under eight. Their eyes are still developing, their noses are still small for slippery glasses, and... isn't a trip to the pictures enough for them in any case?
If anything, it improves with age.
Monsters displays wonderful imagination which makes it worth reliving in an extra dimension - particularly the energetic chase scene along a conveyor belt of doors.
Pixar's soaringly lovely fourth feature ...
[An] exciting, imaginative and very likable adventure.
Despite its eternal message about physical differences and the importance of love over fear of the unknown, Monsters, Inc primarily remains an ambitious concept film.
It's in the visuals that 'Monsters Inc' comes to life, from the jazzy, Norman McLaren influenced opening to the hilarious, shakycam amateur-dramatic recap over the closing credits.
Another chance to see Pixar's most dazzling premise, now spruced up with a third dimension.
Now in 3D, the filmmakers have created a wonderful reality - the reality of Monstropolis, which like the worlds of Oz and Pleasantville, whisk us far, far away on a magic carpet of fantasy
A shrewdly timed reminder of Pixar's early, heady days, when the animation powerhouse could do no wrong.
This didn't need 3D to work. It long ago passed the kids-wear-out-the-DVD-rewatching-it test.
There's really little reason to check out Monsters, Inc. 3D in... well, 3D, rather than going for a good old-fashioned 2D screening instead.
It does well, but not brilliantly: an amusing trifle from a studio whose best work still lay ahead of it.
Not quite a Pixar classic, but funny, witty and visually spectacular enough to be enjoyed again on the big screen.
It may be harder nowadays to dazzle audiences with fancy visual effects, but Monsters, Inc. 3D proves that smart, imaginative storytelling still does the trick every time.
Monsters, Inc. continues a positive 3D trend for the company, who appear to be selecting their upgraded titles wisely, choosing features that benefit from the additional depth.
Not even the opportunistic 3D-ification can squander the pure delight of the film's meticulously detailed world of ragtag creatures.
Most of the charm of "Monsters Inc." comes from its vocal cast.
If history is any guide, you and your family - whether young or old - will probably want to see "Monsters University" over and over.
The movie itself stands up well, even from an adult, two-dimensional perspective.
Its reassuring message is more relevant than ever.
[A] sparkling cartoon ...
A typically engrossing Pixar effort...
Cute, kid-friendly monster movie; may scare sensitive kids.
Though "Monsters, Inc." relies more on spinning-plates plot than its Pixar peers, this romp retains the charm and heart of the animation juggernaut's forte - adding extra to ordinary hopes, in this case leaving great impressions on the kids we love.
A charming cartoon classic coming courtesy of a successful collaboration by the good folks at Disney and Pixar.
Monsters, Inc. is a celebration of unforgettable characters and a world unlike any other.
From its jazzy main titles to its gentle fadeout, Monsters, Inc. has something that money can't buy. It's likeable. [Blu-ray]
Disney's Pixar has done it again with the delightful Monsters, Inc.--so sit back, bring the whole family and have a wonderful time.
A classic tale about love, friendship and surpassing the odds to find a common ground in a lonely world.
The complexities of the script, while clever, will likely fly over the heads of most within its target demographic.
The good guys are those who realize that laughter is stronger than fear. That's a message worth taking to heart these jittery days.
The excellent basic ideas have yielded too few twists and dramatic junctures to keep the picture flying at the level at which it starts.
It's funny and endearing, but its strengths are more in the 'physical' humour than in the dialogue, which isn't as rich in wit as Pixar's previous outings.
The analogy to our dependence on, say, oil is soon abandoned, the better to blur the distinction between abstract and concrete--something older viewers of this 2001 animated adventure may appreciate more than younger ones.
Brighter and more exuberant than Shrek, this would be a worthy winner of the first animation Oscar.
As witty and inspired as the company's previous animations, this magical tale benefits from its setting, Monstropolis, where monsters of ecery shape and size reside.
The balance tilts towards action and gags, and does them gloriously.
One thing counts head and shoulders above razzle-dazzle eye candy (or anything else, for that matter): the story and characters, and Monsters, Inc. introduces worthy additions to the Pixar pantheon.
An undeniably entertaining success. For children, parents, babysitters, and lovers of imagination, Pixar continues to be a godsend.
Pixar is the best studio in Hollywood.
It's like a package of your favorite snacks that you open to discover is only half full.
Monsters, Inc. is like an oasis in the middle of the desert, featuring the sort of writing [and] acting... that used to mark great movies.
Guaranteed to make you hoover up the popcorn and convince any kid that there's no need to be scared of whatever's lurking underneath the bed.
The critical nature of my personality wants to find something bad to say about it, but, uh . . . I got nothin'
With this combination of vocal talent, the colorful computer work, and sparkling script, Monsters, Inc. continues the proud tradition established by the Pixar/Disney animation cooperative.
Another humorous entry in the Pixar collection, though their overall quality seems to be slipping.
A smart script, great characters, gorgeous animation, wild colours, superb voice cast -- what's not to love?
I have no idea what the creative minds at Pixar Animation Studios do to keep themselves in touch with their inner kids, but if they could bottle it, the world would be a better place.
Monsters Inc. reminds us that studios desperately need to put the same amount of effort into live-action features that they do their animated counterparts.
This film is the pure antithesis of the ghastly Shrek, truly good-natured and visually pleasing to the eye
A visual triumph.
...love and kindness are a lot more powerful than a myriad of hatreds and dreads. I doubt that any of us outgrow our need to hear those kinds of lessons repeated.
Crafted with enough heart, skill and energy to entertain audiences of all ages.
With its imaginative concepts delightfully executed, Monsters Inc is a colourful splash of monstrous wit and charm that will send you happily into nonsense land for 92 enjoyable minutes.
A movie like Monsters, Inc. is a treasure.
This flick is absolutely fantastic from top to bottom, beginning to end!
An irresistible bear hug of a movie.
A lot like Shrek, except it doesn't suck.
a first-rate comedy, a truly exciting adventure and, when it wants to be, a touching tale of friendship. How many recent dramas can make the same claim?
We've got a cartoon that has laughs, "aahhh" moments, and warm fuzzy monsters. There are heroes to cheer for and villains to hiss at, and one adorable little girl.
Disney and Pixar have done it again. And hopefully they will again, and again, and again.
works rather well until it introduces this annoying little girl as a plot device.
Qu podemos decir de Monsters Inc.? Vanguardia en animacin con todo el aroma y calidad del sello Pixar
Triumphantly reconfirms the geniuses at Pixar as the 800-pound gorillas of modern animation and the reigning kings of family entertainment.
I don't mind flights of fancy in a film, but I do like a consistent tone. This film fails to deliver one.
A wonderfully imaginative and very funny film that shows not only another leap in technology for [Pixar] but also an impressive maturation of their storytelling abilities.
Puts playful spin on childhood legend
Staggeringly generous with its witty lines, its allusions, above all with its sheer visual spectacle.
I enjoyed it.
A hugely creative, fast-paced romp that will keep both children and their parents thoroughly entertained.
Es un pequeño paso adelante respecto de la animación por computadora, pero un gran salto en cuanto a la diversión de alto calibre.
A film that families will revisit in their living rooms many times over for many years to come.
Simply adorable!
... will undoubtedly takes its place as a classic for future generations.
The people at Pixar outdo even themselves with this high-energy action comedy.
Groundbreaking computer-animation house Pixar has created another wondrous world in Monsters, Inc.
It made me laugh, gasp in amazement, almost cry. Then it made me happy for about a week. Then I saw it again. It's that good.
A somewhat repetitive but spirited comedy-adventure.
On an artistic and creative level, "Monsters, Inc." may be the most visionary, intricate and offbeat product released by Pixar.
Monsters, Inc. breaks ground as a computer-animated feature while still remaining true to the concepts of characterization and story.
The plot premises of Monsters, Inc. strike me as downright peculiar for a supposed children's entertainment.
I hate to sound cliche, but Monsters, Inc. really is the feel-good movie of the year.
Even with all the good cheer on display, this represents the first instance in which Pixar's ability to produce a thoroughly magical experience hits a brick wall.
Witty and imaginative, Monsters, Inc. could be Pixar's best yet.
strikes a near-perfect balance between absolute hilarity and effective sentimentality
The Pixar crew is so freakin' creative I don't know how they sleep at night without their heads exploding. Maybe they are issued special helmets.
Even though the film loses some steam about midway through, the visual extravaganza is sure to keep you occupied until the breathtaking, edge-of-your-seat climax.
Pixar does not disappoint, as though anyone expected them to.
This is a pleasant, amusing and entertaining film.
A funny and frolicsome computer-animated feature that proves once and for all that laughter is a better renewable energy source than scares.
Another wonderfully warm, funny, adventurous, and fantastic looking effort from Pixar.
The chase scene through a conveyor belt full of closet doors is the highlight of the film.
Expect to have a jolly good time with a prodigiously imaginative and energetic romp.
Cute, likable, and a lot of fun.
A few weak points appear... but the only reason they stand out is because we're so used to Pixar knocking the ball out of the park.
Dazzling to look at but lacking the social message of last year's marvelous 'Chicken Run.'
It's almost beyond the point to say that this new collaboration between animation behemoths Disney and Pixar is wildly entertaining; what else could it be?
For all the film's obvious unreality, the characters seem distinctly human -- especially the monsters -- and the story is simple and compelling.
A wildly imaginative, quality family film that both children and adults will be able to enjoy equally.
If Monsters Inc. isn't the "instant classic" that the Toy Story films are, well then it's pretty damn close.
It's agreeable and often funny, and adults who take their kids to see it might be surprised to find themselves having a pretty good time.
It should be put in the dictionary to illustrate the word, "adorable."
Carries a subtle message that's chicken soup for the American psyche.
The Pixar computer animation is amazing, more than twice as complex as in Toy Story 2, and the vocals are superb...
It's basic, but man is Monsters, Inc. a load of fun.
Pound for pound, no film this year has been as genuinely witty as Monsters, Inc.
What Monsters, Inc. loses in terms of adult-driven humor, it makes up for in terms of story and charm.
Is the film as knowing and hilarious in the manner of Shrek? No, and there aren't any DreamWorks jokes, either. But it does hold on fiercely to the idea of clever, heartwarming family fun. And for that, Monsters deserves lots of good ink.
Monsters Inc is delivered with such joy and exuberance blatant plot holes are easily forgiven.
The movie runs through a seemingly endless supply of monster gags.
Supple and technologically sophisticated entertainment.
An amusing family fable.
Though the comedy is sometimes more frenetic than inspired and viewer emotions are rarely touched to any notable degree, the movie is as visually inventive as its Pixar predecessors.
Though a bit indulgent of its star power at times, Monsters is funny and sweet enough to delight kids and inventive enough to satisfy adults.
Purely realist animation could turn as flat and empty as the worst salon painting of the 19th century, but the Pixar pixies are doing something fresh and fetching, somewhere between Maxfield Parrish and classic Warner Bros.
Might have been more effective as a short. Still, I hate to quibble about so likable a movie, especially one that has one of the nicest fade-out lines in a long time -- one sure to leave you misty-eyed and with a little lump in your throat.
As with the Toy Story saga, Monsters, Inc. uses juicy digital artistry, hip savoir faire and vaudeville razzmatazz to inquire about the nature of imagination itself.
A worthy competitor to DreamWorks' Shrek for the first Best Animated Feature Oscar.
You have to hand it to those guys at Pixar. They know how to take a universal childhood experience and extrapolate it into a highly entertaining, funny and frequently touching animated film experience.
Goodman and Crystal are as memorable and lovable a comedy duo as Laurel and Hardy, Abbot and Costello, Burns and Allen or Martin and Lewis.
The new Disney-Pixar picture Monsters, Inc. will rock your world and send you home happy.
It really doesn't matter what age you are, it's delightful.
Apart from one lovely scene -- where the monsters and child climb over a moving assembly line of doors, leaping in and out of different realities -- Monsters, Inc. fails to develop the poetic richness of its metaphor.
'Polished' is the operative word; the dialogue gleams like the assembly line at Monsters, Inc.
A winner from beginning to end.
Another showcase for Pixar's ever-improving animation technology.
Monsters, Inc. just can't figure out how to elaborate on and flesh out this parallel universe in a way that stays novel. It opts for an easy plot development -- and a babyish one at that.
Monsters, Inc. is cheerful, high-energy fun, and like the other Pixar movies, has a running supply of gags and references aimed at grownups.
Its twists and turns are as unpredictable as they are delightful, and the quality of the animation simply staggering.
Skillfully done, and more than passably enjoyable.
Not that the monster puns aren't funny...
The humor is this film's redeeming quality, and it carries its burden well, plopping in slapstick and burp jokes for the kids and a scathing satire of factory workplaces to make adults giggle.
A bland, computer-animated feature.
A marvelous combination of lollipop visuals, brilliant screenwriting, sharp comedic timing and, above all, overflowing amounts of heart.
Once again, Pixar pushes the envelope on the art of computer graphics.
The film is highly entertaining, imaginative and should please adults just as much as it does kids.
Despite its relatively brief running time, Monsters lets us get to know each of its characters well enough to miss them when they're gone.
All in all, you'll have a ball.
Overflows with clever gags, stunning visuals, shrewd matching of vocal talent and animated characters.
Dazzles with humor and spectacular visuals that are worlds apart from Shrek and Atlantis.
It's really great moviemaking, even when the script grows overly familiar, which, finally, it does.
What makes Monsters, Inc. so wonderful is that it's about scream deficit, yet all great cartoons are powered by screams. It's a tribute to noise, so how can you not fall in love with it?
The mad geniuses at Pixar have once again created a unique, original and downright funny fantasy for all ages.
While Shrek had an adult sensibility, Monsters, Inc. has a more childlike quality.
Movies like Monsters, Inc. literally make you feel like a kid again, marveling at the joyously inventive sights before you, and that's a feat that should not be taken lightly.
Monsters, Inc. has its charms but can't match its predecessors' sophistication.
It's an 800-pound gorilla of a movie, and now PDI has the challenge of answering back.
Does Monsters, Inc. have what it takes to scare the 'S' outta Shrek when it comes to digital animation supremacy? Visually, yes.
This is a film to watch, to enjoy, but not to remember with warmth. Sulley and Boo remain two potentially charming characters waiting for a movie that will cherish them.
A sweet and gentle affirmation of childhood innocence.
The animation has to take a back seat because what's happening emotionally is by its very nature more engaging.
Although lacking some of the inspired magic of the Toy Story movies, Monsters boasts a crafty balance of witty humor and delicious villainy.
Scripts by committees usually become generic, but the six people credited with this story and screenplay have created a specific, unique and consistent world.
The illusion of life just gets more and more convincing in these computer-animated movies, and in Monsters, Inc., it is truly remarkable.
Though this comes from some of the same creative team as the Toy Story movies, Monsters, Inc. is aimed more at the kiddies: it's simpler, sweeter, less deeply affecting.
More a Disney flick than a Pixar production.
For most of Monsters, Inc.'s running time, I worried that it didn't have as much heart as the Toy Story films, but my worries were allayed by a final image that turns computer circuitry into an image of pure, exultant joy.
Every frame pulses with vivid color and creativity.
Adding another cinematic gem to their collective resume, Pixar proves they can make scary monsters look warm and fuzzy, and make humans feel that way, too.
Shrek is a scintilla funnier, Toy Story 2 a hair's breadth more poignant, but MI is every bit as imaginative and lovable as these other contemporary animation classics.
As giddy and antic as any great Warner Bros. cartoon of the 1930s and '40s.
It's quite good, but still....
Indeed, Monsters, Inc. has got that swing, that zippity, multilevel awareness of kids'-eye sensibilities and adult-pitched humor.
If you have young kids, Monsters, Inc. should be a holiday stop.
Every bit as sly-witted as Shrek but not nearly so self-conscious.
Speaking purely from an adult perspective, "Monsters" is real entertainment. It tickled me to tears. See it!
The best kids-of-all-ages movie of the year -- yes, even better than Shrek.
Pixar continues to dazzle.
The first half of Monsters, Inc. is one of the funnier comedies of the year.
Make no mistake that Monsters Inc. would be a fine work nonetheless, but only half the film in any other time.
It's the Pixar animators who keep grown-ups as riveted as the kids with visual marvels that dazzle and delight.
... a terrific choice for the whole family, ... [but compared to all of the previous Pixar films, it's] a bit of a disappointment.
Monsters, Inc. is hilarious, exciting, miraculous to look at and is easily one of the best films of the year.
Despite some flaws, for the most part it offers a genial, family- friendly ninety minutes' worth of amusement.
Every bit as constructively clever as it is technologically brilliant.
Turns out to be stingy on context, commentary, and the prism-ing view of pop culture that made the earlier films mint.
While it doesn't quite achieve the heights of either Toy Story film, Pixar's Monsters, Inc. is still one of the better family films you'll see all year.
Reaffirms the fact that a good animated film can be every bit as stimulating and emotionally satisfying a motion picture as a high quality live action endeavor.
The best kids' film of the year, hands down.
A witty, uncommonly intelligent and savvy journey into the world of childhood nightmares.
Better than Shrek.
Monsters Inc. is a humbling reminder of what it's like to fear, imagine and hope.
This film is no SHREK or TOY STORY 2 but it delivers some laughs, some cool-looking monsters, lots of fun for the kids and a touching ending.
Popcorn-tastic fun for kids and adults
Assuredly the funniest and most creative animated film this year.



@highlight

Clever, funny, and delightful to look at, Monsters, Inc. delivers another resounding example of how Pixar elevated the bar for modern all-ages animation.