This is one of those discomfiting films where you don't know whether to laugh or cry - Alice is self-obsessed and a bit unlikable too - and just end up feeling uncomfortable instead.
While she doesn't really humanize Alice, Wiig delivers an impressive blend of awkwardness, humor and pathos that elevates the story, even though it isn't enough to mask its flaws.
I'm not sure if Welcome to Me is one of the best films of the year so far-it genuinely might be-but it's definitely the weirdest.
Veering suddenly and wildly between sharp comedy and sharper tragedy, Shira Piven's bold indie rests almost entirely on Wiig, who offers up a fearless performance.
Wiig delivers a standout performance that manages to make Alice at once interesting, humorous, irritating and infuriating, but always successfully stops just short of making her an object of ridicule.
A funny and touching Kristen Wiig walks an acting tightrope in this dark comedy.
Wiig's depiction of a woman whose stories are apt to end with the declaration "then I went off my meds" is as disquieting as it is scarily accurate.
Ultimately, you are tempted to conclude that the film is a bit like Alice's chat show: a vanity project.
Whatever the state of your mental health, you'll want to follow Alice down the rabbit hole.
Feeling embarrassed for Alice is natural - everything you don't want her to do, she does. It's like watching your favourite sport team losing a game over and over and over.
To her great credit, Wiig manages to make Alice both engaging and annoying without ever rendering her ridiculous, lending heft to the film's portrait of her mental illness and televisual malaise.
Welcome to Me pulls it off, skittering nimbly along a tightrope between offensiveness, surreal humour and mawkishness.
You'll laugh and you'll cringe. But, like Alice's behaviour, the film is too erratic to exert any emotional grip. So cry you won't.
[A] terrific platform for Wiig's deadpan comedic skills ...
It's Wiig's show, in more ways than one.
As a mental illness narrative in particular, it feels perilously phoney.
Welcome to Me is character comedy at its finest, and most perfectly judged, as the quirky powerhouse Kristen Wiig takes on the role of a lifetime.
It's a mesmerising turn from Wiig, but the script leaves her working overtime to carry a story that doesn't delve much deeper than its initial premise.
While the film itself is a very specific property melding a few too many genres in doses rather than all together, no one can question Wiig's [and the cast's] performances.
This outrageous conceit would never work without Kristen Wiig and her correct instincts regarding such a unique character.
A challenging piece of comedy that ventures straight into the heart of darkness on the back of a giant swan, Welcome to Me deals with mental illness via the character of Alice Klieg (Kristen Wiig).
No dramatic actor could have had as much fun with the principle "crazy in the head, crazy in bed" as Wiig does here. If she were a man, she'd be getting the reviews Bradley Cooper got in Silver Linings Playbook.
It's a crying shame (not a hysterical, mentally unwell crying shame), but a crying shame nevertheless that the movie falls short. Especially given Wiig's stellar performance.
If you go for Wiig, you'll get your money's worth.
I was often impressed by its willingness to be awkward.
Wiig's wearying brand of deadpan zaniness seems to work for a lot of people, but here it's stretched to its thinnest.
A barbed satire which successfully walks a fine line between mockery and sincerity.
A sort of miracle. A black comedy about a not-well woman saving herself is a savage satire on a not-well world that doesn't realize anything's wrong.
Kristen Wiig's tour de force performance makes Alice Klieg one of her best roles to date. She proves her skill at both comedy and drama in this timely, creative dramedy.
Wiig plays her role with total commitment, fearlessness, and lack of vanity...the movie we deserve in the age of social media and cable television, a satiric child of Paddy Chayevsky's Network in its autopsy of 'vox populi' viral video...
There's not much plot here and very little in the way of character development. Alice is defined by her disorder and the screenplay isn't interested in delving into her life and relationships.
No shortage of talent here. Pity they're all underused.
Though it is shaggy and loose, Welcome to Me wants to confront us with how casually and confusingly we tend to treat mental illness, laughing in its face or vaguely romanticizing it or tightly stigmatizing it.
Welcome to Me is an unsettling comedy, and I mean that in the best possible way.
You have to respect a film that takes the risk of alienating viewers [but] the result, while fascinating, is as deeply flawed as its protagonist.
Doesn't ultimately hold together in the end, but Wiig is fantastic and so is a deep supporting cas
"Welcome to Me" has its charming, funny and sensitive moments, but it also suffers from its own form of instability.
Kristen Wiig's subdued yet physical and self-absorbed performance turns Alice into a believable character. But the movie struggles to find the comedy in Alice or the pathos in her situation.
Wiig has proven she can do drama with the best of them, with the bonus of being able to naturally inject subtle humor into her performance without it seeming out of character.
A bittersweet comedy that sometimes uncomfortably uses Alice's disorder as a comedic crutch, but generally lands with its heart in the right place, thanks largely to Wiig.
"Welcome To Me" is happy at times, sad at others, funny and shocking, and a joy to watch because it makes you feel real emotions about great characters
Wildly uneven, "Welcome to Me" comes off as a cry for help, yet the production tends to process instability as quirk, attempting to find the bright side of psychological decay.
There's not much payoff beyond the train-wreck emotional exhibitionism
It's a tricky business playing someone who is mentally ill and perhaps should be confined for observation, especially in a dark comedy. Wiig manages to make Alice funny as hell, endearing, sad and sometimes a little frightening.
Every generation gets the "Network" it deserves. For ours, obsessed with self-actualization, fame and personal branding, we get the disturbingly funny satire "Welcome To Me."
Wiig is effortlessly charming as always, despite playing a deeply disturbed narcissist.
"Welcome to Me" gets credit for avoiding the pitfall of trivializing Alice's illness (borderline personality disorder), but never gets around to saying anything all that meaningful about it, either.
This isn't funny. It's sad and disheartening and demeaning...
Alice's oddities are darkly funny but also incredibly sad, and the filmmakers tread a fine line between the two, more effectively than not.
Like the heroine it portrays, the whole thing is a curio: a queasy, unpleasant thing wrapped around a cry for help, and a self-indulgent one at that.
Wiig may still become a megastar - she's one of the leads in the upcoming "Ghostbusters" reboot and will appear in the "Zoolander" follow-up - but she'll be lucky if she ever again gets a part this good.
There's dark comedy, and then there's take-no-prisoners, dare-you-to-keep-looking dark comedy. Kristen Wiig's "Welcome to Me" falls decidedly in the latter category, making us laugh but feel deeply unsettled about doing so.
Screenwriter Eliot Laurence and director Shira Piven... [have] got the ideal star in Wiig, whose vacant gaze, frozen smile, and preternatural calm have always suggested a vast reservoir of madness.
Welcome to Me is not sure if it wants to be an uncomfortable comedy or wry drama.
The movie is small, but the actors make it seem larger, like binoculars turned around the right way.
At turns horribly funny and simply horrific, Piven's film suggests our therapeutic age has reduced us all to psychic cripples who resort to emotional exhibitionism in lieu of honest self-examination and self-expression.
A nervy, discomfiting comedy starring Kristen Wiig and a deep bench of supporting talent.
Kristen Wiig out-weirds herself as a self-obsessed talk show host.
What starts out looking like a quirky attack on magical thinking turns out to be a sustained assault on television: the way it subsumes and distorts reality (more or less artfully) into a moneymaking enterprise.
This is Wiig's show, and connoisseurs of the comedy craft will flip for her.
It's difficult to know what to feel when watching "Welcome to Me." That's a compliment.
Welcome to Me works better as a character study than a full-fledged story. Audiences will have little sense of Alice beyond what they first see.
...this film is worthy of its own celebration, at least among those who can get onto its extremely idiosyncratic wavelength.
There's an emotional nakedness to Wiig's unhinged performance as Alice Klieg, a woman with borderline personality disorder who has stopped taking her antipsychotic medication, that sometimes makes her hard to watch, even as she is in the limelight.
Highly gawkable.
Shira Piven has directed this movie with a deft but perfectly zany touch.
Alternately vulnerable and bizarre, but always endearing, the Saturday Night Live alum enjoys her best outing since Bridesmaids, here, as an anguished soul allowed, against her better judgment, to purchase a terribly-embarrassing, 15 minutes of fame.
Kristen Wiig dazzles in what may be her best performance to date - and what is certainly her trickiest - but the actress is diminished by how unexpectedly rudderless the film feels.
...hilariously wacky and touching Welcome to Me, a showcase for what Wiig can do when put front and center.
It's here that Wiig's wallflower wit finally dovetails with a lead role that has the depth to support it, as the film evolves into an exuberant cross between Synecdoche, New York and Tim and Eric Awesome Show, Great Job!
Moviegoers might be too busy enjoying themselves to realize that by the time it's over, they don't know much more about Alice's condition than they did beforehand.
It's the equivalent of tripping someone on crutches and then inviting her over for tea.
Malicious, hilarious and heartbreaking ... one of the biggest movie surprises of 2015 so far.
I'm not even sure it can be called a movie; it feels like a setup and a character in search of a story.
Irreverent but somewhat disturbing look at mental illness.
"Welcome to Me" basically lives and dies by [Wiig's] performance, and, luckily, her Alice Klieg is a carefully and cunningly crafted creation, which exposes an undercurrent of pain and sorrow beneath her often placid, pixilated state.
The most recent in a series of Wiig's depressed/repressed roles. No one's asking for a perky rom-com, but please, something different.
Though some of the jabs "Me" takes at reality TV are clever, the film, like Alice, tends to fracture at key moments. What makes it worth watching is Wiig.
By turns touching, amusing and genuinely disturbing, it defies expectations and easy categorization, forgoing obvious laughs and cheap emotional payoffs in favor of something much odder and more interesting.
Has a few funny moments, but much of this dryly squirmy humor is laced with a pall of deep sadness and concern for a protagonist who is clearly psychologically unstable.
A frolicsome comedy that gives Kristen Wiig a chance to strut her stuff.
The movie is nothing more than a labored series of skits that play like ideas from rejected TV pilots.
There are a number of obvious directions Welcome To Me could take this material, and part of what makes it so refreshing, and insightful, is that it takes none of them.
Diverting but slightly queasy fun.
There's a super-insane film inside "Welcome to Me," one that, as it happens, takes up about 80 percent of the picture. What's another 20 percent?
Welcome To Me can't quite figure out what to do with this ludicrous premise.
"Welcome to Me" is not just a character study, but a satire on how the self-centered emptiness of TV is a kind of epidemic.
It all plays more like a long, dark TV comedy sketch than an actual movie.
The movie's messy. But it's funny, pungent, and sometimes affecting.
Maddeningly indulgent, an "SNL" sketch that goes on and on...
Funny, dark, and riding a very fine line in its depiction of mental illness, it may be the best thing we could hope would emerge from the side of Wiig that gave us Gilly.
In the burnt-toast black Sundance comedy, Kristen Wiig goes dark and bipolar without losing her shield of likeability. It's a superpower to be marveled at, like the ability to carry on a long conversation without looking at one's mobile device.
The film rejects a fawning (or even particularly detailed) account of mental illness in favor of a plunge into the deep end of a bottomless ego.
The movie's idiosyncratic delights pack a wild metaphorical punch.
Kristen Wiig may well be the top communicator of dry humor in the movies today.
"Welcome to Me" plays like an elaborate origin story for one of Wiig's "Saturday Night Live" characters. It's a boldly odd movie, but odd is all it is.
...it's hard to deny that the actress sporadically delivers a far more raw and naked performance than one has come to expect.
[Wiig] has one of the balliest acting careers out there.
Kristen Wiig plays a woman with borderline personality disorder in this startlingly inspired comedy from Shira Piven.
In "Welcome to Me" we are spoiled by the comedic capabilities of Kristen Wiig, an expert doing what she does best. We wouldn't really want it any other way.

@highlight

A transfixing central performance by Kristen Wiig performance holds Welcome to Me together and compensates for its uneven stretches.