Again, Paul is a very good film, and could certainly be enjoyed by a large audience; but like Chinese food, it will likely be forgotten not long after consumption.
The jokes, while solid, didn't feel focused enough. Paul is a nerd love letter when it could have been a monument.
While paying homage to E.T. and Close Encounters, they accidentally re-made Howard The Duck.
It's raunchy but harmless
This is a nerd movie made by n00bs.
A sort of comedy homage to seminal sci-fi movie culture from the 80s, Paul never takes itself too seriously and is a lot of fun.
Passable f-bomb riddled fanboy fare, a bit of a comedown from Frost and Pegg's British movies.
Paul is probably the closest thing to Spaced that Pegg and Frost have made since Edgar Wright closed the book on Tim & Daisy.
It's not a bad film by any means, it was just slightly disappointing especially when you take into account the talents of Pegg and Frost.
Surprisingly smart and filled with homage, Paul is crass and a little rough around the edges, but thoroughly enjoyable.
Vale mucho más la pena ver (o volver a ver) alguno de los antecedentes de la dupla Simon Pegg y Nick Frost, como Shaun of the dead, Hot fuzz o la serie Spaced.
... A very funny movie with its heart in the right place.
A refreshingly rollicking, sweetly raunchy comedy about a little green dude just trying to get home.
The comic targets and the central manchildren bromance all feel overly familiar...Still, Paul benefits from Pegg and Frost's British comedic slant and the full complement of comedic talent... [Blu-ray]
Paul is slacker than the duo's previous efforts, but the gags still come thick and fast.
Pegg and Frost shoehorn in so many one-liners taken from other movies they're like embarrassing uncles at a wedding who have bet they can add a sci-fi twist to every conversation.
It's not the comedy of the year, but it counts as a fun night out at the movies.
The poster is cute, the trailer cuter. "Paul" the movie? Don't ask.
Simon Pegg and Nick Frost are two guys who know what they like and whenever they turn their hands to writing a script, you can feel that enthusiasm in every line.
Pegg and Frost have been better, but Paul is still good for a few laughs.
With so much reliable talent involved in this film it is extremely disappointing that it is only a mildly amusing comedy with a smattering of reasonably fun science-fiction references.
While not as consistently funny or sharp as their previous pairings, Paul is a heartfelt tribute to friendship, what lies beyond the stars, and being a nerd.
It is not that Paul is in any way a bad movie. It is just a very average one.
Passably funny, though one suspects even diehard sci-fi buffs will find the film's wall-to-wall pop referencing tiring and a tad lazy. Doesn't anybody write genuine jokes any more?
Paul proves that these children of science fiction have bloomed into a rotten bunch indeed.
This is a madcap ride with hilarious and occasionally touching references to many other films about aliens.
Paul isn't as riotous as the early Pegg and Frost movies, but it does have a certain sweetness. Everyone in it is sort of innocent, except Paul, the alien wisecracker. It's likeable, if uneven, rather than hilarious.
That the film is an often hilarious love letter to other, better films is what prevents it from forging its own identity like Edgar Wright's mini-masterpieces.
The film can be summed up by its affectionate parody E.T in the finale: amiable and inoffensive but completely inferior to the classic films it references.
Director Greg Mottola did not understand what makes a Simon Pegg comedy funny. And neither did Simon Pegg or co-writer Nick Frost.
It's strange in that the best material seems to have been saved for the supporting cast members.
Paul is a fun tribute to sci-fi films (and film geekery in general), but did it have to be so ... dumb?
If it's escapist fun you want, just go with Paul
It's a road movie, a buddy movie, a chase movie and a sci-fi spoof, all rolled into one hilarious madcap adventure
This is both a fitting tribute to those "my best friend is an alien/computer/talking cat/whatever" movies from the '80s and funny on its own terms, and that's two more boxes ticked than a lot of comedies manage.
Packed with references to other films instead of original jokes, this goofy comedy at least keeps us laughing all the way through. The idea itself is hilarious, and the movie's assembled with skill and energy.
This one needed more time in the oven.
Paul has a terrific concept -- an affectionate send-up of the sci-fi genre. Paul has it ups, but it also has unfortunate downs. Instead of going to the moon, it goes to Wyoming.
A fun ride through a comic twilight zone.
Even with a wee too many bladder jokes, Paul is sweet and often hilarious. . .
An amusingly absurd Close Encounters wish-fulfillment fantasy for sci-fi fans.
...elevated by the charisma of the various actors and by the enjoyably tongue-in-cheek nature of Pegg and Frost's screenplay.
It's not nearly as engaging as the many films it parodies, but it's a charming little tribute.
How strange that two of my favorite movies so far this year star little green men. 'Paul,' the latest Simon Pegg/Nick Frost movie, is a science-fiction comedy that's strictly for grownups. It's raunchy, rude and raucous.
A whole lot sillier, raunchier, and sweeter than its advertising suggests.
It is a sunny road trip comedy that had me smiling from the start, and while there are the occasional hiccups this is still as breezily a good time at the movies as I've had this year.
Paul is offensive solely for being so underachieving.
A foul-mouthed 'Mac and Me,' funnier than its mostly lukewarm reviews suggest...
... a sort of trailer-trash remake of E.T. ...
Well, that's one joke. Ninety more minutes to go.
Moderately funny, satisfying tribute to sci-fi.
Pegg and Frost tackle something more menacing than flesh-eating zombies or angry villagers: the US of A.
Paul starts strong with a lot of affectionate, funny jokes about geek culture, book signings, UFOs and comic book conventions, but it eventually falls into self-parody.
It's not perfect, but it is consistently fun.
Paul is aimed primarily at comic-book fans and cosmos-loving adults who aren't easily offended. But the phenomenal cast, funny script and solid pacing help make Paul a stellar cinematic excursion for even the most down-to-earth humans.
Paul brings back all that is consequential through an ingenious spoof of taken-for-granted sci-fi lore.
Would have been a great movie for kids but that pesky R rating gets in the way.
The film has some laughs. But it also has a million jokes about anal probes, alien genitalia, and people thinking Clive and Graeme are gay. These guys can do better than this.
This is a love letter, a very funny love letter, to science fiction films like 'Aliens' and 'E.T.'
Not Shaun, but still pretty good.
The CGI alien is very well articulated, and Rogen is a virtuoso at mixing motormouthed rudeness with a hint of tenderness to take off the edge.
It's definitely not terrible. I just expected so much more from Pegg, Frost, Mottola and a great supporting cast and subject.
Though more attuned to broader humour than the whip-smart wit and cleverness of Pegg and Frost's British comedies, Paul definitely has a loopy charm.
"Paul" might not connect with everyone, but it's certainly funny and heartfelt enough to please those brave enough to see it. It seems destined for a cult following rather than a legion of converted geeks.
"Paul" is a science fiction fan's delight, filled with references and situations reminiscent of some iconic favorites.
Paul is ultimately a sweet homage to pop culture geeks, sci-fi aficionados and anyone who came of age on a steady diet of Spielberg blockbusters.
[I]t's a sendup done with real affection and with the odd notion that those advanced aliens may be just as big a bunch of goofballs as we are.
Paul is arguably the best science fiction comedy since Galaxy Quest.
A Valentine to all things sci-fi that insiders will adore and outsiders will enjoy without feeling lost.
Paul's a road movie where the joy of hanging out with the characters is half the point, and these are characters that would be fun to revisit again and again.
This is a very good film. One imagines though that it could have been great... very great indeed.
Enthusiastically acted and sharply written. A big old lovefest in honor of the classic alien visitation movies that we all hold near and dear.
I don't know if I've laughed this hard since "Hot Fuzz".
I suppose, though, that it's the voice of Rogen that eventually becomes grating as the wise-cracking Paul.
The film's central idea isn't funny, really, at all. Neither is the plot, the dialogue, or most of the jokes.
This is not quite enough of a conceit to sustain a full-length movie -- Paul would have made a terrific short film -- but there are incidental pleasures all along the way.
A good-hearted, funny movie.
Paul is E.T. and Fanboys mixed together with a lot of pot. It has a few laughs, but I expected more from Simon Pegg and Nick Frost.
The results, it must be said, are less hi-larious than sporadically mid-to-low-larious.
Paul makes going to the movies fun again.
In the end - as well as the middle and maybe even at the outset - Paul is more often a close encounter of the middling kind.
The results are, again, not-quite-brilliant but funny enough.
The thing that differentiates their humor from a lot of others is that it's free from meanness. They are not making fun of people like Graeme and Clive but rather taking delight in their silly obsessions.
Paul has too much message and profanity - and not enough laughs to make up for either.
Beam us up, Scotty. There's no intelligent life here.
It doesn't have any of the invention of the pair's last two outings. Overall, Paul is a genial, unremarkable movie that skates by on its charm.
The "shock" humor slowly smoothes itself out and meshes into the laid-back quality of the story, helped by the sheer presence of the cast.
...drowns in geek butter; every scene is stuffed with winks, nods and Easter eggs, a cavalcade of inside jokes, including a honky-tonk band playing Mos Eisley cantina music with fiddles.
If you've ever stood outside on a cloudless night, gazed up at the stars and wondered if there was life on other planets - and if that life would be fun to do bong hits with - this is your movie.
'Paul' is more a bagful of giggles. Rogen is a nonstop hoot, but it's the byplay between Frost and Pegg that roots the laughs in characters we care about.
Infused with an appreciation of all things sci-fi ... specifically, all things Steven Spielberg
Not on the level of SHAUN OF THE DEAD, or HOT FUZZ, but PAUL is still a whole lot of fun. Kristen Wiig makes an inspired addition to the Pegg/Frost team.
What really pushes Paul into the stratosphere is the level of charm and chemistry between its cast members.
A reference-laden road trip/chase yukfest that doesn't quite capture that same Spaced magic but is eventually just so likable it is hard to knock its flaws too much.
The result is profane, surprisingly affectionate, often scathingly funny and occasionally inspired.
It's more than occasionally cute, if less than consistently clever.
What has happened to Pegg? Why does he mug so? Why can't he relax and let the audience come to him, rather than auditioning for our affection with every reaction shot?
Set your humor-detection capacitors for moderate to above-average intake levels. I haven't laughed this much since maybe last Monday, but that was a particularly strong Monday.
A celebration of geek culture and silliness that vacillates between lowest common denominator and rewards for those who spend too much time enamored with Star Wars.
An uneven but amiable road trip sci-fi comedy about an alien with sly references to everything from "Star Trek" and "2001" to "Alien" and "Battlestar Gallactica."
How could so many talented people collaborate on something so dull?
A film that is entertaining enough to warrant seeing but one that will pretty much fade from your memory by the time you get home from the theatre.
It all launches an E.T. riff that the two Brits would have mocked in their seminal TV series, Spaced.
While not a breakthrough on the level of Shaun Of The Dead or Hot Fuzz, writer/stars Simon Pegg and Nick Frost's Paul features an appealingly oddball premise.
A movie that knows exactly what it is and never tries to overreach. This is an unapologetic goofball romp, nothing more, nothing less
While Frost is particularly well-cast, most of the actors seem to be having fun. You will, too, as long as you arrive with lowered expectations.
I'd recommend it, but I'd also recommend going in with medium-ish expectations.
Here's a movie that teeters on the edge of being really pretty good and loses its way.
More in love with its ability to quote an assortment of science-fiction works than to actually find a comic niche of its own.
Let's just say that if you have any love for science fiction and fantasy films from the past 40 years you'll certainly enjoy the film.
It's vaguely pleasant and never offensive, but also predominately blah.
Simon Pegg and Nick Frost have proven once again that there is no genre outside their enviable range or comedic abilities.
I wanted to love Paul, but found myself feeling merely infatuated with it instead.
A solid action comedy featuring a standout performance from Seth Rogen [that] will make you wonder how much better it might have been with frequent collaborator Edgar Wright in charge.
What makes the film largely work, despite its occasional slackness and over-trodden terrain, is its overall affability (and smutty words).
An agreeable comedy that is likely to be over-inflated to masterpiece status by fanboys.
Most of the laughs in "Paul" are those of recognition ('Get away from her you b*%$,' Gertie's Cafe, Devil' Tower, Star Wars cantina music etc.) than true humor.
This is a well-made, well-plotted and sensitive movie.
After the sharp bite and harsh light of most American-style guy-based funny films today, "Paul" comes as such sweet relief.
It's not out of this world, but Paul is just spacey enough to convince us the truth is out there. And buzzed.
[Pegg and Frost'] successes seem to have functioned as a supermagnet, attracting not only the skilled comedy director Greg Mottola but a supporting cast that could sustain two or three movies on its own.
Think of Paul as a love letter to fanboys, especially the variety that knows the standards well enough to hoot along every time a sci-fi hit rings up a reference.
Almost every good moment in the film is sandwiched between two bits that aren't nearly as well built.
Most of it crash-lands.
"Paul" embraces sci-fi culture with gleeful abandon. Anybody who catches its "Mac and Me" reference earned their laughter years ago.
"Paul" gets messy in places and is a bit overlong, but overall it's great fun; so much so that you wonder why the makers of dreary Hollywood comedies don't take a look at this and realize that yes, you can make a funny movie without gross-out humor.
Because of the lethargic pace, cheeky jokes become positively jowly. And the easy lampoons of rednecks and bible thumpers beg to be called "Close Encounters of the secondhand."
What could have been a keen, witty take on alien-visitation tropes becomes a noisy, strained buddy movie with more lows than highs.
Missteps aside, there are lots of good ideas packed into the movie.
Not bad, but certainly not good; classify the movie as lazy fun.
The movie's not bad, but in tone, it's a goofy, laid-back B movie, and you should adjust expectations accordingly.
Paul is a little sloppy and a little sappy, but the filmmakers' passion for their subject matter carries it over the occasional rough spot.
Never achieves the exhilarating feat of exemplifying the types of Hollywood movies it wants to unpack. The airline's lost their luggage.
if there are chuckles to be had along the way, they're the asthmatic, superior kind that Comic Book Guy on "The Simpsons" enjoys.
There's simply no cure for the fundamental laziness behind "Paul," which amounts to a recycling program for tired gags about nerds, gays, nervous-nelly Brits, dumbass Yanks and little green men.
a bit of a tepid sci-fi comedy
A simple, entertaining road-trip movie that doesn't ask us to do much more than strap in and enjoy the trip.
Paul is an irresistible creature thanks to Rogen's deadpan delivery. This pleasant film is more clever than funny, referring to old alien films instead of joking about them.
In its efforts to please those nerds, Hollywood may actually be selling them short with films that have little of the ingenuity that used to be the lifeblood of genre moviemaking.
What's funniest about Paul however, is that each of its characters is stunned out of their complacency, right down to a humorous and touching revelation in the climax.
Somewhere between high concept and lowbrow humor, "Paul" hits the sweet spot of a genuine heart.
Gags and lines are clunky, but the majority of the picture creates a swirling sense of sci-fi devotion, conveyed with a heartfelt tone that makes Paul feel like an elaborate inside joke most audiences should be able to enjoy.
Watching Paul makes you wonder whether Edgar Wright wasn't the one who kicked Simon Pegg and Nick Frost's previous films up the notch needed to give them their bite.
An alien encounter would be memorable; Paul is forgotten before you get to the car.
A celebration of sci-fi flicks, fanboys and good, old-fashioned bromance, "Paul" is a thoroughly enjoyable road trip.
Comedies this well put together are the exception, not the rule, and when one comes along with a troupe who pull as many comedic chains as this one does I, for one, stand and applaud it--once my mirth subsides.
A frolicsome comedy in which two Englishmen encounter a smart, witty, and gifted extraterrestrial on their pilgrimage to famous UFO sites in America.
Finds its own shambling, syncopated rhythm.
The humor is generally in well-traveled terrain with a generous helping of penis jokes, but somehow having it coming out of the mouth of a little green man makes it fresh and ironic.
What's frustrating is how consistently the film waffles between the inspired and the inept.
its niche specificity celebrates geek culture in a way that it seems like few mainstream viewers will identify with, unfortunately overshadowing what is an otherwise imperfect but funny and genuinely sweet story.
Paul is like all those comedies I used to like, the kind where they were just plain good.
A sweet, likable little movie that allows its supporting cast to outshine the stars.
That's not to dismiss Paul's simple pleasures -- if nothing else, its fondness for sex and drugs and four-letter words rescues its references from the soft hands of wee ones into which they've fallen of late.
While not as cohesive as Simon Pegg and Nick Frost's previous genre riffs, this rambling alien road comedy has its own loose, enjoyable vibe.
What happened here?
Nostalgia is both an advantage and disadvantage in Greg Mottola's Paul, a loving lampoon of geek culture and an homage to the films of the Spielberg/Lucas revolution.
Geek is its own language, and Paul speaks it fluently.
Unlike the movies its creators love and are paying homage to here, Paul is one big goof.
It's a good thing Paul was written from a place of love, as it is absolutely the death knell for geek chic.
It's C-minus work from people who normally deliver A-level efforts.
The innate in-ness has a tendency to tip over into self-indulgence, but at other times it's easy to get swept up in what is essentially a pretty amiable road trip comedy.
An intergalactic grossout road movie subverting the sci-fi genre, and reimagined as an alien voyage into the extreme nuttiness of Middle America. And where Paul seems to be the only sensible fugitive on board, in a sea of mutually terrifying earthlings.
Nearly everyone involved in Paul has been part of some kind of comedic masterpiece, which may be why I can't help wishing this perfectly good movie had gotten a little closer to being great.
The film delivers laughs and heart and some strong ideas and energy...
Having so much talent involved in making a comedy that's not particularly funny is quite disappointing.
[F]unny. And sweet. And fearless, in small ways that wouldn't stand out if most mainstream movies weren't so damned cowardly in so many big ways. It's a total nerd fantasy...
A disappointment from start to finish, Greg Mottola's alien spoof comedy is dead on arrival.
Sure it's clever, but clever never actually amounts to laughter...
Part bromance, part sci-fi spoof and all a bit disappointing.
Next to Shaun of the Dead and Hot Fuzz, Paul does feel flat, although Pegg and Frost paper over the cracks with nods and winks to classic fantasy and sci-fi films.
There is quite a bit to chuckle at if you have a more sophisticated sense of humour, but this film really is E.T. remade for not-quite-grown-ups.
It might not quite hit the high notes of Shaun Of The Dead and Hot Fuzz, but their many dedicated fans will find plenty of satisfying laughs in Pegg and Frost's latest.
Pegg and Frost shouldn't be wasting their combined talents on such disposable fare.
A lazy piece of geeksploitation cinema designed to buttress the Pegg/Frost brand Stateside with Comic Con-courting clichés and groan-inducing movie references.
Packed with sci-fi in-jokes, the picture is more gently amusing than hilarious and the characters, while likeable, are hardly the most fascinating or complex.
Pro-evolution debate aside for now, which is "kind of a buzz kill", on the whole, Paul beams feel-good fun, cheekiness and carefree spirit.
An affectionate comic pastiche of ET-type science fiction pictures.
Broader and more accessible than either Shaun Of The Dead or Hot Fuzz, Paul is pure Pegg and Frost - clever, cheeky and very, very funny.
Get a load of this: Paul smokes marijuana cigarettes, has jumbo-sized naughty bits and keeps making jokes about probing bums! Goodness gracious me. Pass the smelling salts, Aunt Jemima.
Fondly indulgent rather than inspired, breezy but broad and indicative of treasured talents coasting.
The writing skill of Edgar Wright of Hot Fuzz and Shaun is badly missed. It isn't a failure, but it's by no means a success.
That rarest of specimens: a genuinely funny geek-friendly comedy.
From time to time, clever ideas rear their heads, but they soon return to the film's default setting of laddish japes.
It doesn't have the same charm as Shaun and Fuzz but this is one of the funniest films in ages and is hugely entertaining.
The problem is self-indulgence and a distinct shortage of real gags.
Its funniest single line is a reference to the incest documentary Capturing the Friedmans. If nothing in that last sentence makes any sense to you, stay well away.
Although there are laughs along the way and Pegg and Frost have an easy on-screen camaraderie, there's a smugness that prevents them from achieving their potential.
Although Superbad's Greg Mottola doesn't have the firm directorial grip of the pair's usual collaborator, Edgar Wright, for the most part this is a far-out, funny ride.
Smart and savvy.
An enjoyable, well written sci-fi comedy that's packed with great gags, geek-pleasing film references and a host of terrific performances from a talented comic cast.
Simon Pegg and Nick Frost in a faltering extraterrestrial knockabout.
There are plenty of giggly gags but also a hint of diminishing returns.
This isn't one for the ages, but it'll do for a Saturday night.
The bromance between Pegg and Frost is still as strong as ever, and Kristen Wiig steals the show with her turn as a religious fanatic freed from her fundamentalist shackles.
A sci-fi spoof for everyone with funny encounters that will require close attention.
A decent take on the usual Pegg/Frost bromance, and a welcome return to the level of geekery that plays to their strengths, Paul entertains without excelling.
The hiccups of comedy genius feel like hollow victories in a generally average film.
Though it's not on a par with Simon Pegg and Nick Frost's best work, it's hard to imagine anybody not enjoying it.


@highlight

It doesn't measure up to Pegg and Frost's best work, but Paul is an amiably entertaining -- albeit uneven -- road trip comedy with an intergalactic twist.