This smart, informative and lively polemic makes a strong case for viewing the corporation--which enjoys the legal status of an individual--as a psychopath run amok.
Eye-opening docu on corporate power is timely, provocative.
The 150-year old legal construct of the corporation, as a "person," is dissected for all to see how its lack of accountability has enabled the faulty model to become a ruling institution, acting beyond the reach of any government.
As a clever joke, the filmmakers run down a list of the traits of a psychopath and find a corporate action to match each one. Diagnosis: psychopath. It's cute, but it's a logical fallacy.
An impressive array of interviewees, from Michael Moore to Milton Friedman, give their take on modern capitalism.
The undercurrent of this exhaustive critique is really all about good and evil, and in what ways often sordid human history is determined, not as a product of malice, but by the most typical people who could care less.
It's the Lord of the Rings of modern documentaries: epic, vivid, wise, well-paced, expansive%u2014the kind of movie that makes you want to do more with your life.
One of those necessary films that we have to see for our own health.
The Corporation is overlong, yes, and opinionated, true. But it's also fine journalism.
In our current polarized cultural climate, it seems there are fewer and fewer people for whom The Corporation is a wake up call.
[A]ngry, bitter, but frequently funny, funky, and mesmerizing in-your-face documentary... [A] triumphantly muckracking film...
Abrangente, jornalisticamente impecável, inteligente, complexo e socialmente responsável - mas também repetitivo e mais longo do que o ideal.
It's enough to bring out the rebel in even the most loyal executive.
If we stick with it, we're rewarded with a terrifying portrait of the global economic and political system and a strong sense of moral responsibility.
Compulsively involving
A history lesson, a warning shot and damning personality profile, all backed up with expert interviews.
Its intent and message are dead on, but The Corporation just doesn't work that well as a film.
A smart and scary film.
A must-see that exposes the increasing interconnection of business, politics and 'every living system of Earth'...
A very provocative film which comes off as dull, repetitive and way too long.
Carries a powerful, albeit not new, message. It is frightening.
Far too often, watching The Corporation is like watching someone deliver a lengthy book report, with constant repetition of themes and an unfortunate tendency to state the obvious.
There's at least one great hour of filmmaking in The Corporation.
Utterly fascinating, an exhaustive and engaging study of business as it has evolved since the Civil War.
A polemic that's alternately depressing, enlightening and alarming, but it's also unwieldy and unfocused.
The rare movie that sets out to alter the audience's consciousness -- and succeeds.
This documentary's extra-long running time and a narrator who sounds like a sedated Star Trek computer won't win many converts.
Corporations are out to get you, and you need to be afraid. You need to lock your back door at night and keep a gun under your pillow.
A staggering number of interviews and piles of footage both stock and new provide insight and provoke thought, and the whole thing's pretty darn entertaining, too.
This is all rigorous, challenging stuff.
The most fascinating interviews are the ones that make you scratch your head and ask, 'How do these people sleep at night?'
The film deserves to be seen, and its concepts deserve to be discussed in an open forum.
It's like a company that diversifies into so many different product lines that it forgets what its core mission is.
Even at 145 minutes, it doesn't feel long; the topic stays interesting all the way through
Well-rounded and fair, yet its core arguments are so strong that it inspires responsible and immediate activism.
Equal parts documentary, PowerPoint presentation and old-school classroom lecture about how the business of making money for a small group of stockholders comes at the expense of a big group of stakeholders -- otherwise known as the rest of us.
This is a movie that will make you think.
Achbar and Abbott would have had a first-rate film had they stuck with their conceit -- corporations as inmates running the asylum -- but they dilute their case in an attempt to make it irrefutable.
An important documentary, if only for putting so many convincing voices together in one place and providing a coherent argument that the way things are isn't the way they have to be.
Sharp-witted, infuriating and at times depressing.
If not a call to arms, The Corporation amounts to a manifesto against the growing power of global capitalism
a sharp satirical edge
Even if you don't entirely buy into the argument, you should agree that it's one we're fortunate to have put into the marketplace of ideas in so cogent and effective a form.
Laid out like the lesson plan for a demented version of Big Business 101, but don't discount this film as merely academic or boring, because it's informative and entertaining.
The information is there, it is important, and The Corporation gets it across in mostly engaging style.
A highly entertaining and instructive look at a subject that's rarely discussed in detail.
Very well informed about the legal origins of corporations and their current near omnipotence.
A must-see for anyone concerned with holding corporations accountable for their actions. In a just world, it would be required viewing for any aspiring CEO.
Snappy and visually spry, with a treasure trove of vintage instructional and industrial film clips, this is an urgent, overlong (more than two hours) work that delivers a timely message about the times in which we live.
Its hefty length and dizzying flurry of stories might overwhelm but sticking with it will reward the curious.
Provocative, unsettling and punishingly over-long, it just might be the scariest horror movie of the year.
Everybody's Business: The Corporation unfolds a stunning catalog of corporate perfidy that will surprise all but the most informed viewer
The idea we exist in an era when the corporation has subsumed the government is compelling.
If you care about the environment, workers' rights, your own health and your children's future, you need to see this film.
This is another unhelpful screed, uncontaminated by sense or perspective, that preaches loudly to the choir.
An anti-corporate but nonetheless informative primer/polemic on the evolution of the corporation.
An impassioned polemic, filled with information sure to break up any dinner-table conversation.
At its most effective, the movie is a chastening, sobering, and thorough work of film journalism, however shortsighted.
Brilliantly put together and manages to convey an enormous amount of information in a clear and lucid manner.
Given the film's premise, an examination of public relations and marketing is to be expected.
A movie that is fascinating and frustrating in about equal measures.
If the filmmakers show a bias (and they do), it doesn't negate their central argument: For better or worse, the trends of global capitalism have changed -- and continue to change -- society as we know it.
It is an antidote to apathy, communicating a guarded sense of optimism about the ability of real people to hold corporations to account for their misdeeds.
It's a movie so chock full of information, so dense with context and analysis that it will keep you thinking and reacting, no matter what your bent or slant -- and no matter where you stand on the world-wide corporate ladder.
Vivid, informative, depressing and galvanizing all at the same time, The Corporation is a bombshell documentary... that leaves your mind a crazy jumble after viewing.
...engaging in the best sense of the word.
suffers only from an overabundance of ideas
Sprawling, grim and darkly comic.
Cool yet scathing.
Like Michael Moore (though with a sight more technical and theoretical sophistication), the filmmakers are pretty nimble at filling the screen with snappy graphics and canny editing to keep you alert and amused.
Over the course of almost two and a half fascinating hours, they make a cogent, compelling, powerful argument, and they also make a terrific movie.
Fast-paced and gripping film that should convert the most apathetic into anticorporate warriors.
Mark Achbar, Jennifer Abbott and Joel Bakan have crafted an informative, amusing and unnerving overview of the history and consequences of corporations.
If the movie had stuck to its initial thesis ... it would be a great film. Unfortunately it's merely a good one, as it goes off on various tangents and falls in love with its own rhetoric.
Some thorough research, a clear presentation and a nice knit with America's ongoing corporate scandals should prod uninformed viewers to think more deeply about the role of big business in the world.
A clever, quietly passionate and sweeping documentary.
A dense, complicated and thought-provoking film, but it simplifies its title character.
There's no danger of falling asleep in this lecture.
Acerbic, sardonically illuminating.
A surprisingly cogent, entertaining, even rabble-rousing indictment of perhaps the most influential institutional model for our era.
If corporations are protected under the law as living, breathing people, then this enthralling Canadian documentary sets out to tell us what kind of people they are.
A leisurely, never boring, grimly amusing, and not entirely hopeless disquisition on the contemporary world's 'dominant institution.'
One of the must-see documentaries of the new century.
It is most fascinating -- and also infuriating and frustrating.
Running 145 minutes, the film barely has enough time to get its main points in, and it could have gone on much longer and still remained fascinating.
A film as multifaceted and monolithic as its subject.
Delivers its message with a one-two punch.
Since I've seen The Corporation, not a day has gone by that I haven't thought of one of the film's lessons.
Both exhausting and exhaustive, this epic investigation looks at the trans-national behemoths that dominate the globe in ways the old robber barons never dreamed of and the impact of their rapacious appetites on the way we live.
It's coolheaded and incisive, a thorough and informative study of corporations, their origins and their place in the modern world.
For all its hysterical bleating about the pervasive evils of corporate control, The Corporation is itself a conformist piece of propaganda that has its own corporate mindset.
Canadian doc is a great look at the business of being a business -- even if it's a smidge overlong and made to confirm more than convert.
The Corporation is an act of intentional provocation that manages to be both enormously entertaining and an affront to the business titans who bestride the bottom line.
The Corporation is a hard-hitting, innovative and thought-provoking documentary about a beast that has grown too powerful and too dangerous to ignore any longer.
more than just another anti-corporate screed. . .a cautionary work [that informs] its audience as well as getting its collective blood up in a fit of righteous indignation
Covers too many corporate evils to be anything more than superficial.
The Corporation is another strike against suits, board room meetings and the brands and chain stores we know we should hate but we use anyways.
A powerful documentary that needs to be seen by the most people possible.
Powerful, infuriating, and ultimately sobering.
A documentary with big answers.
This well-organized and well-crafted film is a crucial social document.
Compelling, comprehensive and unsettling account of the rise and impact of the world's most powerful contemporary human institution.
When they focus on a single story long enough to convey it with some depth -- as in the section on a Bolivian water-privatization crisis -- The Corporation is a vital piece of agitprop.









@highlight

The Corporation is a satisfyingly dense, thought-provoking rebuttal to some of capitalism's central arguments.