There is a bulky bundle of sports movie cliches to sort through here if you do intend to follow the rise of wizardly soccer winger Santiago Munez (Kuno Becker)...
Director Danny Cannon ("I Still Know What You Did Last Summer") captures every bit of Kuno Becker's star quality although the committee-written script remains slack.
It is constructed of sports movie clichés but built on an unshakable foundation of earnestness.
...engaging and fun to watch, thanks mainly to Kuno Becker in the title role (he's such a nice kid, we can't help but root for him).
The action on the field won't be enough to sate the most soccer-crazed viewers.
The combination of button-pushing uplift, sundry sweeping helicopter shots and a bombastic score that sounds like it came on a free transfer from a Tony Scott movie proves as resistibly synthetic as the CGI-enhanced heroics on the pitch.
A predictable mishmash of sports underdog cliches with a domestic release timed to capitalize on anticipation for the World Cup. Accordingly, expect plenty of elbow room at the local multiplex.
Everything here is beyond predictable.
The script is about as solid as a penalty kick with a deflated ball.
A soccer-themed soap-opera that misses the net as an insipid, if inspirational, underdog tale.
Each obstacle is brought up and then dealt with in such a rushed and perfunctory manner that you wonder they even bothered to introduce them in the first place.
... loses points for its disjointed script and fumbled field photography.
There isn't one three-dimensional character or convincing line of dialogue, and the plot is simple-minded to the point of imbecility.
Goal! is filled with cringe-inducing scenes we've seen before many, many times.
Heck, we even call soccer by another name, christening it football even though foot actually seems to touch ball maybe a dozen times a match, if that.
While the movie is a thoroughly generic sports movie, there's no denying that it works as a rousing example of the genre.
The father-son tension comes to a head when -- as must happen in an inspirational sports drama -- Santiago gets his big chance.
... it is good and caring work, with more human detail than we expect.
In the end, I can't think of a movie that matters less than Just My Luck. It's just negligible.
Predictable Goal! The Dream Begins may not be the stuff of everyone's reveries, but the film is capably acted and somewhat inspiring.
It all turns out to be a modest success because of its cliches rather than in spite of them.
No matter where the film carries you, it always gets back to the love of the game.
The best American-made sports film since Miracle.
A movie iconizing a sportsman for his improvisatory flair should not be so boxed in by pat devices.
Utterly predictable from the first frame, but nevertheless, a real crowd pleaser.
Disney goes to the sports-movie-formula well once too often with Goal! The Dream Begins, which is essentially The Rookie or The Greatest Game Ever Played on a soccer pitch.
There's enough realism to keep a soccer buff like me happy, but the film is aimed at the young at heart, and I think they'll love it.
It's hard to make Bend It Like Beckham look like high drama, but this movie almost manages.
The pro-soccer circuit is convincingly portrayed, and at its best moments the dialogue is as bright as Newcastle's skies aren't.
Danny Cannon's Goal! The Dream Begins is a sports movie for people who may not care about sports but can't resist a heart-tugging underdog story.
Goal! is right up there with the terrific Akeelah and the Bee (another underdog now in theaters) in the way it draws you in and keeps you rooting for its lower class but highly talented hero.
Emotionally, Goal! doesn't score any points.
The soccer drama Goal! The Dream Begins is so formulaic and rambling that you can't help but get a little tired of it less than an hour in.
There's plenty of fat to cut from Goal!, which would have been a stronger story at a lean, mean 90 minutes.
For all its familiar ticks -- of which there are many -- Goal! works some underdog magic in taking aspiring footballer Santiago Munez from Mexico to Los Angeles and then across the big pond to Newcastle, England.
Enough sports cliches to fill a soccer field make Goal! The Dream Begins stumble.
There's no question that Becker's charisma and impeccable good looks play a part, but it's director Danny Cannon's sleek and sexy stylization that really works to pump up the sport's sizzle factor.
Handsomely shot and with a likable lead in Kuno Becker, it also suffers from a script so outrageously generic you could buy it at Costco.
Goal! is dippy and predictable, and it never once surprises.
It's more exciting on the field of play than off, but when he shoots, he scores... and we're the winners.
Still works reasonably well in spite of itself, mostly due to the damnable reliability of these clichés when they're put across with enough skill and conviction.
Backed by Dillane's hangdog wistfulness, Becker's performance is earnest enough to win us over.
But other than a flicker of something interesting in the performance of Alessandro Nivola as a hard-partying star player there is always something distant and antiseptic about it all.
The film is a bit of a cheat.
Obvious...All [but soccer fanatics] can pass on Goal! The Dream Begins and make plans now to avoid its two upcoming sequels.
At the end ... you'll be buried by that big ball of cliches, wondering how the movie squandered its potential, its viewers' faith in the story, and all of its credibility.
predictable, but a likable and uplifting film.
It's a very nice movie, completely harmless but completely useless, too.
If you've ever seen another sports movie, you've seen Goal!
...embraces its feel-good cliches with an enthusiasm that's embarrassing.
Goal! The Dream Begins follows a young Mexican soccer whiz from Los Angeles to England and a tryout with Newcastle United.
Even though Goal! takes its own sweet time getting there, the story of Santiago Munez (played by Spanish-language TV star Kuno Becker) finally arrives at the heartwarming uplift to which all sports movies are required to aspire.
Goal seems destined to be an ongoing soccer-themed soap opera, but it's one that only the game's biggest enthusiasts likely will find compelling.
Goal! The Dream Begins (the title makes one think that a sequel is pondered) is well produced and crafted but shackled by the routine story that has no surprises
...as if we haven't seen every twist and turn in "Goal!" a hundred times before in other movies, Goal! itself is pleased to repeat things two or three times for our benefit.
Aside from a flirtation with the hot-button immigration issue, this inspirational movie about an underdog soccer player from tough East Los Angeles is pretty standard stuff.
The story of a single-minded young man whose dream of making it on the international stage of soccer comes true thanks to the enthusiasm of others.
Hard to ignore the cliches and the in-your-face uplift. But the details, gritty and otherwise, feel right.
Goal! The Dream Begins is an inspirational sports movie, but I liked it anyway.
By the final whistle you end up feeling as battered by the banalities as some of the on-screen players are by the nasty hits they endure on the field.
The movie is hokey, predictable and not original in any way, but darned if it doesn't slash through your defenses like a David Beckham corner kick.
The movie is variously a dewy plea for tolerance, a sporting Cinderella story, a father/ son reconciliation drama and a 'will success spoil Rock Hunter?' cautionary tale. In other words, it's four movies you didn't especially need to see again.
Mandatory viewing for anyone who's able to spell Zinedine Zidane on the first try, and an essentially painless two hours for anyone else who gets dragged along.
Sometimes the first movie in a trilogy isn't that good, but it fails just nobly enough to still make you curious enough to maybe see the sequels.
This young footballer had more people pushing for him and more hand-given opportunities for stardom than Ben Affleck.
For an inspirational story set in the world of soccer, you could do a heck of a lot worse.
With any luck its sequels will fail to garner a stateside release due to that most dependable of domestic attitudes: American apathy toward soccer.
This isn't just a great soccer movie; it's a great movie, period.
A slickly mounted slice of can-do nonsense set in the world of British soccer.
No points for originality, but Goal! scores three valuable stars for its warmth and wit.
Uma goleada de clichês e estereótipos em um roteiro espetacularmente ruim.
Enjoyable in parts, there are simply too many implausibilities, too many predictable outcomes and the film never fulfils its promise. But get ready to hear more about Mexican television heartthrob Kuno Becker...
Con un ritmo que nunca decae, un sólido elenco, una emocionante banda sonora y un mensaje de amistad y superación personal, es sencillamente inolvidable.
Complaciente...cierto; pero culpablemente emocionante e inspiradora. Una cinta sólo para quienes aman el fútbol soccer.
A cliche-a-minute howler.
As the opening chapter of a franchise it's somewhat disappointing.
Where Goal! really scores, however, is in the impressive football sequences, with shots from Premiership games cleverly spliced together with footage of the actors filmed in close-up.
Hardly a winner, but far from a bore draw.
Fortunately, the direction and performances are good enough to get us through the progressively hackneyed storyline.




@highlight

Impressive sports action sequences are the highlight, as the run-of the-mill story invokes every known sports movie cliche.