Brit comedy is more warm and quirky than kinky.
The film falls short of its initially obvious dramatic goals due to the shallow depths that screenwriters Geoff Deane and Tim Firth take their characters.
What Kinky Boots has going for it is a terrific performance from Chiwetel Ejiofor as Lola, who serves as the emotional heart of the film.
It's cheerful, predictable and far from edgy, but buoyed by a likable cast and a standout performance by the versatile Chiwetel Ejiofor.
Kinky Boots stands out for 3 reasons: 1. It's inspired by a true story. 2. It's about what it really means to be a man AND the power of fabulousness. 3. It has the formidable Chiwetel Ejiofor in drag, singing!
A tepid crowd-pleasing Brit comedy/drama that offers nothing fresh.
...never quite as tedious as one might've expected...
Kinky Boots is so loveable and its characters so charming, it may have you forgetting how much of it is firmly rooted in stereotype and cliché.
Overall, it's breezy, forgettable fluff, but 'kinky'? Obviously, the term is relative.
The cast of eccentrics is endearing, and the lessons of acceptance slide down easily with minimal emotional manipulation.
It's Ejiofor who takes the film from the realm of good into something verging on greatness.
...If you've seen The Full Monty (or Waking Ned Devine or Calendar Girls or Billy Elliot) then this film's surprises will be few and far between, although no less pleasant for it.
Kinky Boots is a rare and unassuming tale about everyday folk, or shall I say blokes, who climb out of their comfort zones to change their lives for the better without the help of Richard Simmons or Tony Robbins.
You'll giggle and laugh and never look at those things on your feet the same way again.
The betrayals, reconciliations and revelations are forced on us with clockwork precision, and no cliche goes unexplored.
Another 'naughty' British comedy for audiences who love 'Are You Being Served?' but don't want to know whether Mr. Humphries is really supposed to be gay.
A marginal Britcom.
It's a predictable and preachy stab at a comedy with heart, and its subversive silliness is eclipsed by an overwrought humanity.
It's a feel-good movie that happens to dress in drag.
Oh, do come in, love -- welcome to the Twee Brit Comedy Factory.
First-time director Julian Jarrold brings to Kinky Boots the dry humor and blue-collar insight that we expect from England's legendary Ealing Studios -- and that's high praise, indeed.
Though screenwriters Tim Firth and Geoffe Dean worked from fact, director Julian Jarrold makes everything feel much more contrived than fiction.
The brilliant Ejiofor (Dirty Pretty Things, Serenity) is fabulous as the outrageous Lola.
There's nothing remarkable about Kinky Boots, and only Ejiofor's spectacular performance makes it worth a trip to the theater. But that's enough.
This is a sharp, smart and heart-warming film.
The only surprises come from Ejiofor, who invests Lola with more depth than his eye shadow and miniskirts would otherwise suggest.
Chiwetel Ejiofor dishes out another magnetic performance despite a storyline that wavers from innovative to obvious.
It's what's fresh that saves the film, namely Chiwetel Ejiofor.
Jarrold's film reportedly is based on fact, but that doesn't stop it from seeming pretty preposterous.
There's no denying that some audience members are likely to find this predictable silliness amusing. And the cast certainly seems to be buying into it.
Ejiofor's unbridled confidence sells the character and makes the movie.
Ejiofor sure can sashay and belt out a show-stopping number, but Kinky Boots is too busy putting on its heels to kick 'em off and boogie.
It's the acting of an earnest and capable cast that overcomes a weak screenplay with irresistible charm and surprising poignancy.
It may be very Prince Charming, but it's a story that's definitively old.
It's difficult to tell if Lola is the only interesting character because he's written that way, or because the actor is so clearly in a class above the rest.
Rich in spunk, humor, dignity, subtle emotions when needed, and dressed to kill when belting songs like "I Want to Be Evil" in a meaty, gal-guy voice, Ejiofor amps and vamps the contrivances appealingly.
Ejiofor's latest, Kinky Boots, may not enshrine itself in the halls of movie greatness, but it proves that this versatile British actor can do nearly anything.
Don't let the title toss you. The accent on this charmer about a shoe-factory owner who finds a muse of economic recovery in a drag queen rests on the boots more than the kinks.
Kinky Boots sounds like some kind of fetish fantasy, but it's actually a good-natured and rather sweet British comedy that charmingly touches on issues of manhood and friendship.
The story's beats and developments are a little too familiar, though quirky wit and a genuine warmth make getting from one to the next a pleasure.
The movie is a bit of all right, as they say down at the Nob & Gobbler.
Gradually, boots and transvestite jokes become window dressing for a more touching story about the bond between Lola/Simon, a disowned son, and Charlie.
Alas, a great deal of rather obvious dramatic hoo-ha has been added in an attempt to embellish the material for the big screen.
It's all fairly predictable, but it's pleasant.
[Ejiofor] gives us the real kinky; everything else here is just an assembly-line boot.
Lola, at least the way Ejiofor plays her, has a sad story she's eager to tell. The movie never entirely figures out what to do with this.
Doesn't pack any big surprises, but does leave you with a smile on your face.
It would be nice to be able to report that Kinky Boots is a kick in the pants. But this conventional, manipulative British import feels like a re-soled pair of shoes that unquestionably have seen their day.
Director Julian Jarrold and screenwriters Geoff Deane and Tim Firth trade in hackneyed dualities.
Strives to be nothing more than a sweetheart of a little comedy with a big human heart and some genuinely funny moments. And in that, it succeeds.
Quite enjoyable, effortlessly well-done on every level, even moving at times, but relatively light weight.
Kinky Boots has a message (as Lola puts it, 'Change your mind about someone'), but its characters don't seem guided by the movie's desire to teach us something.
For all its purported vampy pleasures, Kinky Boots is a wobbly, overwrought comedy.
With Kinky Boots, we find ourselves watching another one of those British comedies in which unconventional sex is surrounded by a conventional story.
Kinky Boots would be little but a gender-bending retread of The Full Monty if it weren't for Ejiofor's regal Lola.
The main problem is that it's not very kinky at all.
A cheeky, vampy, naughty British comedy.
Ejiofor's polished, energetic performance -- including several song-and-dance numbers -- enlivens what's basically comfort food in movie form, but sometimes comfort food is exactly what the doctor ordered.
The only thing kinky about this movie is its title. But maybe there's an upside to this: Parents, if you want to teach the kids about sexual difference without having to deal with sex, here's your chance. Have I mentioned it's heartwarming? That too.
Kinky Boots shoehorns what should be a fresh story into the same old pair of narrative galoshes.
Yet another one of those heartwarmers about Great Britain's plucky eccentrics.
Title notwithstanding, it should be noted that Kinky Boots isn't remotely racy. Not only won't it offend grandma -- she'll probably enjoy this uplifting comedy.
Despite the subject matter, the script and direction are disappointingly conventional, though the performances are appealingly spirited.
Even if its premise weren't so achingly familiar, the bland humor and oddly conservative depiction of this flamboyant drag queen would still make it seem like a museum piece.
It has heart and soul (and sole). What Kinky Boots lacks is kick.
Rigged for your pleasure...everything is played up for schmaltz value or dopey laughs.
[An] utterly vapid distillation of a "true story," crammed into the tired old Full Monty formula.
undercooked to an amateurish degree
There's nothing kinky about the movie either. Wait, that's not strong enough. There's also nothing funny or heartwarming or relevant or interesting.
Even in light comedy, Ejiofor is a commanding presence. As queen or king, he rules.
Kinky Boots is pretty routine fare with its we-must-save-the-company debut feature by helmer Julian Jarrold.
A humanist parable about how to be a good person, live a good life and make gallons of lemonade when life suddenly hands you lemons, it's predictably delightful and delightfully predictable.
The recipe for this silly, quasi-inspirational British comedy comes from the same cookbook that gave us The Full Monty.
From the producers of Calendar Girls comes another cutesy comedy where the Brits enjoy chuckling at their own cheeky naughtiness, but Kinky Boots boasts a terrific performance by Chiwetel Ejiofor...
The best reason to check the film out is [Chiwetel] Ejiofor's performance, which is packed with grace and wit and pathos.
While it's maniputative as hell, its still entertaining.
Kinky Boots is diverting, but it's only worth shouting about thanks to Ejiofor's quietly subversive take on what has become a stock movie character.
Every moment in Kinky Boots is screamingly, painfully obvious. The only way the film could have surprised me would have been if the projectionist accidentally spliced in a reel of Cannibal Holocaust.
Drag queens are people too, Kinky Boots limply, earnestly pleads. Most viewers will respond, 'Yes. And?'
A prefabricated crowd-pleaser with a distinctly by-the-numbers feel, distinguished only by Ejiofor's canny transvestite turn.
Might sweet-natured and pleasantly naughty British comedy be in the offing? You bet.
Kinky Boots is hilarious and poignant enough to suspend skepticism and erase doubts.
Our friends across the pond have gone daft trying to satisfy a worldwide desire to see a reserved populace get plucky.
It all comes out with formulaic steadiness and the kind of satisfactions that spell big bucks back home and a decent play in the colonies.
although the film is light hearted and humorous, it is much more than comedy. In the end, this is an entertaining film extolling high personal values.
Why are movies 'inspired by a true story' always the most contrived?
Mais uma incursão ao subgênero "comédia ambientada em excêntrica cidadezinha inglesa", o filme tem seu charme e traz Ejiofor em uma atuação divertida.
Somewhere, Jeffrey Lyons is rolling on the floor laughing.
Far too insubstantial to make any interesting use of its social agenda, and the easy answers it finds about prejudice and bigotry strain credibility.
This pleasant but predictable affair does one thing very well: showcasing the versatility of Chiwetel Ejiofor.
Though the movie doesn't take the risks that its hero does, it's a terrific British crowd-pleaser.
Kinky Boots trips on its contrived plot, but this blend of trash and sass is a comfy fit.
Recycling cliches from the more entertaining Full Monty and Calendar Girls (it's the same writer), this innocuous made for export fare plays it utterly safe, avoidng the issue of whether Ejiofor's drag queen is gay--or sexual at all.
While a little too deliberate and reliant on its familiar formula, this still has its amusing, uplifting moments.
A slick, cross-tracks Britcom whose stride is hampered by its desire not to offend.
As long as England keeps exporting these empty-headed little stories about how backward and prudish its populace is, it's difficult for the rest of the world to take the nation's more pressing social concerns seriously.
It's cine-spirit not too far from Strictly Ballroom, Kinky Boots is a well crafted comedy that wears a solid pair of dramatic shoes to take us down the road to an entertainment with something to say.
Yes, it's another wee British comedy, at times too precious, but for all that, this is a fun movie that affords a rare opportunity. It is not often that one gets to see an actor shed his chrysalis and transform into a butterfly before your very eyes.
I can't think of any reason for you to see it, but I can't think of any reason not to, either.
Kinky Boots, a crowd-pleasing British import based on a true story, may be this year's Full Monty.
Chiwetel Ejiofor is ... utterly convincing as Lola and plays her as a force of nature; funny, loud, sexy and, in the film's most dramatic scenes, genuinely moving
Don't miss it.






@highlight

Kinky Boots relies heavily on the Full Monty formula of Britcoms, while playing it too safe in a desperate attempt not to offend. Ejiofor's performance is its redeeming virtue.