Beyond Clooney, there's not much in The Descendants to warrant the Oscar buzz that is building around it.
For all of Clooney's coasting modes---arrogant, smug, debonair---it appears he's at his best when hapless and floundering. It looks good on him.
... it's easily one of the best movies I've seen all year.
[Alexander] Payne is aided greatly by [George] Clooney, whose befuddled expressions should be engraved in the cement at Grauman's Chinese.
A whole who, as we watch, find a kind of healing. And even grace.
I watched with total befuddlement George Clooney waffle and whinge his way through The Descendants.
Director Alexander Payne is a master storyteller of the huge life transition. 'Sideways' is one stellar example, 'About Schmidt', another. 'Descendants' easily rivals 'Sideways.'
Clooney and Payne share an uncanny knack for that wistful smile in the face of havoc; for conveying the peace that comes from having lived a life, from having seen disasters come and go, and from knowing that, one way or another, this too shall pass.
Mr. Payne's undeniable knack for naturalism makes "The Descendants" a wholly persuasive and heartfelt experience.
I enjoyed Clooney's performance enormously without ever buying it for a second.
The Descendants is an exercise in why women are such horrible, despicable shrews. When this film isn't demonising its female characters for daring to be unhappy in their marriage, it's condescending them for showing too much emotion...
A truthful, warm-hearted, deeply moving film about loss, about death, about legacies and, yeah, family.
The Descendants is humane, decent, and close to real quality.
People looking for a good lei would be wise to say aloha to 'The Descendants,' Alexander Payne's Hawaiian-set luau in which laughter and tears combine for a cinematic feast.
A beautifully touching, tragic and amusing follow-up film from the director of Sideways.
The Descendants manages to even surpass those stratospheric expectations most fans will have walking into the theatre.
Like "Sideways" and "About Schmidt," "The Descendants" lets Alexander Payne show us the Other America and the Other Americans - little lives caught up in small but epic problems far away from the La La Land of Hollywood hype, sex and violence.
Each year there are usually one or two films that don't deserve all of the insane praise they get (last year's The Fighter is a prime example) and it looks like "The Descendants" is one for this year.
Understandable when dealing with Payne's typically directionless protagonists, The Descendants occasionally feels like it is unsure of where it's going, yet it still always ambles along at a pleasant pace regardless.
A thoroughly rewarding assembled-for-adults dramedy that benefits immensely from both its island locale and one of George Clooney's finest performances.
The Descendants is a devastating and rewarding emotional journey.
Will keep you soaked in its melancholy until the very end...
Sort of like a shotgun marriage between Jimmy Buffett and Harry Chapin.
There's some pretty tricky material for Payne and crew to navigate, but anchored by a terrific cast it's a journey of hurt and healing that lingers.
overrated, but not a bad movie
"The Descendants" goes on too long, but that's its only flaw. And frankly, I can see why Payne and his editor decided to go with this print instead of making some awfully tough decisions.
George Clooney gives a wonderful lead performance in his new film The Descendants but Clooney has always been more than just a handsome face, he's a proper movie star and in that old Hollywood tradition, he's also an everyman, one of us.
No doubt the awards hype around the film will get people into cinemas but it doesn't warrant the attention considering Payne's previous work and Clooney has put in much better performances.
Payne manages to give the film a lightness that makes it uplifting or at the least fulfilling, rather than depressing.
full review at Movies for the Masses
This film is one of the best films of 2011 and should compete for top awards when the Academy Awards roll around.
The sharp wit and commitment to damaged men remain, but with his newfound appreciation of what goes unsaid, The Descendants sees Payne finally becoming the filmmaker many have claimed he was all along.
The film plays to Payne's strengths - not just the emotional complexity and the constantly shifting kaleidoscope of moods, but his skill at eliciting in-depth performances from his cast.
It's rare for a director to strike the right chord with every film but Alexander Payne has managed it.
The Descendants becomes a kind of exhilarating, island-hopping road movie with Matt as much in search of himself as of his wife's mysterious lover. Along the way he's learning what it means to be a man, to understand himself and others.
The film's tone is quaint but the story dramatic and the characters maintain the ability to shock and surprise.
Uma narrativa artificial e frágil que soa mais como a visão de um roteirista alienado de Hollywood sobre a vida de uma pessoa comum (multimilionária, claro) do que como algo com o qual indivíduos reais poderiam se identificar de alguma maneira.
Few films have dealt with the concept of parental death as movingly, poetically and lovingly as this, delivering a strikingly powerful narrative that is as profound as it is honest.
...a solid, grown-up film that reminds us that there's real heroism in simply living day to day.
A non-preachy exploration of the depth, width and complexity of life, love and relationships, and this great gift we call humanity.
The mix of slapstick and pathos is exquisitely judged, but the viewer needs to be patient for the film to work its magic. Adjust to its rhythm, though, and you'll be rewarded by a wry and perceptive view of the human comedy.
Payne's interest is the human drama: he's very much the director-as-novelist and The Descendants has all the satisfactions of a story well told.
Set against the lush backdrop of the Hawaiian islands, The Descendants is a heartbreaking portrait of a family in crisis.
As is the way with Payne's films, we go away feeling that every man is an island - and it's only a matter of time before each of us finds ourselves deserted.
(George) Clooney gives a complex and complete performance as a man who put his career ahead of his family, and is stumbling to try to reconnect to make his life whole again.
As is typical with Payne, awkwardness abounds leading to some moments of excruciating comedy.
Not as laugh-out-loud funny or as overtly moving as you might expect, but with an underlying honesty and authenticity that make the characters linger long in the memory.
Moving, thoughtful and frequently hilarious, it's good to have Payne back.
The saving notes are the film's minutiae. There are dialogue moments in Payne's drollest, enemies-on-edge style.
Worth the wait. Don't stay away for so long next time though, Alex.
This sweet, sad new film from Alexander Payne holds a promise of gentleness that is fulfilled, and a promise of complexity that isn't.
Warm, subtle and gentle, The Descendants demonstrates what can happen when indie talent is nurtured to mainstream success.
Worth seeing for the outstanding performances from George Clooney and Shailene Woodley - and a great advert for Hawaii.
Moving and blackly funny, The Descendants deals with universal emotions about the nature of family which will strike a chord with everyone
The last, touching final frame is worth the entrance price alone.
The perfect combination of dramedy, tragedy and familiar fallouts that simultaneously brings tears of joy and sorrow, with seemingly effortless effect.
Clooney takes up the archetypal role of unofficial investigator, with a younger sidekick in tow. Though the film offers a fine portrait of character growth, it's allotted by the crime-themed structure of the avenger film.
Payne is an unobtrusive director, a filmmaker who lets the script do the walking - in this case, perhaps too much.
Clooney is remarkable in Alexander Payne's film about loss, confusion and getting by.
The Descendants is a heartfelt and tragic piece, but it's also mature and very funny.
A marvellous follow-up to 2004's Sideways - well worth the wait.
Hay un humor asordinado debajo del drama de Matt King (sentida labor de George Clooney), tanto que se trata de la película más seria del director Alexander Payne hasta el momento, lo que no quiere decir la menos optimista.
If The Descendants occasionally slips a notch below Payne's highest standards, it's a wry, intelligent look at the contradictions and complexities of human emotions.
Although it's not quite a black comedy, it's still filled with the patented Payne quirky characters and I love Clooney in roles like this.
Heartfelt and sometimes heartbreaking story about love, death, duty and responsibility
Like the waves on the beautiful Hawaiian beaches, our emotions rise and fall in this splendid, emotionally rich drama in which laughter and tears are balanced on the precarious surfboard of life
Dwells on how, just beneath the surface of that teen who seems a shrugging idiot or that woman who seems an everyday mom, there rustles an undergrowth of pain, or loss, or heartache.
For every moving or darkly comic or genuinely surprising moment, there's a cloying one close behind.
The master of modern America cinema is indeed back, with a suitably understated bang.
Hawaii's lush and luminous landscape is well appreciated, but it does nothing to mask the maddeningly irrational plot-points Payne expects us to swallow in the name of an alleged skewering social commentary.
Director Alexander Payne's best film.
One of the ten best films of 2011.
... All about taking things that could be salacious and sensational, and paring them down to a realistic, deeply affecting, human level.
Speaking insightfully and realistically, George Clooney, Shailene Woodley and Amara Miller are a delight to watch.
What a pity the artistic trust (director/co-writer Alexander Payne along with Nat Faxon and Jim Rash whose screenplay was based on Kaui Hart Hemming's novel) couldn't find a way of making the protagonist's character more sympathetic.
Becomes a human, believable and quietly moving film.
A dramedy directed by the same hands that helmed "Sideways," "The Descendants" is one of the year's best movies. It's a grownup look at loss and betrayal, with terrific performances and memorable characters you'll root for, warts and all.
...we fill in vast gaps because we know and presumably like the star. There's nothing really wrong with that, but Payne's done better work, more substantial work.
The Descendants hums along fueled by the imperfections that make us all human, while trying to uncover moments of grace and wisdom despite those imperfections.
Wants to be mature but can't help shortchanging its drama through constant reliance on its protagonist's unimpeachable nobility.
A grown-up, emotionally complex film buoyed by Clooney's wonderfully nuanced performance.
Another over praised George Clooney film.
As ten-year-old Scottie tries to sort out the specter of her mother now, inert and silent following a water-skiing accident, she faces questions she can't begin to articulate.
I loved watching George Clooney's character interact with everyone. I didn't care about the finished result, just the process.
Shining above extraordinary performances by the entire cast is Nick Krause, who had me laughing out loud uncontrollably.
A dismal cacophony of turgid emotion and lame comedy.
George Clooney, an actor who more often than not appears in exceptional projects, finds another gem in The Descendants.
The challenge in describing the film is that it doesn't neatly fit into any pigeonhole. It's a serious movie that happens to have a sense of humor, because Payne and his collaborators see the absurdity in everyday existence.
As the morally conflicted and mentally distraught Matt King, Clooney gives what could be regarded as the most well-rounded and emotionally raw performance of his distinguished career.
The Descendants is a film that's honest in its emotions. It effectively presents the consequences of adultery, the sadness in death and the love which family always have for one another, even when they hate what they've done.
Clooney holds his tribe together
Telegraphs every emotional beat and holds the viewer's hand every step of the way, giving us the most sanitised and programmatic version of catharsis imaginable.
If there is a lighter side to Director Alexander Payne, "The Descendants" is it.
A touching enough to recommend tale about an absentee father's belated, if bittersweet, quest for redemption.
If you can get past all the heart tugging, life lessons and by-the-numbers bonding, there are a handful of amusingly offbeat developments and decent laughs here.
It's possible to blame the book (as it's)... despite reviewer comparisons to Roth and Updike, just a longer version of Judy Blume's Tiger Eyes.
A career-changing performance by George Clooney, playing a dad - that in of itself is a seismic shift; he's nearly always been the lothario or lone wolf - coping with his wife in a coma.
It's smart and beautifully made, but Alexander Payne had the opportunity to punch the audience in the chest, and didn't take the shot. Pity.
Becomes more enjoyable and somehow even looser as its plot tightens, and as the hand-holding narration disappears.
Payne manages to keep the delicate balance between these antics and the somber nature of what's happening in Matt's life.
Callng Chevy Chase. George Clooney has taken your role. The Descendants calls out for Clark Griswold and his brood -- The Griswolds in Hawaii. This time around George Clooney plays the clueless dad.
Surprisingly warm feel good film about coping with a tragic loss.
Payne once again feels his characters' pain and this makes for something very special, an achingly sad comedy of errors.
The Descendants is beautifully shot (by Phedon Papamichael) and compellingly performed, especially by its young stars, and it has moments of startling tenderness. If only it didn't feel phony to its bones.
The Descendants is a wonderful film, full of nuance and beleaguered humanity.
A large patch of the movie's social contract are the Hawaiian notions of 'aina, malama and pono. It joins the short list we aren't embarrassed to screen for malahini.
A heartbreaking story with satisfying emotional payoffs, and truly beautiful Hawaiian photography.
George Clooney and Shailene Woodley are terrific as lost-soul dad and old-soul daughter in Alexander Payne's funny, thoughtful film.
Marked by stellar performances and an incisive screenplay, The Descendants packs a real Hawaiian punch.
The best thing here is Clooney, cleverly dropping some of his man's man mannerisms to make Matt less of an idea and more of a human.
Payne's movie is one more love letter to imperfection that renews my affection for the predicament of being human.
It's smart, funny, heartbreaking, heartwarming, wise, and, despite some sad moments, genuinely optimistic. I experienced more feelings watching it than I usually get from ten movies.
Well-acted and touching with a mild eye for human foibles, this is one of the better-written films of the year.
What's so special about Payne's approach in The Descendants is how acutely observed and subtle the movie is, especially since the previews are selling it as a broader, more absurd comedy.
If you see The Descendants, see it for Clooney (and Woodley), but don't believe the hype that it's one for the ages.
A lot of The Descendants is affecting, but its mushier tone is often less emotionally resonant than the bitter sarcasm of Payne's earlier work.
This unforgettable movie succeeds by making audiences feel like a part of the family. Clooney knocks it out of the park with a marvelous performance. Woodley makes a strong bid for a supporting actress nomination. The supporting players are all given...
Here's where I am right now: The Descendants is the best movie of 2011. It is the movie of the year, in many ways beyond its simple superlative overall excellence.
(Clooney) is at the top of his game in his scenes alone with the comatose Elizabeth. Asking questions that are unable to be answered, his pain at his loss and her betrayal is heartbreaking.
Audiences will argue about whether it's a comedy or a drama, but they'll agree they saw a wonderful film.
The Descendants finds Payne, now 50, having arrived in midlife with a new maturity, eschewing solipsism and snickers for a deeper engagement with the world.
One of the year's best films, a bubbly meditation on family and responsibility that weighs just enough to matter.
Clooney has never been better, displaying more range and less actor-ego than ever before... The Descendants would still be a splendid movie without him; with Clooney, it's one of 2011's very best.
It's good, but far less than you'd expect from the guy who started his career with the gleefully provocative Citizen Ruth and Election.
In the hands of writer-director Alexander Payne, Clooney has rarely seemed so much at home.
There are ample opportunities for the film to soak in pathos, righteousness, farce, or pictorialism, and Payne manages to nod at those pitfalls without falling into them.
An emotionally ennobling film that wears its compassion on the sleeve of its ugly Hawaiian print shirts.
Payne displays a knack for both perfect casting and using his lead actor in sometimes unconventional, unexpected ways
Director Alexander Payne prefers to start a movie with one strike against him. He always picks a dislikable protagonist... Then, as he slowly gives characters self-awareness, he gives us reasons to watch and care about them.
In playing an everyman stranded between anger and duty, Clooney earns an emotional payoff that a lesser actor would simply demand.
With so many balls in the air the temptation is to rush from one plot strand to another, but Payne takes the opposite approach. He also captures the complexity of emotional reactions that grief stirs.
An introspective and heartwarming film, unafraid to convey its story with pleasing simplicity.
It's Clooney and Woodley's movie, as they become a team before our eyes.
I kept expecting it to get better, but it just sort of did its thing and called it a day.
A family drama whose distinction comes primarily from its nuances and subtleties.
The latest exhibit in Payne's careful dissection of the beached male, which runs from Matthew Broderick's character in "Election" to Jack Nicholson's in "About Schmidt" and Paul Giamatti's in "Sideways."
Director and co-writer Alexander Payne again shows the most acute and perceptive understanding of the American psyche of any current director.
Flawless in the still manner it approaches crippling encounters with grief and disgust, dryly expressing the necessary unraveling of a distracted man. The Descendents is simply terrific, profound yet understated.
This mature, well-acted dramatic comedy is deeply satisfying, maybe even cathartic.
Payne has a particular skill for making movie stars seem like normal people, and the resolute normalcy of the cast helps to show Hawaii not as a resort paradise, but as a place like any other where people live, work, love, and die.
Payne continues to live up to his name as a wry observer of modern American crises.
Even as Payne's weakest film, The Descendants is still worth seeing
I understand Clooney is playing a detached father and husband, but there's no explanation why a financially well-off man basically without a job has no clue about his wife and children.
A tough, tender, observant, exquisitely nuanced portrait of mixed emotions at their most confounding and profound -- all at play within a deliciously damp, un-touristy Hawaii that's at once lush and lovely to look at.
Clooney will most definitely be getting an Oscar nod for his touching, open and honest work.
"The Descendants" has all the qualities of a special story. And it should be on the short list of Oscar's favorites.
The Descendants has a jaunty, energetic air about it. It's just the thing to lure you into the heart of a family tragedy.
A splendid comedy-drama about a father coping with his comatose wife and difficult daughters represents high points for George Clooney and Alexander Payne.
Its pace is as leisurely as a day in its Hawaiian setting, which makes the lovely parts lovelier but its angsty moments even more torturous and uncomfortable.
Payne has always tended to look at society from the perspective of a curious, puzzled alien, but now the alien has grown moist-eyed and affectionate.
[Clooney] is a movie star who can't shake (and doesn't want to, one suspects) the baggage of that good fortune, yet consistently works to blend into the ensemble for the sake of story. The Descendants gives us his most emotional work to date.
It has been over seven years since Payne's last film, "Sideways," was released and the man has not lost his touch.
The Descendants is probably the best film of 2011.
Devastating, moving dramedy about death and forgiveness.
Writer-director Alexander Payne's fruitful collaboration with America's premier actors continues with The Descendants'.
With a great role for a movie star, an idyllic setting and the best dialogue of the year-this might be the year's Oscar frontrunner.
"The balmy breezes and small-town intimacy of island life give "The Descendants" a leisurely tone that distinguishes it from Payne's more angry-edged work."
Descendants is a good film, with strong performances and some wonderfully human, funny moments. But with a sharper screenplay, it could have come all the more closer to paradise.
Payne has a gift for life's messiness, the mash-ups of pain, humor, anger, terror, and longing that collide in the midst of big moments and domestic dailiness.
Are you ready for a forgiving, humane Alexander Payne? He's pretty good at it, even if it's new to him.
Payne has the ability to make something as rich and as joyous as Sideways, and The Descendants is not it.
The Descendants gives George Clooney another fine role as a comfortable man shaken by the realities of life.
George Clooney shows up for Oscar season more reliably than Elmer Fudd shows up for the first day of Rabbit Season (or maybe that's Duck Season)
In Clooney, The Descendants has a backbone of anguish and basic, human decency.
Tough, touching and unsentimental, Payne's low-key hymn to loving, losing and learning to move on is a pleasing addition to an impressive oeuvre.
In its mixture of wit, warmth, poignancy and perceptiveness, it's a worthy addition to Payne's remarkable string of winners.
Easily Payne's most notable work since his 1999 breakthrough "Election" and quite possibly the finest work of his entire career.
It's a picture that once again prompts the self-answering question, "Is George Clooney great, or what?"
It's more straightforward and sentimental than most Payne films, and at times it lands very close to sitcom territory. But it also has scenes as wrenching and as true as any onscreen this year.
A guaranteed multiple Oscar nominee and the film that cements Alexander Payne as one of the top filmmakers of his generation, The Descendants is nothing short of a masterpiece.
Alexander Payne has been gone so long, it's easy to forget just how good he is. With The Descendants, the director's first feature since 2004's Sideways, he reminds us what we've been missing.
It's such a disappointment that The Descendants -- Alexander Payne's first film after a seven-year hiatus following Sideways -- isn't a better movie than it is.
Alexander Payne has won an Oscar for best adapted screenplay, but you'd never guess that from this clumsily written drama.
This is a modest marvel of a movie.
From beginning to end, everything that happens in "The Descendants" feels false.
I can't think of another movie this year that made me laugh or weep harder for the whole lumpy business of being - the compromises and connections that get us through the day and somehow add up to entire lives.
Payne introduces a circle of friends and family, and shows us the connections, and conflicts, in play. And he makes it all feel lived-in, real.
Alexander Payne has a knack for finding the humor in pain without losing heart.
Clooney offers an assured, multidimensional performance, nailing both the deathbed remorse and the physical comedy.
for these talented collaborators, the time is now, and The Descendants is the pinnacle of their successes
"Descendants" finds its footing, hitting Payne's unique note of comedy/drama, and benefits greatly from some terrific third-act appearances by actors in small but crucial supporting roles.
This is stealth comedy, richly delivered, and the rising Oscar buzz around it is deserved.
A movie that manages to be heart-breaking and laugh-out-loud funny at the same time.
Clooney delivers a tender performance that makes up for him not quite looking the part. Woodley's just as good, if not better.
Payne's exploring new territory, but it also feels like he's holding himself back, attempting to evolve through repression.
Another beautifully chiseled piece of filmmaking - sharp, funny, generous, and moving - that writes its own rules as much as About Schmidt or Sideways did.
We get vested in the lives of these characters. That's rare in a lot of movies. We come to understand how they think and care about what they decide.
"The Descendants" is one of the stranger and yet one of the more effective weepers in recent years.
The Descendants may be director Alexander Payne's finest outing to date.
Watching a film as mature, moving, original and unpredictable as 'The Descendants' renews my faith in American movies, and reaffirms Alexander Payne's status as one of our most gifted storytellers...
It's worth seeing for the sharp but uneven human observations in the script and direction by Alexander Payne (Sideways), and sometimes it's fun (but mostly exasperating) watching George Clooney trying to act as he struggles through...
It's lovely - funny and sad and funny/sad in ways you can't always pinpoint, capturing both the perpetual Pacific island breezes and the unsettled interior lives of Hemmings' characters, chief among them the attorney played by George Clooney.
Payne's observational humor and attention to detail yield something emotionally epic. Everything from beachfront jogs to hospital confessions reveals layers of humanity and absurdity.
An ultra-polished picture in which every emotion we're supposed to feel has been cued up well in advance. There's nothing surprising or affecting about it. Not even Clooney, who works wonders with the occasional piece of dialogue, can save it.
While The Descendants isn't as sharp as Payne's earlier films, it's the rare crowd-pleasing tearjerker where the tears feel earned.
Clooney is brilliant as the emotionally jolted hero of Payne's droll yet immensely moving film. In its perfectly wrought eloquence, it may be the best film of the year.
Great movies like The Descendants' don't only take an audience on an absorbing journey - in the hands of... Alexander Payne and a superb cast headed by George Clooney, you feel like you've come to know the characters' entire lives in the span of two hours.
"The Descendents" is terrific.
There are flashier directors working today, but Payne's position at the forefront of contemporary filmmaking comes from telling richly human stories filled with wit, insight and unique charm.
As directed by Alexander Payne, the film moves seamlessly from wry humor to heartbreaking sadness and takes clever deviations from the expected.
Payne has mastered the knack of balancing moods and tone, leavening complex emotional moments with sometimes downright goofy humor.
As ever, Payne -- adapting a novel by Kaui Hart Hemmings -- walks a fine line between caricature and compassion.
A tragedy infused with comedy [that] calls for a balancing act from filmmaker and star alike, a tightrope they navigate with nary a wobble.
The Descendants is damn near perfect. Director Alexander Payne is a master of the human comedy and George Clooney has never exposed himself to the camera this openly.
It left me cold. The pathos is as unearned as the protagonist's privilege.
The story keeps you guessing as to where it will go, and it features some piercing moments of emotional truth.
To call "The Descendants" perfect would be a kind of insult, a betrayal of its commitment to, and celebration of, human imperfection. Its flaws are impossible to distinguish from its pleasures.
You think you know exactly how this work-distracted father is going to reconnect with his daughters, and what obligatory moments the movie will provide, but both the script and the stars are too smart for that.
Clooney's understated modern man is not filled with self-importance, as he learns to appreciate what is truly important in life. 'The Descendants' is pleasant if easy cinema.
A masterful and emotionally rich movie about the grief of parting and the agony of separation in the life of a father whose losses lead to new and transformative connections.
Mockery and empathy seesaw, the balance precarious -- and thrillingly so. It's the noblest kind of satire: cruel and yet, in the end, lacking the killing blow.
A quirky, methodical detour through tropical paradise.
It works like a charm...to the extent that one's critic self wants to resist the urge to break down why it's working.
A family tragedy brings a high-powered lawyer closer to his two young daughters in this affecting and often funny comedy-drama featuring a deft star performance by George Clooney.
It may leave you with a sadness that's tough to shake, but it also offers a degree of hope, providing something the piece as whole prides itself on, the power to see the best in the worst of times.
A richly rewarding, originally conceived, at times even oddly humorous and exquisite, sensitively crafted film. And in which Clooney continues to move beyond movie star vehicles, and venture into risky roles like this bad dad, with humbling grace.
A very good movie, filled with precious, small, touching moments. I suspect that it will stay with you long after the credits fade.
This movie had me the minute George Clooney, as the responsible but not particularly engaged Matt King, describes himself as the "backup parent".
As with Sideways and About Schmidt, Payne finds clever ways to blend sharp comedy and warm drama to create a seriously involving and entertaining film.
A kinder, gentler, less interesting Alexander Payne.
Emotionally engaging and frequently funny, this is a satisfying drama with a sharply written script, likeable characters and a terrific performance from George Clooney that's certain to garner some attention come Oscar time.
Mahalo, Alexander.
It's quite literally Clooney's best performance in a while.
No, it's not Sideways, but Alexander Payne's emotionally complex drama is hilarious and heartfelt in equal measure, boosted by a stellar turn from George Clooney.
A grown-up, perceptive, funny film about family and responsibility, subjects rarely covered in movies except in cliched, romantic terms.
Few films have captured so perfectly our awkward reactions to grieving that may be inappropriate - or merely human.
The Descendants is a gentle movie, matter-of-fact in its emotions, unassuming in its laughs.
At once mellow and light, there's hardly a scene that doesn't somehow revolve around death, or other grave matters.
There are too many times when you are not sure whether to laugh or be doleful or squirm. For example, the grandmother with Alzheimer's who thinks she'll be visiting Queen Elizabeth. This turns into a tasteless Judd Apatow moment.
Hawaiian culture is as strong a presence in this film as Omaha was in Citizen Ruth and California's wine country was in Sideways.
A stunning tightrope act of comedy, sentimentality, drama, and the character definition that can only come from a man who has spent his life observing the complexity of the human race.
[VIDEO] Perhaps the best thing "The Descendants" has to offer is its depiction of Hawaii as a place like any other that only appears as a tropical paradise on the surface.
This intelligently written, beautifully photographed, intensely emotional family drama is among the best of 2011 and should earn George Clooney an Oscar nomination.
...a typically watchable yet far-from-consistent effort from the filmmaker.
A film that's as moving as it is witty and dark. It's simply terrific.
Has the same mix of lightness and depth of Payne's past films even if the material doesn't feel nearly as strong.
You care for these people, who are utterly real. They also have great lines, such as 'paradise can go fuck itself.'
I'm a notorious softie, and I found things to like about the film, most particularly Clooney's performance; but I remained untouched.
Begins as a rambling tale about an inept father wrestling with tragedy and gradually builds toward a satisfying emotional payoff.
The Hawaiian setting gives The Descendants a distinctive flavor that survives Payne's efforts to bury it in schmalz.
Mostly, The Descendants deals wisely with the complexities of coming to terms with the death of a loved one who leaves a mess behind.
It's warm and human and beautifully made, and it is one more triumph in a long list of recent triumphs for George Clooney as a movie star and an actor both.
Another winner for Clooney and Payne. Warmly funny, and life-affirming.
It's one of the year's best pictures, one to savor and think about.
After his last feature, Mr. Payne was compared by some to Billy Wilder for his wit, and by others to Jean Renoir for his humanity. After this one I'd compare him to the man who made "Sideways." It's the highest praise I know.
A drama of unusual nuance. It lingers, spawns thoughts, connections, as a great film ought.
Clooney and the elder daughter (Shailene Woodley) give Oscar-worthy performances in this hard-knocks film that will have you laughing one moment and sobbing the next.
Mark your Oscar ballots: Beautifully written, splendidly acted, Alexander Payne's new serio comedy about love, forgiveness and redemption, adds another glorious panel to an already distinguished (if still brief) career.
The Descendants" tackles some of the prickliest issues a contempo family can face with such sensitivity that it's hardly noticeable you're being enlightened while entertained.

@highlight

Funny, moving, and beautifully acted, The Descendants captures the unpredictable messiness of life with eloquence and uncommon grace.