The writing is hopelessly obtuse, and it seems that the writer was just trying to pull a fast one on the audience.
Smug and glib and generally apathetic as to who gets what in the end, so long as it seems clever at the time.
Rickman's a professorial womanizer who's not above turning a "C" student's grade to "A" if she looks like City Hall (Eliza Dushku) and puts out.
I have no idea how all the scenes in this movie connect. But I loved watching it unfold.
You want to see how it plays out, but it's just frustrating to wade through all the "style" to get there.
Its 110 minutes are a totally disposable piece of fluff, but perhaps more importantly, also a whole lot of fun.
Never feels like anything more than an über-nerd desperately trying to be cool -- like watching Jon Heder pretending to be James Bond.
The screenplay starts out clever enough, but devolves into a ridiculous mishmash of incoherent subplots.
Director Miller employs high-octane music and the technique of high speed filming for certain sequences, which I suppose is a blessing since they shorten the running time.
Is it a thriller? Is it a heist movie? Is it a comedy?
I had high hopes for Nobel Son at the halfway point, but it ultimately really completely collapses under the weight of its clever twists.
It's one of those perfect-crime kinda flicks, wrapped up in familial angst as a black-comedy topping. That it's all rather ridiculous and overly complicates itself in the process is almost beside the point...
Gets more and more convoluted and preposterous as it goes along, and far less fun...a movie that, despite the title, will win no prizes.
An undignified mess that should embarrass Rickman and everyone else involved.
It's the sort of movie where calling it 'over the top' can only be taken as a compliment.
Nobel Son wins the prize for best Guy Ritchie copycat.
It might not win any awards, but it's a highly entertaining way to spend an evening.
An absolutely abysmal crime flick.
The plot twists are mostly predicated on the characters' improbably shifting loyalties, the sort of thing you can get away with only when the people in your movie are drained of all compassion.
It's one of those films stuffed with odd characters in overblown situations. Unfortunately, you don't care about any of them.
Even if you can summon some admiration for Nobel Son's editing or snippets of clever dialogue, the movie is so relentlessly self-congratulatory, you can't help becoming thoroughly sick of it.
Only when Nobel Son stops trying so hard does it have any appeal at all.
Nobel Son gives a unpredictable well told thrill ride that in less than two hours gives the audience more than their money's worth.
The film has the sort of quick pace, short-attention-span editing and music that add up to a teen audience. That's the nicest way we could think of to say that Nobel Son is sort of a stupid movie.
Like the worst of holiday quarrels, it's much more irritating than interesting, and by the end of it you'll be filled with as much seasonal cheer as Ebenezer Scrooge.
Except for a mildly engaging heist scene in the middle of the movie, the story never gets within a mile of the Quentin Tarantino classics it tries to evoke.
A snarky, blackly comic crime drama, the whole thing unfolds like the feverish Welsh Rarebit dream of Guy Ritchie's chauffeur.
Fans of Rickman will appreciate the actor's sneering mix of buffoonery and misanthropy, Steenburgen gives another of her playfully ironic turns, and Miller's direction allows for few, if any, lulls.
Nobel Son is a dreary little thriller that irritates more than it thrills.
Nobel Son isn't funny enough for black comedy, nor suspenseful enough for a thriller; for all its flashy flailings and thumb-slicings, it's ultimately a little dull.
Nobel Son contains precisely one funny bit, but the film is pokey and unoriginal.
[An] uneven but enjoyably titillating black comedy.
It's all wildly implausible and occasionally fun, but it could be so much better if director Randall Miller had thrown in a little more character development and excised a half-dozen crazy plot twists.
Eligible for major cult status, this kidnapping caper film is over-the-top but in a good way. It's smart, funny and wonderfully acted.
Nobel Son is as darkly funny as it is exhilarating.
Not flagrant enough to be vile, not original enough to be any good, Nobel Son does offer a rare opportunity to see Alan Rickman at his worst.
With all of the potential Oscar bait this month, NOBEL SON is well out of it's league. A few quirky bits of humor can't save this lazy attempt at making a hip kidnapping movie.
Whether you're a fan of Miller's Bottle Shock or are new to his work, Nobel Son is a fun and twisted ride that makes good use of a strong ensemble cast and results in fun, fast-paced entertainment.
An aggressively noisy exercise in style over substance about nasty people doing nasty things to one another in (sigh) Southern California.
Is there a way that I can offer a formal apology to Guy Ritchie for insinuating that "Rocknrolla," was an ugly, stupid, violent and incoherent mess of a crime film when it actually comes across like "The Asphalt Jungle" when compared to this mess?
Parental Content Review
Oh boy does this movie have problems. From its wall-to-wall electronica score to the blandly executed sex scenes.
constantly crosses the fine line between clever and severely self-indulgent
That the ending makes no sense doesn't matter nearly as much as the fact that we wouldn't care even if it did.
Nobel Son sadistically resurrects the Tarantino knockoff -- an unloved, foul-mouthed little bastard of a subgenre that should now go away forever.
...the whole thing plays like a film student's exercise, the audience a rat being led through a maze for a dry food pellet.
I enjoyed Eliza Dushku's mad poetess, probably for the wrong reasons, but with a project this meager, you take your artful sneers and scenic diversions where you can get them.
This bogus cutting-edge thriller is obnoxious and repellent in any direction it stands, mistaking distasteful tonal changes for cinematic razzle dazzle.
The plot by itself could have become tiresome; no audience enjoys spending all evening walking into stone walls. But the acting is another matter.
Although sometimes too self-consciously odd for its own good, the film is at times rollicking good fun, with Alan Rickman having a ball offending everyone within earshot as the brilliant, self-centered Eli Michaelson.
One of those misbegotten clunkers where just about every creative decision isn't just wrong but tone-deaf.
Nobel Son was one of my most unpleasant filmgoing experiences of 2008 (and in a year like this, that's saying something).
The director, Randall Miller, appears to be trying to cross a bad Elmore Leonard thriller with a bad indie-festival family-angst comedy.
Alan Rickman always plays odious but smart with sangfroid.
Lacking the polish and coherence worthy of its cast, Nobel Son is no prize winner.
Techs are better than Nobel Son deserves. Writer-director-producer-editor Miller does not have the chops, not yet, to pull off such a ponderous multi-hyphenate.










@highlight

Despite the best efforts of a strong cast, Nobel Son is over-plotted and self-consciously odd.