Even if the details are askew and presented from an arch comedic angle, it's rare to see a contemporary movie so fully engage with the mundane ways technology affects behavior.
With this kind of Internet-bred micro-celebrity still surprisingly untouched in film and television, Ingrid Goes West feels like a movie we needed.
Thematically, the film delights in the feelings of seeing another person's life and the reasons behind these feelings. [Full review in Spanish]
Fortunately, typecasting or not, Plaza's skills of both comedy and awkwardness are used quite well in Ingrid Goes West a new social dramedy from ... Matt Spicer.
...succeeds just by putting the audience in the middle of that FOMO headspace, where everything good that happens anywhere is an attack, and the only way to get someone to like you is to become the only person they truly appreciate: themselves.
Ingrid is a kind of monster created and enabled by social media. To me, this was a very disturbing movie. Ingrid's mental health problems, her rage and her violent impulses are the least disturbing things about it.
The subject matter becomes a vehicle for salient observations about social ambition, the version of ourselves we choose to present to others, and the nature of friendship.
... the film can't decide whether pursuing validation through social media (by any means necessary) is a good thing; whether Taylor is savvy or soulless; and whether Ingrid is a figure of fun, pity, ingenuity, desperation or horror.
It should make you uneasy in places where Stephen King cannot touch.
Ingrid is the contemporary anti-hero for an image-saturated world, her only transgression being that she takes the false reality of Taylor's Instagram universe too seriously.
Though Spicer's satire brings about some malice, it was still far too saccharine for my taste.
This comedy needed to be made. It has its flaws, but it's better than we had a right to expect.
Matt Spicer has done very well on his first outing.
The picture's greatest asset is its star and producer, Aubrey Plaza, who has a name like a suburban shopping mall and a face like sarcasm personified.
Ingrid is too tragic and disturbing a protagonist to allow for real fun. There are, however, a fine spread of performances (Olsen excels) and much food for thought (never a bad thing).
Everyone is fuel to Ingrid's hunger, and Plaza's gulping performance -- unnervingly and daringly blank, but suggesting deep rivers of desperation -- is almost enough to carry the film.
Ingrid Goes West indulges our worst impulses in the grand quest to gain more likes, followers and attention.
By the time the film builds to a conclusion full of forced conflict, the subtle insight of its early scenes feel as forgotten as a Facebook message you haven't replied to in a month.
The film is very sharp on how young women use social media as self-actualisation, to create intimacy, and to bolster feelings of connection, as well as Instagram's addictive, toxic qualities.
... after an opening montage that ridicules the worst excesses of social-media myth-making ("This is me and my wonderful life!"), the movie has little left to say.
An appealing mixture of black-hearted comedy and plaintive social satire.
An appealing cast gives its all to a highly-charged satire that stays as skin-deep as a selfie.
As with De Niro's deplorable Rupert Pupkin in the similarly themed King of Comedy, you'll find yourself rooting for Aubrey Plaza's psychopathic Ingrid.
Don't worry about having FOMO - there's not much worth seeing here.
Riffing on the likes of Single White Female and The King of Comedy, it's both a sly satire and a skin-crawling exploration of narcissism in the age of Instagram, with Plaza expertly negotiating a tricky role.
Writer-director Matt Spicer makes his feature debut with a horribly enjoyable satire, painted in hard-edged, acrid colours: the colours of an Instragram post, in fact.
The satire here works so well precisely because it is so accurately observed.
A superb satirical swipe at the worst excesses of the social media generation. Deserves a lot of 'likes'.
A very smart take on the stalker movie, which resists easy laughs for harder truths, and might make you think twice the next time you're lining up a photo for social media.
Ingrid Goes West Brings Mental Illness to Forefront in Social Media-Obsessed Culture.
Ingrid Goes West doesn't offer any easy answers, and it's much better for it.
Ingrid Goes West is by turns funny, alarming, disturbing, poignant and - occasionally - a bit too obvious. But it is a necessary and mostly very entertaining film, arriving at exactly the right time.
A caustic yet relatable comedy that blends a portrait of today's #nofilter world with some Black Mirror-style social satire.
A second-cousin-related twist on Talented Mr. Ripley for the social media era, the pitch-black dramedy skewers LA lifestyle and the vampiric nature of wannabe popularity.
Hits a very specific bullseye ... How Ingrid Goes West affects you will almost certainly depend on your current relationship with social media.
Ingrid Goes West is a chilling indictment of our image-driven culture, a withering dissection of artificiality versus authenticity. It's worth seeking out because this penetrating and darkly witty movie deserves to be seen.
Ingrid might be a certifiable mess, but we still wind up rooting for her.
Ingrid Goes West is a biting black comedy about fakers, phonies and Instagram feeds, with #nofilter.
A stinging little dose of social (media) commentary, Ingrid Goes West goes to some highly provocative, but very relevant places.
[Matt] Spicer has certainly hit his target. But 97 minutes spent in this company is just too hard to bear.
Although Ingrid Goes West probably won't have you disconnecting from your devices anytime soon, it's ghost-of-social-media's-present/future approach will carry enough weight to make even the most myopic of us draw a few parallels.
Aubrey Plaza is a gifted comic actress whose skill set fits the material snug like a wine-bottle coozie.
If there's any recent film that has dealt with our craze for social media in the most intelligent and assured of ways, it would be Matt Spicer's "Ingrid Goes West."
Ingrid Goes West is equal parts scathing social satire, horror movie, and character portrait. It's self-aware enough to include a Single White Female joke, but it's not the kind of jokey movie that winks at itself.
...a darkly funny cautionary tale about the dangers of social media...
Attempts to shade in Ingrid and Dan's tragic backstories are cursory and more than a little clichéd, but so spot on is the satire that it's hard to imagine this being done better.
This darkly comic satire is beautifully twisted and loads of fun but, at its heart, is an important look at how we now interact with each other and how we live day to day.
It may be tempting to say that Ingrid Goes West, the feature directorial debut of Matt Spicer, will be obsolete in a few years, but its themes are far older than the "like" button.
This debut feature by Matt Spicer is a piercingly smart satire on the corrosive vapidity of social-media culture.
Ingrid Goes West never gives our protagonist a moment of enlightenment, during which she realizes social media is the source of all of her problems (spoiler: it's not). I don't expect that moment to arrive for me, either.
Aren't we all sometimes guilty of desperately forcing human connection when we feel lonely? Ingrid Goes West suggests we are.
Ingrid Goes West is not necessarily a profound movie. Nothing it says will appear shocking or unfounded in a post-Catfish age. But it is a starkly relevant and modern film, and through its sly commentary and bruising wit, it is telling all the same.
Ingrid Goes West is bright, funny as hell and so full of contemporary razor-sharp insight that it will make many in the audience squirm. Fuelled by Aubrey Plaza's hysterical performance, it's almost #perfect.
It's deflating to watch a film start out wanting to the be The King Of Comedy and settle for Single White Female.
Your Swimfan references are officially outdated -- Ingrid Goes West is the new standard for tech-enabled stalking.
Once it becomes obvious that there's no discernible arc at hand for Ingrid, a sense of inevitability sets in and the unpleasantness of the characters begins to wear.
Some amusing character-driven moments and deadpan cynicism help cover for a lack of depth in the screenplay that tends to be more muddled than provocative.
The cast is stellar-Ingrid is, objectively, a horrible person, but we feel for her anyway.
Ingrid Thorburn is a heck of a character, and Aubrey Plaza does a phenomenal job of playing her.
Bitter, snide, and ultimately brutal, exactly the movie about social media we deserve; a satire that is barely satirical. Aubrey Plaza is hashtag savage.
An eye-opening feature debut by Matt Spicer goes straight for the jugular with its lacerations of social media and what he sees as his generation's dive into unmitigated narcissism.
First-time director Matt Spicer makes good use of Aubrey Plaza's one-note appeal in "Ingrid Goes West," a stalker comedy in the tradition of Martin Scorsese's superior "The King of Comedy."
The upbeat ending rings false because (1) it feels tacked-on, and (2) the movie hasn't shown us someone who deserves it.
Much of the film's success can be attributed to [Aubrey] Plaza, who makes her sociopathic wallflower remarkably nuanced and empathetic, beyond the trappings of the script.
Ingrid Goes West has some cogent things to say about being a struggling young...someone.
[Aubrey] Plaza abandons her trademark deadpan to offer up a scarily out-of-control woman and it's electrifying to watch.
Ingrid Goes West is a sharp, funny, sometimes heartbreaking comedy about how the internet, specifically Instagram, helps to ravage the mental health of a young woman.
Ingrid's obsessive behavior is the dark matter fueling this comedy, and for about half of the film's brief 97 minutes, we're running on fumes.
The experience is akin to being kneaded by a cat - now soft paws, now sharp claws, alternatingly sweet and deeply uncomfortable.
Fresh, but also meh, unless you like hating everyone. Not Plaza's breakout film.
Several reviews have referred to Ingrid Goes West as a black comedy, but it feels more like a horror movie, albeit one threaded with satire.
Anyone looking for a scathing satire on social media obsession and its consequences will come away from "Ingrid Goes West" feeling #blessed.
Ingrid is a toxic blend of insecurity, FOMO and Terminator-like perseverance ... Plaza has found the ideal vehicle for deconstructing her persona in Ingrid Goes West.
"Ingrid Goes West" is a sharp, insightful modern day stalker fantasy, "Single White Female" through a Valencia Instagram filter.
It's heartwarming and validating, but you want to see where it leads.
Plaza, of course, is marvelous in the title role, embracing Ingrid's unflattering neediness with a commitment that's scary.
Ingrid Goes West's attempt to deliver a topical dark comedy about social media fails to portray mental health with the nuance required when you're making a movie about an unhinged woman.
The reason to see Ingrid Goes West, ... is for the performances.
Aubrey Plaza is brilliant in "Ingrid goes West," Matt Spicer's smart, satirical and sometimes scathing takedown of the vapidity social media sometimes injects into life.
Doesn't sustain its overview of delusion, but it gets most of the way there, showcasing sharp insight and sly wit as it investigates the madness of exclusion.
Now 33, Plaza can still get away with playing an ingenue (that's what Ingrid is, a toxic ingenue). She can do comedy. She can do drama. She's best of all, as here, at combining both.
The movie explores themes of grief, loneliness and mania that transcend whatever current technology is enabling them.
Plaza's portrayal of Ingrid drives the movie. She creates a character who is desperate, insecure, pathetic and a bit psychotic. Plaza makes you simultaneously feel sorry for Ingrid and uncomfortable being around her.
Comically chilling
You won't remember "Ingrid Goes West" for long after it's over, but as summer diversions go, you could do much worse.
An inventive and shrewd satire of the way social media can be used to describe and distort the lives of users.
Ingrid Goes West is part comedy, part tragedy, part horror/thriller, and part social commentary. Although it is primarily satirical, director/co-writer Matt Spicer never loses sight of the characters.
There are more layers to both of these women than expected, raising the film from slim comedy to something more profound (albeit still very funny).
So much of what happens is truly disturbing, yet Plaza's mere presence somehow tempers the self-destructive edges because she's unafraid to play the fool - in a truly Shakespearean sense.
Director and co-writer Matt Spicer displays just the right touch as the story gets crazier.
This semi-indie is a satire, a psycho-comedy and cautionary tale. Though it's not as wicked as some may hope for, it's worthy and occasionally stellar.
The critique is clever but the limit is the one so common in satire: it's hard to care about the fate of a character this exaggerated.
The heartbeat of the film is Plaza's performance -- the micro-second behind-the-beat lack of glibness, the stilted smile selfie and that feral alertness to threat in her gaze. She's like a combination of a wall-flower and Venus Flytrap.
It comes on like a Sundance comedy ... but it unfolds like a Hitchcock suspenser.
Ingrid Goes West ... is an incisive satire of online obsession that falls short in one, vital regard: clarity of purpose.
Plaza, who normally sheds crocodile tears, here cries real ones with equal amounts of distress, insecurity, and despair.
It's timely and relevant, given the increasing number of studies coming out that show the connection between social media use and depression in young users.
It's not by accident that Ingrid is thrust at us with no real back story and no explanation for her behavior. Ingrid may be a blank slate, but aren't we all the minute we click that "Create a New Account" button on a social media app?
If there's just one takeaway, it's that Aubrey Plaza should be front and center as often as possible.
At once thoroughly entertaining and inventively shrewd, a dark comedy of tonally tricky irreverence. "Ingrid Goes West" is beautiful and messy. Just like real life. Just as it should be.
Few movies have captured as vividly the humbling sense of social media as a gigantic party welcoming everyone but us.
Farmers' market jokes and desert vibes hashtags aside, Ingrid Goes West cuts to the quick, ultimately revealing a toxic, yet oh-so-appealing demeanor that has come to define our current existence.
But in his feature debut, writer-director Matt Spicer has identified some basic problems without really finding a way to get past the obvious.
It's a familiar premise, but things play out in an unpredictable and engaging way.
Like all great movie comedies, it hurts, but it's true.
Olsen and Plaza are wildly entertaining as the 'winner' leader and 'loser' follower who have more in common than either might imagine.
Though I can't and shouldn't make the case that Ingrid Goes West is a great movie, it's a film that I loved, a highlight of my movie year.
Ingrid Goes West makes a few valid points. Too bad the whole thing looks more like a tweet than a movie.
While the film's wonky tone made it an uneasy ride, Plaza drives with her eyes ever on the horizon.
You won't find a sharper critique of the cult of the influencer.
This is a perfect part for [Aubrey] Plaza's particular brand of intensity and the star, along with director/co-writer Matt Spicer, navigates difficult terrain in crafting a tone that's both comic and deeply unsettling.
Instagram stalking deserves a meaner satire than this well-acted but ultimately harmless pretender.
Ingrid Goes West is an uncanny portrait of how social media allows users to curate their lives beyond recognition.
A daring comedy with a very sharp bite.
Social media thriller has worthy messages, drugs, language.
As incisive and gonzo as the material is, you're also left wishing that it featured bolder, more stylistic decisions in its direction and aesthetic.
Hashtag great movie. Hashtag see it now.
Ingrid Goes West is a fairly humorous but uneven take on social media obsession. It needed to dig deeper regarding the mental health aspects of the story.
Plaza shines here in her most multifaceted role to date, fearless in her willingness to take Ingrid to cringe-worthy depths with a chameleonic precision.
Ms. Plaza is a whiz with timing and does a deft job of shifting viewers' sympathy; her character can be loathsome or pathetic depending on the scene.
Matt Spicer's directorial debut proves to be one of the more successful takes on the social media generation to hit the silver screen.
Shiny pop satire with a humming undercurrent of existential dread, Ingrid Goes West is a clever, corrosive little trick of a movie, a neon candy heart dipped in asbestos.
This brutally sharp satire that skewers celebrity in the social media age cuts deep.
Matt Spicer's social media satire is a bonbon spiked with wit and malice. Plaza and Olsen, both toxic perfection, show us a nightmare world of Insta-obsessives that's all too recognizable as our own.
The world of social media and celebrity culture is ripe for satirical exploration, and Ingrid Goes West plunges headlong into it with darkly humorous if uneven results.
Ingrid Goes West is the kind of social media satire we need, even if a tone-shifting second act drives focus from mental health to less interesting criminal goofiness.
Director Matt Spicer and his co-writer, David Branson Smith, deliver cogent and even poignant commentary on the plight of a screen-obsessed society, and the artificiality of an Instagram/Facebook-bound life.
The biggest selling point of Ingrid Goes West is its screenplay, which is full of deadpan comic flourishes.
Aubrey Plaza is pitch-perfect as a suffering Instagram obsessive.
It is entertaining, and often touching, even if it pulls back right when it should be going totally nuts.
people will walk out of this one and change their social media profiles to private
Ingrid Goes West has fun with some social media tropes and Southern California tendencies, but it feels less like a satire than a cautionary tale, for both the envious and the envied.
This isn't a simple takedown of social media-obsessed Californians - that would be too easy. Instead, Spicer looks past the emojis and pulls out the depression, inauthenticity and loneliness that's behind the need for constant online affirmation.
Such a vivid and minute portrait of our boho-chic, mid-century modern, reclaimed wood, custom typography, shrub-swilling, microgreens-on-heirloom-quinoa moment that the characters can be outlines, and it doesn't really affect the ride.
Spicer and co-writer David Branson Smith work hard to juggle the bleak tragedy of Ingrid's foolish quest for validation and attention with the quirkiness of their characters.
The film is smart enough to know that the last thing any of us need is another think piece about how the internet's promise of global community has yielded a culture of alienation, obsession, and utter exhaustion.
Aubrey Plaza's fiercely committed performance nearly rescues this dubious contrivance from absurdity.
Ingrid Goes West is, however, Plaza's show, and it's through her cocked eyes that we take this mirthful, moving tour of SoCal from the desert to the sea, from Hollywood Hills highs to the lowest of Joshua Tree burnouts.
"Ingrid Goes West" is a desperately funny movie about the mindset of a tragic social media addict. It's not all gags and gaffs of social media faux pas; "Ingrid Goes West" is like a vice grip that starts to crush you with 'realness' (thanks Kanye).
The comedy social media has wrought and deserves to be put in its place.
Even though it may disappoint on its original promise, Ingrid packs an impressive helping of emotional resonance, not to mention no shortage of delightfully sinister humor about social media, youth culture, and loneliness.
Even though this feature debut for director Matt Spicer, who co-wrote the script with David Branson Smith, is sort of all over the place, it's still often sharply amusing, crisply assembled and features game, broad-brushstroke performances ...
It's a troubling character, but she manages to invoke sympathy, without shying away from the real darkness at the center of the story. A movie like Ingrid is a balancing act of tones and styles, and yet, somehow, it barely wobbles.
Nobody plays ambivalence better, and yet, Plaza allows herself to seem vulnerable here. It's just the thing "Ingrid Goes West" needs to cut through that thick-skin ironic veneer of contemporary Hollywood comedy.
The movie never digs beneath the most obvious layers of its L.A. stereotypes.
A depressingly predictable movie, which is a problem when it's about an essentially unhinged woman.
The deep dive into psychotic behavior in Ingrid Goes West is more disturbing than funny.
It's the impeccable comic timing of Plaza and Olsen that really makes Ingrid Goes West fly, along with the outstanding O'Shea Jackson Jr.
It's like watching a psychological train wreck and being expected to laugh at the carnage.
In his directorial debut, Matt Spicer gets right what so many other films commenting on today's technology obsession fail to capture.
Ingrid doesn't preach, and it's deliciously cruel without ever denying its characters their essential humanity. It has sharp teeth and a big heart - more comedies should be like this.
Olsen nails it as Taylor, who speaks almost exclusively in superlatives: "Ohmygod, you're my favorite person I've ever met!"
One of those weird, creepy, unsettling films about obsessions that you just can't help but become a little bit obsessed about yourself.
Plaza's tremendous performance shines, and the script thankfully is as interested in these characters as it is in commenting on social media culture.
Smartly updates the stalker movie for the age of social media.
Part black comedy, part psychological melodrama and part examination of the perils of social media, and it's a lot of other things to boot.
[A] small comedy that hits rare moments of drama ...
The rare that a comedy makes you reconsider your own actions on social media.

@highlight

Led by strong performances from Aubrey Plaza and Elizabeth Olsen, Ingrid Goes West delivers smart, topical humor underlined by timely social observations.