This is by far Jet Li's best English language film, and one of the finest of his career, not because of the thrillingly choreographed fight sequences but because of its well constructed story and Li's riveting performance.
Li's fighting sequences are unique for their street fighting style of realism and brutality...
Li's dramatic turn is no match for his fists of fury.
a dog of a movie, better not unleashed on any discerning viewer.
We're treated to some impressively percussive fights.
Unfortunately, the fight scenes (and there are several) are very frontloaded.
An irritating excuse to glorify senseless slaughter!
Has a "been there, done that" feel, as if writer/co-producer Besson has returned to this concept one time too many.
Freeman is better than his role, and Hoskins is a powerful presence. Li almost pulls off a psychologically complex role. But in the end, Unleashed is a muddled film.
Para cada bom filme que escreve, produz ou dirige, Luc Besson realiza outras dez porcarias. Esta é uma delas (e nem mesmo as boas seqüências de luta podem salvar um roteiro absurdo, esquemático e com personagens unidimensionais).
Unleashed is a must-see for Jet Li fans -- he's so good in it, in the end he even prevails over the movie's boldly improbable and distracting plot.
An intriguing little action thriller, a half-and-half story divided between sequences of vicious violence and quiet, wryly comic scenes of newfound domesticity.
A promising idea that never develops beyond that.
If a movie is only as good as its villain, then Unleashed is a very good movie indeed.
Benefits from an unabashedly sentimental heart.
Although silly, the premise is engaging enough to let viewers invest in the characters, giving them an emotional stake in the frequent, and spectacular, fight sequences.
There's a lot to enjoy in Unleashed.
Anyone bold enough to meld various elements of Fight Club, The Enigma of Kaspar Hauser, A Clockwork Orange and Douglas Sirk melodrama deserves a nod for trying something new
A pretty weird flick. But it's got some good stuff in it.
An enjoyable, off-beat action thriller that has 'Future Cult Movie' written all over it.
An incompatible marriage of film noir, Gothic fairytale and martial arts movie.
Morgan Freeman can always peer into people's souls without needing to ask too many questions.
It's Li's first major Western role of any depth and he acquits himself admirably as both mad dog and melancholy master.
A martial arts movie with unexpected character and emotional depth.
If you're able to put aside your eye rolls and head shakes, you will discover an action film with heart.
Unleashed, while by no means a great film, at least has some ambition in its storytelling, its style, and its performances.
[Jet Li's] puppy-dog demeanor as the domesticated Danny the Dog adds some tears to the expected blood and sweat.
The well-choreographed action has a video game's fluidity and brute force.
A pretty satisfying diversion.
Jet Li finally shows some spark as an actor.
...convoluted but nevertheless intriguing...Unleashed still manages to incorporate the spirit of a palatable actioner that resonates with energetic force
The premise is so absurd that one would have to play it slightly tongue-in-cheek for the film to be any fun at all, [but] director Louis Leterrier goes the opposite direction
Audiences may play dead when they realize just how silly and insipid Unleashed is unleashed from its nasty fight scenes.
They didn't use much imagination -- or paper -- on this script.
If Unleashed is morally and narratively direct, its execution is all over the place.
The film's apparent belief that it's more than a tarted-up action flick is even more ludicrous than the story.
A continuously gripping and sympathetic action film.
A sort of adult fable, "Unleashed" is Jet Li's finest American release so far.
It's the same stuff that as we always get where like the henchman come up to him one by one.
A compelling and touching story. Jet Li's acting is on an equal with his amazing action feats.
the four primary actors give their characters such charm or, in the case of Hoskins, magnetically coarse bluster, that the story seems utterly plausible.
The writing, direction, performances-and above all the editing-help Unleashed to rise to the top of the pack in your not-so-average martial arts and British gangster flicks.
a great, goofy, visceral piece of genre filmmaking
The first martial arts pic in recent memory with a three-dimensional villain.
That's a lot of diverse talent that makes a melange rather than something more pure
Uniquely entertaining in a visceral, emotional way.
Hoskins, in particular, is stunning, adding layers and dimensions to Bart that are completely unexpected. This isn't your typical maniacal over-the-top villainous performance but instead a nuanced, evenly subtle examination of evil.
The film contains enough quiet, reflective moments for us to become aware how preposterous the central conceit is, and that keeps us at arm's length. For a movie that strives to be in-your-face, that's too far away.
A modern day Frankenstein.
A nice, violent little film about the redemptive powers of art and love.
Brutal and bizarre, Unleashed is also peculiarly moving.
A film that could use a little less conversation, a lot more action.
The movie would work better with fewer elements.
The movie doesn't make it, but there's enough going on to make it more arf than barf.
The Brit-gangster grit, punched up by fight choreographer Yuen Wo-ping's visceral action sequences, mixes awkwardly with the sappy sentimentality.
Unleashed is that rarest of things: a violent movie that makes you think.
A clever, expertly done variation on the old (but always potent), monster/mad-scientist fairy tale.
Li and his Unleashed company have made a wildly entertaining piece of ultra-violence that also stands as a gleefully absurdist adventure story.
Unleashed is the kind of martial arts movie we would see if Tom Hanks could execute a flying spin kick.
A gritty, action-packed and surprisingly inventive film.
Wildly improbable, totally unbelievable, and rounded out with absurd characters. So, why is it brainlessly enjoyable?
The frame itself seems to shake with fear whenever that collar comes off.
Not as much fun as Kung Fu Hustle, not as painterly as House of Flying Daggers or Hero, Unleashed is still a fascinating metaphor for the action star only allowed on screen to bust heads and break legs.
A ridiculous idea about a human 'attack dog' that works for a while -- until a long, corny middle derails the action.
Even though the dramatic aspect doesn't quite click, it's a watchable experiment.
This one's strictly for the dogs.
Li shouldn't stop the acting lessons yet..., but his easy byplay with Freeman shows he is a quick study.
Pure nonsense. But modestly diverting nonsense.
Those who want unrestrained action may find the melodrama a bit too soppy and those admiring the sweetness of the subplot will likely cringe during the blood and gore scenes.
An uneven but wildly entertaining hybrid about body and soul.
The Dickensian trials of a poor shackled martial artist, but save your great expectations for the next summer action movie.
Let's just say that docility is not the best use of a martial artist's talents.
Unleashed is easily [Li's] best, most consistently exciting film in quite some time.
Unleashed is one of those rare gems, a date movie with exploding squibs.
The insult in Unleashed comes not so much in having Li act like a dog but in refusing to let him be a man.
...fans of martial arts movies might be willing to tolerate the slow and mushy parts of Unleashed, it's unlikely anyone who's not an action fan will go near it.
[T]he setup and casting are so odd you can't always be sure where the film is going.
Somewhat botches a surefire premise, even if Danny the Dog earns his place in the existential petting zoo alongside Rudyard Kipling's Mowgli and George Clinton's Atomic Dog.
There is much that's worthy about Unleashed, but you wish that somebody in charge would have reined in its dissonant excesses.
It was only after [Li] came to America to do his high-flying thing that he was stripped of his personality. Here he gets stripped of his dignity as well.
We have a ways to go before we can award weirdness honors for 2005, but Unleashed already qualifies for the short list.
Colossally stupid.
Unleashed serves two masters, each one disappointingly: It's a brutal series of over-amped fights, and it's a touching story of human nature at war with itself.
Unleashed, which swiftly works its way to an over-the-top climax, is top-grade hokum. That's a compliment.
One of the best non-comic book action films I've seen in a while.
Unleashed = unmemorable.
Bad doggy!
[A] modern fairy tale with a power to speak to our most elemental fears... one with a power to haunt our dreams and nightmares...
The story is modest, the drama direct yet resonant, and the action forgoes pyrotechnics for the unique special effect of martial arts mastery in action.
Unleashed is one of those truly cursed movies that never had a chance ... Maybe someone should rub his nose in the script, so Besson will never do it again.
A rarity: a thoughtful, surprising film wholly within the martial arts genre.
Unleashed has incredible moments of operatic, absurdist violence, but the film is never buried by it, and retains its core as a softer kaleidoscope of ***-kickery.
Li's best English-language movie to date.
Even popcorn fun like this needs a little more weight in its corner.
The silly, unconscionably entertaining action film Unleashed earns most of its juice from the martial-arts star Jet Li.
A martial artist doing a character piece is as daring a stunt as any, and... it's also Morgan Freeman's best work since Shawshank Redemption.
Unleashed presents an action aesthetic more in line with Ong-Bak than Hero
Falls short as an emotional drama but brings down the house with its incredible fight choreography and action sequences.
The film is ingenious in its construction. It has all the martial arts action any Jet Li fan could possibly desire.
A series of ugly, brutal fight sequences surround a sweet story of healing in an uneasy combination -- or collision.
High-concept schlock...mingles a thoroughly ridiculous action movie with an incredibly mawkish melodrama.
Luc Besson's screenplay is dumb, but has just enough weird touches to give occasional glimmers of interest.
Picture Of Mice and Men remade for the smash-mouth set and you have Unleashed.
Thrilling, bone-crunching, gloriously choreographed fight scenes, but they're in between the more enduring core of the film, which is a character-centric family drama.
The few unfortunate nods to convention are certainly forgivable when the rest of the picture stands uncommonly above the genre norm.
A one-off jaunt, a burly brawl buried in genre topsoil but possessing no deeper root in a franchise or some other such anchor.
Unleashed has a good idea and a great character, and it can't figure out what to do with them.
The martial-arts mastery we expect is all there, in spectacular fashion, yet the story also allows Li to show off boyish vulnerability, and it's a winning combination.
Unleashed gives Li the opportunity to do more than his trademark hard-eyed stare, throwing him into the ring with heavyweight thesps Bob Hoskins and Morgan Freeman. Fight fans, he goes the distance.
The most enjoyable film Besson has had his name on in eons.
Even with its clever gimmick, Unleashed is like an old dog: No new tricks.
Permeated with dark shadows that recall Frankenstein and The Elephant Man, Unleashed features a quite clever premise before detouring into a plot twist that should've been muzzled.
...the latest Jet Li vehicle to emerge from Hollywood is the best so far...
[Unleashed] may not be the year's best dramatic film, but it is a great piece of popcorn entertainment.
Here's an irresistible pulp fantasy premise that screams drive-in classic.
The first happy surprise of 2005.
In these dark days of lazy filmmaking, it's nice to return to the days of old when real cars flipped over and real people get tossed out of windows.
[Has] three or four gangbusters action sequences, all of which are unexpectedly stomach-clenching.
I've been waiting for a kickass action movie like this one all year...
Missing from Unleashed is every hallmark of good filmmaking.
Jet Li lets fly with his fists and feet of fury. Which is all to the good. It's the sentimental story that screenwriter Luc Besson sandwiches in between fights that induces a gag reflex.
The premise is fascinating, and well worth exploring. But Besson isn't interested in a serious study; he has entertainment on his mind.
The most interesting English-language film [Li] has made yet -- an action picture with the emotional simplicity of a bedtime story, painted in the grimy colors of the London underworld.
When Jet Li tries to emote, my kidney starts to implode. Please stop him.
It almost perfectly meshes the best of Kamen's and Besson's sensibilities.
Auds craving for a mix of full-bore, Droog-style ultraviolence and shameless sentimentality made palatable by name thesps will find what they want in Jet Li showcase [Unleashed].






@highlight

Jet Li gets to emote in some emotionally awkward scenes, but the gritty fight sequences come through in what is Li's best English language film.