Yes, this is a gangster movie worth seeing, and it should be seen on the big screen.
... it was entertaining, but quite long.
Only Depp prevents the film sinking beneath its own weight. His performance is so stunning, the rest of the big-name cast is almost wasted as he absorbs the audience's full attention.
The reflection of pink neon off the crimson silk of a lawman's tie as he stands in wait under the Biograph marquee; a patch of sodium-vapor orange city sky above a bridge as magnetic and floating as a square in a Rothko canvas...
The desperate times in which we suddenly find ourselves ... make Public Enemies seem especially timely.
A quiet, thoughful, almost dreamy meditation on violence, on work, on love and on death. It's The Insider with tommy guns.
On a sweltering July day in 1934, John Dillinger went to the movies and ended up dead. Now, 75 years later, the movies are killing him again.
It's looking more and more like Michael Mann will never be able to recapture that Heat hotness.
Instead of glamorizing the early 20th century thug life, it humanizes it a little too much. This drags the movie down and is not the reason I like to go see gangster movies.
Adheres to the historical facts of Dillinger's well-documented tapestry of brazen daylight heists, gritty shootouts and improbable jailbreaks.
Burrows deeply into the depths of the Great Depression.
Once Mann is done establishing his characters the film begins to get down to the most interesting element he brings to the project: the saddening decline of a giant.
... meanders and never delivers the pay-off it promises.
Lawmen and outlaws collide in Mann's stylish, brutal drama.
If only Mann's obsession with technical perfection extended to drafting screenplays.
Public Enemies is a thoroughly detailed and engaging crime epic, which traces the criminal exploits and pursuit of infamous gangster, John Dillinger.
Mann seems undecided about what he wants Enemies to accomplish, so he tries a little bit of everything.
Public Enemies is an enjoyable experience but it feels like it could have been a whole lot more and another gangster classic.
A lesson in how watching a man in front of the camera hit his mark can make one wish the man behind the camera had such true aim.
Feels like experimental filmmaking and never seems to transcend that to something more profound or awe-inspiring.
Depp's performance overcomes every flaw in the film. He ends up playing Dillinger exactly as he should be--suave, mysterious, romantic, but with obvious elements of cruelty and unbridled violence.
Not to say this is not a well-crafted movie with excellent performances. It is. It is also curiously one-sided and shallow like many movies about famous outlaws tend to be.
Michael Mann, director of Public Enemies has capped an extremely impressive decade of work with a movie that approaches greatness but just misses.
An experimental film masked as a studio blockbuster
The popular reaction to what the defiant anti-hero came to represent in depression-era America made it almost criminal to call him one.
...a thinking man's gangster movie. While there's plenty of action for those looking for a shoot-'em-up, it's a decidedly cold-blooded affair
You can put together all the elements that should create gold and yet without that charmed, mysterious sprinkle of cinematic pixie dust, the alchemy fails to work.
By the time director Michael Mann gets around to making clear his intention of creating a throwback to Hollywood gangster films of the '30s, "Public Enemies" has long since worn out its welcome.
Michael Mann is our poet laureate of bank robbery.
Like Dillinger, Mann and his jangly camera live for the moment. If Public Enemies doesn't cut it as history or mythologising, it succeeds staggeringly well as a series of set pieces.
I'd say this is Mann's best film since The Insiders. Or maybe even The Last of the Mohicans. Now there's glory.
Public Enemies finds [Mann] a bit slower on his feet. The film lacks the narrative dexterity of Collateral and The Insider. And the end result veers between solid and stolid.
A triumph of pure cinema, Public Enemies is one of the most visually experimental films of Mann's career.
Mann and his writers recount Dillinger's story clearly and with more historical accuracy than some of the earlier film versions, but you're left wondering, "So what?"
I actually found a complete lack of character development here.
There's a lot to admire, but it's not up to the standard of Mann's, or Depp's, best work.
Director Michael Mann's return to crime is a breathtaking gangster movie shot in unusual though spectacular digital high definition.
Over 140 minutes that genuinely fly by, Mann crafts a highly atmospheric and emotion-charged movie experience that is sure to be remembered as a touchstone release of 2009.
Best of all, Mann and his cast achieve a grim atmosphere of fatal inevitability as the net slowly tightens around Dillinger and his free-wheeling criminal cohorts.
Certainly worth a look, but you might feel that Mann keeps his characters, apart from Billie, at arm's length.
Depp and Bale as Dillinger and the FBI agent tracking him are excellent and the film is a consistently entertaining, thoughtful and high paced ride, that Dillinger actually did the more extraordinary actions portrayed is the only way their inclusion in a
The choice of digital tends to only exacerbate the films many flaws. It even reveals the imperfections of Johnny Depp's face. Who wants to see that?
What it lacks in thrills is made up for by its captivating characters and impressive attention to period details.
Evoca o embate de personalidades (e de diferentes lados da Lei) visto em outras obras do cineasta.
A wonky art-house curio disguised as a summer blockbuster... it's also one hell of a Western.
At times incoherent, at times self conscious and thanks to Dante Spinotti being allowed to go hand held, almost always irritating to watch.
Mann's film is an explosive affair, filled with pounding bullets, graphic violence and a heart-warming love story at its core that changes the way we view the cult outlaw who lives only for today
Sure, Public Enemies can still boast Mann's crisp HD aesthetics and stylistic cool but the showdown between Dillinger and Purvis lack ... well ... Heat.
You would think that sexy 1930's gangsters using excessive force and chasing around in gorgeous cars would at least be enough to help me forget that I need to do some laundry, but you would be wrong.
John Dillinger was a violent man who died a violent death.In 'Public Enemies,' we learn the story of how he evaded the FBI %u2013 even escaping from prison - to become a nationally known bank robber and Public Enemy No. 1.
Mann doesn't let his movie breathe. It's a downright beautiful production... everything looks great- so why not show it?
a cool and calculated throwback to the romanticized heyday of gangster films
...this is pure 1930s movie escapism, which would be fine if Spinotti's camera was up to the task of capturing the contrast between the glitzy dance halls where Dillinger plays and the scrappy climes in which he hides.
... Depp has a few solid scenes that spark to life, only to have the spark fail to ignite a consistent interest in the story.
With its well-staged stickups and shootouts … it seems to be all surface — a glossy updating of 1930s Hollywood gangster melodrama without any substantial commentary or insight.
It's an adult drama that tells a great historic story... a story about eras changing... a very strong dramatic movie on a very big scale.
Mann draws a sprawling cast together with a myriad of period details that give an authentic sheen, without letting the audience get confused in the sea of historic information.
Sensational and turbulent, the relationship between John Dillinger and Melvin Purvis sold newspapers and attracted newsreel audiences. It was good for business.
In this era where we all hate banks (as Mojo Nixon once sang) does Hollywood really want to put out a film that glorifies bank robbers? Obviously yes.
Though faithful to Bryan Burrough's painstakingly researched book, Michael Mann's 'Public Enemies' offers more an abstract impression of Dillinger than a fully satisfying portrait.
The film ends powerfully.
Some sloppy storytelling prevents Public Enemies from reaching greatness anyway, but what hampers the movie is Mann's decision to shoot in high definition video. The movie just looks cheap.
A strangely distant, quasi-demythification of the tale of John Dillinger that keeps threatening to turn into a truly fine movie without ever quite pulling it off.
Public Enemies wears it well.
Johnny Depp does his best but the script gives him no possible way to present a fully fleshed out character
Public Enemies traffics in the accumulation of detail at the expense of a big picture.
A decent look at Dillinger, then, but by no means the masterpiece it could have been.
In a film that somewhat disapoints, casting is top rate.
I do think this is a film worth seeing, so obviously, I say see it.
Some strong performances, but I expected more from this great director and stellar cast.
Public Enemies isn't my No. 1 of the year, but it's close. Even more powerful than Depp is the way Mann controls this film's look and feel.
...Johnny Depp and Christian Bale playing cops and robbers in fedoras and pinstripe suits.
The great theme of 'Public Enemies' is the inevitability and finality of death.
It was tough to get caught in those days. These FBI guys couldn't catch an STD from Brett Michaels.
The narrative has a few holes, but on the whole this will please fans of the genre and those looking for an accessible document of John Dillinger's life.
Describes as well as any other recent film the adage 'Live fast, die young, and leave a handsome body.'
...one of the most exciting and fresh films of the year.
Has the innovative looks and cool appeal to take you under its charged cinematic spell and win you over.
Public Enemies is like a Bugsy Malone for fashionistas - the actors look like models on a GQ shoot, posing about in dapper suits and toting fake shooters. The brilliant jail sets and Chicago recreations only add to a sense of mannequin perfection for styl
Another intriguing performance by Johnny Depp is the highlight of 'Public Enemies,' a film not always easy to follow.
Expect good but not great. Despite the clear talent behind this highly competent film, it is a little disappointing Public Enemies is not as Best Picture quality as it purports to be.
There are powerful images that sear into your brain upon contact with your eyes but PUBLIC ENEMIES clearly wants to alienate the audience as much as it engages them.
Never mind crime, I'm declaring the nation's first war on hand-held cameras.
Michael Mann's Public Enemies is epic filmmaking with B-movie content. It's as if a wannabe David Lean got down and dirty Americana-style.
Though less ravishing than Miami Vice, Public Enemies again finds Michael Mann forging new ground in the digital arts.
If John Dillinger had not existed... Michael Mann would have had to invent him.
It's a fascinating moment in history, and Mann captures the cars, the guns and the buildings with painstaking, immersive authenticity.
Even the bank jobs and prison breaks feel perfunctory and enervated.
Mann's best film since Heat is arguably the best movie anyone's made since Heat.
Questionable production values alone are not enough to sink a movie. Cinema doesn't have to look great if it has something to say. But it's not entirely clear what Public Enemies is trying to say.
It's a picture with virility and confidence, and unlike Dillinger's machine-gun, which the man himself expertly takes to pieces, it never quite jams, and gets off one or two lethal rounds.
What's dismaying about Public Enemies, over and beyond the unintelligibility of much of the dialogue and the sliminess of its digital sheen, is that it has no sense of why it's been made.
Many talented people, but especially Christian Bale are short-changed by his clouded vision. The brightly glaring digital photography doesn't help, but in the end the worst crime is that the story is just plain dull.
hit the link to read the full review
A film more to admire than to love.
Classy for sure. Sharply paced too. But while Public Enemies gives Bonnie And Clyde a run for their money, The Godfather has nothing to fear.
This superstar crime thriller emerges as something surprising, fascinating and technically dazzling. Don't expect a Hollywood movie. Expect a Michael Mann movie.
This crisp digital look affords Public Enemies an incredible sense of immediacy. Mann, too, has a strong eye for forensic detail that ramps up the vividness of the film.
Whilst there is a lot of gun action and violent set pieces in this, it's really a piece that is really all about the characters and it hands down the best gangster movie of the last decade... at least. One of this year's few must see movies.
Mann dedicates himself to making Dillinger look cool, and that's the problem with the whole movie. It looks the business, but has no depth, nothing to say, no new angle. It just feels like a homage to older, better films.
What Michael Mann has achieved with the new Public Enemies is to capture some of the raw energy and allure of the old gangster B-films.
It tills the old ground, albeit with new-style star power and Mann's signature cinematic flourishes. But Depp is unduly subdued and Mann's cape work is oversold.
It lacks the cinematic gravitas to stand alongside classic gangster epics like 'Bonnie and Clyde' and 'The Untouchables.'
Here is a film alive in a way we've not perceived before: a breathtakingly new visual experience, a precision-choreographed action thriller, and a classically minded piece of American art.
Shot in pin-sharp high-definition, this is one amazing-looking movie, where even the most ordinary scenes crackle with energy and suspense. As with Heat, Mann's made not just the crime drama of the year, but possibly of the decade too.
Like Dillinger, the film lives fast, only to die young.
Public Enemies is one of those films that lurches between sheer brilliance and muddled moments... but it does feature Johnny Depp in terrific form and is worth seeing just for him alone.
While the FBI's brave new ideas worked, Mann's do not.
Public Enemies is original because everyone, outlaw and enforcer, criminal and cop, looks and behaves the same.
Confusions of mood are exacerbated by some fussy camera-work - handheld jigging, switches between sepia and grainy, modern video. What it needs is the old-fashioned simplicities: a bit more black-and-white; a bit more bang bang.
Public Enemies is an efficient, well-made period thriller the impact of which is dulled by our familiarity with the subject and knowledge of the outcome.
Those anticipating crackling, Heat-style cat-and-mouse Al Pacino/Robert de Niro face-offs will be left like disappointed kittens without the cream.
Michael Mann may not succeed with Public Enemies but the attempt is compelling enough.
An on-the-spot, VIP ushering into the gangster movie hall of fame. It's a real movie, one which you'll be proud to say you paid to see. Eat that, Optimus.
Mann approaches this film almost like poetry, using fine camerawork and editing to focus on internal emotions
The highlights are too few, and come far too late in the hefty 140-minute running time. This film is an attempt at great art that fails.
With great period detail it's purely an A to B account of Dillinger's last days. Perhaps I was expecting more from the talent involved in making what is still a solid enough summer blockbuster.
Mann never quite transforms any of it into something cohesive. It's if he has decided to present us with lots of stunning raw material and expects us to do all the work in making it make sense. It's a bold approach.
The hottest gangster movie in ages.
This romance is a real romance; these clichés are good clichés. The result is a conflicting and haunting experience.
It's flat and direct, and when a line or two slips out that sounds like it wants to elevate Dillinger's life into a grand theme, it's quickly hammered down.
Public Enemies is a delicious feast for an interpretive viewer.
Our connections with Public Enemies remain abstract. The darkness and the distance kill the fun.
Public Enemies is, at its core, a fascinating portrait of criminal narcissism.
Public Enemies is a riveting, carefully paced character-driven piece that's a fascinating trip into American history.
Too detached emotionally and a bit opaque in its characterizations but the swift footed camera work has a harsh beauty and Johnny Depp entertains.
Even if specific elements disappoint, the movie as a whole lingers in your head long after the credits roll.
America in the throes of a depression idolized them as heroes. They robbed hated banks. Some think today's bank robbers actually run them but that's commentary for another day.
Hyper-romanticized revisionist history reflecting America's ongoing love affair with gangsters.
This period gangster saga may be filled with exciting gun battles yet can't deliver the firepower in ways that matter the most.
The story of the visually curious Michael Mann film Public Enemies has been told before in movies more exciting but rarely more thoughtful than this one.
The cat and mouse game played by the world's most prolific bank robber and the first big-time FBI agent isn't worth a slice of government cheese.
... as strange and exhilarating as riding the running board of John Dillinger's fast, shiny, black getaway car.
The best rejoinder to Public Enemies is Michael Jackson's Smooth Criminal video... It's a tommy-gun gangster fantasia with a touch of Guys and Dolls, and it's everything Public Enemies isn't.
Johnny Depp plays John Dillinger with wry charm, but the famous actor also gets in the legendary gangster's way.
Mann excels at staging the chaotic bank jobs and bloody shootouts that were just a day at the office for Dillinger, but even at 140 minutes the movie is so dense with incident that there isn't much room for cultural comment or character development.
Uses the gangster movie form to say something profound and unexpected about the way we respond to evil.
Public Enemies is exactly what summer audiences deserve - a smart, sophisticated action movie. So why does it feel like a letdown?
After all the gunfire exchanges, there's not much time for the human exchange. Neither for the leads or the colorful secondary characters. Such glorious acting talent, gone up in so much machine gun smoke.
This is a hugely enjoyable, impressively directed thriller with a great ensemble cast and powerful performances by Johnny Depp, Christian Bale and Marion Cotillard.
Rather than deconstruct our culture's romanticized vision of Dillinger as a handsome populist hero, Mann adds to the gangster's puffed-up Robin Hood image. A missed opportunity.
Boasts solid performances by Johnny Depp and the radiant Marion Cotillard, but suffers from excessive style over substance. It often drags and lacks insight, palpable thrills along with dramatic tension.
The screenplay's layers reveal themselves gradually, the film having a documentary like verisimilitude that is at times absolutely electric.
Depp makes for a smashing anti-hero who audiences won't mind seeing die onscreen. Mann's approach is old fashioned but emotionally satisfying.
The film is not great, but it is very good in most respects, and a few isolated moments achieve greatness.
The movie tangentially holds your interest, but could have been so much better if it had developed a rooting interest for one side or the other.
While Michael Mann's Public Enemies is very good, it's missing the spark that could have pushed it to "great."
It's no "Heat." For skirting the lawman's story, call it "Warmth." Still, it bulks up, with Midwestern muscle, from a violent version of "The Aviator" into Mann's "Gangs of New York" - unwieldy and imperfect, but compelling, exciting and thoughtful.
Public Enemies is a series of theses, not a story, and nothing in Mann's bag of tricks makes it cohere.
This is not a terrible movie, just disappointing when considering all the talent firing and dodging lead.
My biggest gripe lies with Mann, who mixes movie metaphors like a mad scientist.
...flat. The film moves along with no rhyme or reason.
Despite some minor strikes and overlooking a yawn of a performance by Christian Bale, Public Enemies indeed stars two decisive characters among 2009's best so far: Johnny Depp and the meticulously recreated environment that is Chicago itself.
For people who loved Heat, this is a tour de force.
Michael Mann shows some restraint and comes up big with this one.
Mann not only lacks the narrative efficiency of old genre filmmaking, Public Enemies' look inspires the opposite of movie love.
Good, but not great
"Public Enemies" knows the language of the gangster movie so well, and yet director Michael Mann has taken it and created something exciting and new out of it.
Public Enemies is a strange and cool (as opposed to warm or dull) picture, a modernist symphony about a man who styled himself a latter-day Robin Hood.
A Michael Mann movie is a Michael Mann movie, and fans will not be disappointed.
The underconceived Public Enemies suffers from that lack of drive, though Johnny Depp is so urgent and charismatic as John Dillinger, he provides enough firepower to make the film legit.
It fits neatly on the shelf with Bonnie and Clyde and The Godfather.
Although Public Enemies does not ascend to the heights of Bonnie and Clyde or The Untouchables, it is nevertheless an effective depiction of the final months of the life of one of the United States' most infamous criminals.
Michael Mann's sharp-looking movie is a worthy vehicle for Depp, even if it doesn't break any new ground in the well-worn gangster genre.
This account is true as far as it goes. It just doesn't go far enough.
With Public Enemies, he has made an impressive film of great formal skill, one that inescapably has a brooding dark-night-of-the-soul quality about it.
Director Michael Mann has taken the story of John Dillinger, and has made from it a drama full of dread and atmosphere, a 140-minute film that in no way seems long, that's a succession of compelling scenes, with no dead wood.
More interesting than involving, Public Enemies focuses on history at the expense of the characters that lived that history. It's all story without emotional impact.
It's like spending an afternoon -- a long one -- at a beautifully lit wax-museum display inspired by earlier gangster movies.
Public Enemies is as elegant and muscular a film as one could hope for in a summer of flash and noise. Which is not to say director Michael Mann's gangster saga lacks flash and simmer.
As sophisticated as it is entertaining, Public Enemies isn't the sort of film that's usually associated with the summer. But it has more than enough firepower to be a blockbuster.
More enamored with the Dillinger myth than with the actual man.
Michael Mann has terrific visual ideas but, in Public Enemies even more than Miami Vice, he is so fascinated by how everything looks that he doesn't care whether the story or people make sense.
While Public Enemies is a well made, well acted, well written film, it's one without a spark at the center to make it truly special.
With its measured, team-produced screenplay by Mann, Ronan Bennett, and Ann Biderman, Public Enemies makes heavy business of the notion that Hoover ushered in an era of ethically elastic law-enforcement procedures still recognizable today.
Amid the summer season of spectacle and silliness, Public Enemies appears as an oasis of adult entertainment.
Depp is playing off a marvelous foil in Marion Cotillard.
It might sound damning to say that the film resembles a bullet-riddled carcass just barely clinging to life, but it's exactly this ephemeral sensation, which Mann sustains for the entire two hours plus, that distinguishes Public Enemies.
Mann and co-screenwriters Ronan Bennett and Ann Biderman faithfully adapt the Dillinger portion of Bryan Burrough's absorbing 2004 book by the same name, using the same locations where famous breakouts and shootouts occurred.
Could be a battle of wits and wills. Instead, it's a battle to stay awake.
Director Michael Mann mounts a technically proficient, visually enthralling crime drama anchored by the low-key but captivating performance of Johnny Depp as legendary bank robber John Dillinger.
Public Enemies, despite packing thunderous rounds of ammunition, is a touch too remote.
Great performances, great camera work, but just not engrossing. It did accomplish one thing though. It made me want to go read a book on Dillinger so I can be moved in the way I should have been by the film.
True-crime story or romantic myth-making? This was the question I brought in to Michael Mann's Public Enemies...and, though seemingly an either-or proposition, the question still on my mind when I walked out.
The movie ends with a line of dialogue so startlingly inane that it leaves the picture flapping on the screen like a punctured balloon. It may be the most brutal moment in the whole movie.
It simply doesn't posses the same sort of testosterone-fueled intensity and bravado that made the filmmaker's earlier effort something of a classic in the action genre.
For all its surface beauty and energetic shootouts, this underwritten picture doesn't cut very deep and is strangely inert.
We've been left with a film that can't settle on which history it wants to tell and ends up dispelling the myth that a new film by Michael Mann is a cause worth celebrating.
An action-heavy thriller so consistently barebones and lacking in any truly subversive thrust, and with mere peripheral vision of the historical moment, that the guns and clothes have more personality than the people.
What could have been Michael Mann's masterpiece ends up being a bland, slow, emotionless film with a couple of brilliant scenes sprinkled in the mix.
You desperately want to be grabbed and taken along for what should be one of the most exciting "true stories" in history, but instead you're stuck wondering why actors as good as Depp and Bale aren't able to make their characters come to life and a direct
Even when Dillinger is at rest, Public Enemies exudes a nervous tension, the sense that flight is imminent.
Ultimately an odd blend of frustrating and satisfying.
This is the purest of American narratives, and this, indeed, is one of our finest storytellers.
Audience members who find themselves on the same wavelength as Mann and his screenwriters will find enough to talk about to keep them raving about Public Enemies for days.
This is swooning male anti-hero worship.
America's love affair with gangsters and gangster movies started when such writers as 1920s Chicago crime reporter Ben Hecht and novelist W.R. Burnett went West to forge the myth of a new American criminal in the smithy of Hollywood's Dream Machine.
In the hands of Michael Mann the film looks great, feels deliberate, and effectively explores our culture's fascination with outlaws.
If there is one thing that Mann makes sure to get right in his movies, it's the look, and Public Enemies is no exception.
As always, no one does a bank heist quite like Mann, but as one of the most under-rated director's from the West, very few can tell a story as rich and complete as him either.
Public Enemies is a good film but considering the talent working on it, it is not unfair to say that it really should have been a better film.
"Public Enemies" had the potential of being one of the best adult films of the summer season. However, Mann's would-be gangster saga lacks personality. It fails to exploit its topic and its first-rate cast. And that is a crime.
In this diligent but somehow chilly and uninvolving retelling of the story the details seems right and Depp delivers a performance of enormous depth, maturity and appeal.
It's a film whose execution often fails to live up to its ambitions, but like all of Mann's films, it has a level of seriousness and craftsmanship that demands your attention.
An impeccably produced crime drama that doesn't trade intelligence for excitement and offers plenty of both.
A generic title for one of the most generic, forgettable biopics in recent memory. Even Depp's formidable charm cannot illuminate the utter dreariness of this flatline of film.
Falls short in the areas that set great cinema apart.
A sumptuously designed and minutely detailed work that manages to remain compelling despite its essential familiarity while featuring top-notch contributions from everyone on both sides of the camera.
...lurching from one shootout to another,...this is pretty faithful to the facts. Unfortunately, as entertainment it falls short.
...Mann's head-scratching use of bottom-of-the-barrel HD cameras ensures that each and every shot looks as though it were filmed in somebody's backyard.
Public Enemies is Heat with fedoras, a gangster epic that is easily the best thing Mann has done in more than a decade, an intensely visceral tour-de-force.
Downright amazing in the ways it has gone wrong. Taking into account the talent involved in front of and behind the camera, the finished product is almost a travesty.
A dull and lifeless gangster movie that immediately disappears from the mind.
Public Enemies succeeds in having its cake and eating it too, exemplifying Hollywood filmmaking the way it's supposed to be.
There is a lot to discuss concerning Public Enemies ... but the elephant in the theater is that the movie looks like crud.
A great looking but boring misfire.
So much of this gangster drama is so good, it is especially disappointing when so much of the rest of it is not.
An honest to goodness grown-up epic in the season of adolescent fantasies and overpriced empty action spectacles...
Michael Mann's Public Enemies is a grave and beautiful work of art.
Public Enemies grinds to nothing more than a watered-down escape caper, a chase without context or meaning.
This film deserves to be seen by as wide an audience as possible, though. It certainly features terrific performances by the cast, especially the leads.
Too much of Public Enemies feels disappointingly smaller than life.
Public Enemies has everything going for it except a reason and a script.
A stylish stiff, hobbled by surprisingly uncharismatic lead performances from its stars.
a collection of beautiful pictures as inert as a coffee-table book.
Mann delivers as does Depp and Bale. Billy Crudup's J. Edgar Hoover mesmerizes. As usual, Mann shortchanges female roles. Marion Cotillard is a dull temptress.
As technically flawless a film as we've come to expect from a master filmmaker like Michael Mann, but handled far more clinically than some might expect considering the subject matter and the summer release.
Though it provides no insight into its subject, Michael Mann's John Dillinger biopic is still an engrossing period piece, thanks largely to the director's sure hand and signature style.
Ultimately, the movie's a bust.
What's strangely missing from this social picture is any image of the economic misery that made Dillinger a folk hero.
[F]rustrating and fascinating... Backstory? Forget it. Motivations? Never mind. This is a movie that exists completely in its own moment -- not in the past, not in the future.
Even as a valentine to gangster movies, Public Enemies leaves you wishing that you, like Dillinger on the last night of his life, were watching Manhattan Melodrama instead.
All this docudrama grit allows for precious little dramatic juice.
It's movie dynamite.
Director Michael Mann is a stylish, brooding perfectionist who makes movies about men who are stylish, brooding perfectionists.
Anyone doubting the role "charisma" plays in the movies need look no further than Public Enemies, an old fashioned gangster picture built on simple star power.
The fatally miscast Johnny Depp's smaller-than-life performance as the famed gangster is the central flaw in Michael Mann's disappointing, curiously uninvolving Public Enemies.
Michael Mann's extraordinary Public Enemies is an unusual sort of gangster picture, a near-impressionistic recreation of the last year in the life of one of American history's most notorious bank robbers.
A missed opportunity to make gangster picture with flesh-and-blood characters.
Mann may believe he is pushing the edge with his newfound affection for digital, but Public Enemies is really old fashioned filmmaking.
Visually, Enemies is pure, reckless masturbation, picking exhaustive immediacy over needed finesse and restraint. For those expecting a chic thrill ride of cops and robbers, Public Enemies is not that picture.
Depp operates like a star in more ways than one: He holds everyone in place with his gravitational pull.
What's the reason to make this movie, now?
Is there any role Johnny Depp cannot make his own?
Something about Dillinger's bloody, summary death has always nagged at the public; Mann is clearly urging today's audiences to draw its own conclusions.
Mann knows exactly how to pace this kind of movie, set to a veritable symphony of gunshots, and Public Enemies feels both wonderfully populated and beautifully controlled.
Impressive filmmaking and a disarming lead performance by Johnny Depp bring luster to this stylish re-creation of Melvin Purvis' pursuit of brazen '30s bank robber John Dillinger.
Here is a film that shrugs off the way we depend on myth to sentimentalize our outlaws.
Public Enemies is a good movie -- sometimes very good -- that could have been a great one.
Public Enemies isn't quite a summer blockbuster -- but it's got more brains and guts than almost anything else playing out there, and stands as a fascinating movie to think about over the 4th of July.
It's a fascinating bundle of contradictions--authentic in a million details, deeply romanticized in others. Cool, calm and collected, this is more love story than gangster picture.
Were so many details used on the production design that none were left over for the story?
The film kicks you in the balls with awesomeness, but is smart enough not to turn back and keep kicking you until you forget you're being kicked.
Awesome, action-packed and enthralling...
The director shoots Depp in close-ups that accentuate the actor's handsome features -- those warm, brown eyes, sharp cheekbones and soft lips -- and verge on idolatry.
The movie is emotionally neutered.
Public Enemies isn't a bad film, and it's mostly entertaining, but there was the possibility of a really great film in there somewhere. Unfortunately, this isn't it.
It's not a movie that begs the audience to like it or tries to seduce the audience with its style. When it's over, you know you've seen something of weight and import.
... a solid, smart adult entry into the summer sweepstakes this year, and a nice moment for Mann, even if it doesn't particularly break new ground.
Public Enemies fizzles at the moment of detonation.
As much as the film had bang for the buck, it just did not cut it.
Frequently taut but ultimately unsatisfying.
It's refreshing to see some grown-up mainstream filmmaking during the summer months. The film shows you can have star-driven action films that also deliver an emotional and visceral punch in the heart of blockbuster season.
Opinions will differ about Depp's iconic approach but this supremely mounted, painstakingly researched, well acted gangster epic is Michael Mann's most ambitious film since Heat, with insights about the mythic figure, law enforcement and broader contexts.
Overall impact is muted. Oddly, too, the film is somewhat shortchanged by its great star, Johnny Depp, who disappointingly has chosen to play Dillinger as self-consciously cool rather than earthy and gregarious.
As expected, Mann's period piece is technically flawless and visually accomplished, but the more heartening news is that this perfectionist filmmaker doesn't let the stylish action completely overwhelm his characters.
Thrilling, glamorous, richly textured and breathlessly action-packed, it is one of the best movies of the year.




@highlight

Michael Mann's latest is a competent and technically impressive gangster flick with charismatic lead performances, but some may find the film lacks truly compelling drama.