It feels like the slowest of Harry Potter movies...a great character dies, but he wasn't really utilized well, so you don't feel what you should...Order and the Phoenix is enjoyable and has its place, but it's my least favorite.
Author J.K. Rowling clearly knew a totalitarian regime when she saw one, and never hesitated to call out the toadies and enablers along with her big baddie.
This film does so many things right, it's hard to say what to single out for praise.
By focussing the story on Harry (a leaner and slightly meaner Daniel Radcliffe) and his exploits, Yates dispenses with many of the novel's subplots and is able to push the story forward, ominously foreshadowing the dark times to come.
The older these kids get, the darker and more engrossing the Harry Potter movies become.
It's clear that Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix has left the dewy-eyed awe of childhood magic and entered the brooding angst of adolescent powerlessness.
An emotional and involving installment in this hit or miss series
Yates leaps into big-budget cinema like a kid in a candy store, packing in nearly every compelling image from the 870-page source material.
Performances are more mature, the soundtrack (by Nicholas Hooper) less grandiose, and Yates executes some thrilling set-pieces.
Harry's got quite a lot on his plate this time around and that's both the strength and weakness of Order of the Phoenix.
Even at a running time of two hours and 18 minutes, it's all pretty thin stuff.
Además de la afortunada dirección, el que este episodio tuviera un buen resultado, era de esperarse. Con un presupuesto elevado, la mayor parte del elenco repitiendo y el talento histriónico de Emma Thompson, Alan Rickman, Ralph Fiennes, Helena Bonham Ca
The director, Peter Yates, pastes on the chiaroscuro, but under it is the summer-camp flatness that's always been the franchise's trademark
The franchise staff (ostensibly led by Brit-TV director David Yates) dive right in, smooshing Rowling's biggest book into the shortest film and treating the rich subtext -- as well as much of the text -- as dispensable.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is a gripping, evocative movie. David Yates has two great strengths to apply to the project. He is cinematically adept, and character is a priority for him.
Whether you will enjoy Order of the Phoenix relies, I suspect, largely on whether or not you are a Harry Potter fan to begin with.
The Harry Potter movies that are based on J.K. Rowling's novels have gotten progressively darker with each entry, and Order of the Phoenix may quite possibly be the darkest one yet.
With the supremely evil Valdemort having put in an appearance at the end of the previous film, you might think it would be time to circle the wagons and start planning some defensive strategies ... but you would be wrong.
There's a nagging feeling of dad trying to rush the family on a vacation. If you hurry this much, you're bound to miss something and that keeps the Potter films away from greatness.
Though it may be blasphemous to say so, this is one movie that is superior to the book.
The longest and weakest of the Potter novels becomes one of the better film adaptations of the series.
Only true fans of the books will notice many of these shortcomings, but I must hope that this was a fluke or misstep, not a sign of things to come.
...not much of a stand-alone picture but, rather, a transition from one major story strand to the next.
Possibly more Dirty Harry than the usual beloved kid bestseller bespectacled wonder wizard, as a dark side kicks in and Harry's soul is on the line.
Exciting fifth movie finds Harry angry, brooding.
With a script heavy on exposition almost completely devoid of sustained action sequences, Harry's latest is long on spiel and short on spells.
O kinimatografika agnostos David Yates, deyteros Bretanos skinothetis tis seiras kai me kainoyrio senariografo, bgainei san o pio diabasmenos sta biblia tis Rowling, katafernontas na ksehorisei me akribeia ta nimata ap' ta selidotoybla tis pubobias syggra
Casting a cinematic spell, "Harry Potter And The Order Of The Phoenix" rises to the top of this season's fantasy entertainment.
The good outweighs the bad by a wide margin, but just not quite enough to make this the best Harry Potter movie ever.
Definitely a much darker story than the first four, it is also richer and more compelling. (It's also the first one I really liked.)
Hogwarts instructors behave suspiciously (as usual). Kids spy on secret meetings ... break rules for the greater good (as usual). It all leads to a wizard showdown (as usual).
Grossly misfired where its predecessors had so (seemingly) effortlessly gone before. I was taking the high quality of the Potter movies for granted, like a Pixar or an Aardman movie. Bring back Steve Kloves! Crucio!
Order of the Phoenix, for all its shortcomings, does make clear the sense of loss and struggle that comes with maturity.
Unlike the Star Trek films, the Harry Potter films excel in their odd-numbered outings. Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is lighter and quicker than "Goblet of Fire" and ten times more enjoyable.
an exercise in patience and loyalty to have to sit through, at least for fans of the past two films
Every single Potter film is magical. Now they also seem to be getting more intelligent also.
A constant, highly engaging entry in the Harry Potter saga.
Brought me straight back to one of the most enduring of childhood feelings: boredom.
"Look at me!," Harry screams in anger early in the film. A command I highly recommend.
Decent...but it simply lacks the spark, novelty and, dare I say, magic that made the earlier pics enjoyable and entertaining
This chapter was designed to peak our interest in what unfolds in the next installment.
Except for Radcliff and Staunton, nobody gets more than an extended cameo.
There is a sense of being rushed throughout the film without any real dramatic urgency; it is more like a speed-tour through the narrative's greatest hits, with each scene beginning a little too late and ending a little too early.
Mostly Hogwarts.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is the most rousing of the Potter films so far, and certainly one of the best.
A sadly shortened version of the J.K. Rowling novel. Order of the Phoenix suffers greatly from its truncated length and absence of screenwriter Steve Kloves.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is one of those rare films that exceeds the source material.
A sombre and at times curiously sober movie, handsomely designed as always, atmospherically lit and confidently performed.
There is a lot to see, a lot to enjoy in Phoenix.
Those who like their Potter black will find much to appreciate.
Installment five boosts his [Harry's] rebellion to enjoyable levels of British pique.
What is lost is the texture and richness that permeated J.K. Rowling's fifth entry in the series. ... The movie, as most films do, sacrificed narrative for action.
It's accomplished, but par for the course: A bloated, basically watchable light show.
La adolescencia le sienta bien a Harry Potter y sus compañeros en esta quinta entrega de la serie, en la que hay emoción, romance, humor, fantasía, terror y extraordinarios efectos visuales.
One thing is for certain: this is the darkest of the Potter films to date.
We do get terrific work from the all-star British cast, and the special effects are as seamless as ever.
Yates' vision for Delores Umbridge is simple: She is to leave no wizard behind.
Projecting great emotional depth, Daniel Radcliffe shows his growth as an actor in this most serious Harry Potter adventure so far.
...the summer's first sequel that requires no apologies.
The second best Harry Potter movie.
... more satisfying than the last, but still not up to the gold standard of Cuaron's Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Complex, meditative & inspired in the way it allows tug-of-war fantasy ideals to be combined with elements of human drama and political intrigue.
The fifth in this unthinkably good franchise is the darkest yet and features fine work from a new writer and director, as well as a supporting cast which is nothing short of magical.
Both slow and hurried. A lot of fine actors get little screen time, but it gets the job done.
Snape even gets some extended scenes... and is no longer a peripheral eccentric presence but rather he's now showing shades of coloring beyond his dour black.
For almost the entirety of Order of the Phoenix, we see much the same thing we did in Goblet of Fire.
If this is as bad as the Potter series gets, it's a pretty good low-water mark.
Is the magic wearing off?
To a non-Potter fan like me, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix comes across as a standard action thriller and not a piece with any depth.
Though it feels a bit understated from time to time, "Harry Potter and Order of the Phoenix" is a solid, enjoyable addition to the Harry Potter franchise.
Director David Yates, who is new to the Potter franchise, moves the story along briskly, at the expense of texture and nuance.
The end may be in sight by now, but we're still not sure if it's a light at the end of this particular tunnel we see or the cold headlamp of some hell-bound train, bearing down on magic and Muggle alike.
It's frickin' Harry Potter.
Harry Potter fanatics will have a field day pointing out the numerous omissions from the book.
The darkest J.K. Rowling adaptation yet, literally as well as thematically: Even a zooming broomstick ride along the Thames is shot as if through a pall of gloom.
While I definitely like the movie, I don't think Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is the best film in the series because it's essentially all middle. In and of itself, the film does not really provide any kind of payoff.
Director David Yates, the first Brit to helm the series, invests "Order of the Phoenix" with a very sinister tone from his opening frames...
this isn't as much a full chapter in the seven-part series, but rather the set-up for the last two films
The childish fun and wonder of the early Potter movies has turned into high school fear and loathing. ...A downer of a wiz kid flick.
Like previous Potter installments, the danger is ever present and palpable, but now Harry is in dire need of his friends and it is intellectually refreshing to see a group of troubled youth rally together against the forces of evil.
Efficiently trimmed from a nearly 900-page novel, the latest Harry Potter film adaptation is an especially absorbing entry in the series.
I miss the youthful sense of magical discovery found in the earlier book, but love how the story has evolved into a complex drama.
Harry's cinematic leap to manhood is not unlike the wizard himself -- spellbinding.
A series that was in danger of becoming an adventure playground for digital trickery - "not another miraculous monster or flying thingummybob", we protest - exhibits, for once, a strong plot with a satirical edge.
Yates paces the film at a clip that makes this, the shortest in the series so far, seem even shorter.
This is a movie that's bound to satisfy most of those who have read the book, and a good many who haven't, too.
This fifth movie is where fans who understand the intrinsic darkness of the series will stand up and be counted.
It's magic, Harry, but not as we know it.
Feels more like a race than a film.
If Yates and Goldenberg haven't given the story shape, they have given it pace - something missing from the bloated and (to my disenchanted eyes) dreary book: even if the moments don't always connect, few of them are dull.
Saved by a wonderful performance from Imelda Staunton as sadistic teacher Dolores Umbridge, this pink-loving disciplinarian provides the best laughs, such as the plates on her wall adorned with moving cute kittens.
Pure magic.
Spicy new additions Imelda Staunton and Helena Bonham Carter stop the familiar flavours from growing stale, while Daniel Radcliffe finally gets his act(ing) together.
Kids grow up fast these days - possibly a bit too fast.
And so the Harry Potter saga continues. It's essentially deeply conservative, with battles, and crashes, and giants and explosions and is shaping up to be an extraordinary real-time experiment for Daniel Radcliffe.
The Order Of The Phoenix is formulaic and lacking in depth, and does not make the most of the intensity in the fifth instalment of JK Rowling's epic story.
Order of the Phoenix is entertaining enough, but it feels like a stopgap, a stepping stone to later, greater thrills.
Phoenix has great production value, some nice special effects, some good acting, but overall impact wanes more than waxes. Long on time, short on internal struggle.
Another jumble of special effects, plot shards, celebrity cameos, and sometimes-impressive imagery
This story didn't feel as disjointed as it's previous chapter.
Basically, it's the Little Rascals to the rescue in a flick dressed up as a mystical fable replete with medieval mumbo jumbo and some cool, state-of-the-art special f/x. Otay!
I have a dirty confession to make. I'm a professional film critic and Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is the first film in the series that I've seen.
Stodgy rather than sweeping, with precious little of the wondrous excitement conjured by Alfonso Cuaron in Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
A strangely relaxed and frequently funny installment. To my thinking, it stands right behind Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban as the best in the movie series.
Despite the smooth transition of the wondrous Potter mythology from Rowling's pen to the screen -- thanks to the efforts of several talented filmmakers -- the gradually unfurling plot remains grounded in routine.
The darkest and most menacing by far of the five [films, [Phoenix] is also the only series entry outside of the third that feels like the product of a vivid cinematic imagination and not just a slavishly faithful transposition.
t's the 'angry Harry' movie, and Radcliffe doesn't waste the opportunity to apply some of the acting lessons he's absorbed lately. It's his best performance, to date by far.
Truth be told, it's the lad's many onscreen allies that prove the film franchise's richest draws. (Thank you, Alan Rickman, for your wonderfully embittered turn as Severus Snape.)
Yates, especially given the sinister subject matter on hand, does a rather workmanlike job of traffic-managing the action. But some of the magic effects are indeed magical.
This is the bleakest Potter installment to date, and under David Yates's choppy direction, Maggie Smith, Emma Thompson, Brendan Gleeson, and David Thewlis have little more than walk-ons.
boils down Rowling's brick-thick novel into a fat-free, fleet-footed adventure... although Rowling's readers may be disappointed to find that much of the story's color has been sacrificed in the name of economy...
Worth seeing for Imelda Staunton and the impressive effects' work but it frequently feels rushed and lacks the drama and excitement of the previous two films.
Engaging and beautiful.
The story is told with bracing efficiency and clever humour, and features solid acting from the expanding cast.
Phoenix reminds us that effects-laden blockbusters can also have heart and soul.
The first 2007 mega-budget summer blockbuster that's actually worth a damn... four sequels into this saga, it finally feels like we're watching a bona fide, honest to God movie.
It's about No Child Left Behind. The government tries to sanitize the classes and standardize tests so that the kids won't actually learn anything threatening.
Radcliffe appears game enough to continue in the iconic role he has grown up with. So do Watson and Grint, although the exuberant let's-put-on-a-show sparkle of youth has, sadly, drained from all three.
Cinema often requires the sacrifice of facts for feelings, a reality that leaves this barely satisfactory affair clinging to its literary predecessor for life support.
It's a cut-rate Harry Potter, but not necessarily a bad one.
A dark, grim, serious film, with little of the joy or whimsy that animated the first four movies.
A severely streamlined, stiff series low. Aside from Imelda Staunton's spirited performance and Daniel Radcliffe's typically impressive stoicism, this adaptation reduces J.K. Rowling's zesty prose to lumpy, gray porridge.
Snape says it all right in the book: 'You have no subtlety, Potter.'
Though critics often denigrate today's overuse of special effects, more of those are needed as the human interactions are a crashing bore.
Spectacular. Harry Potter is a true movie phenomenon. This one seals the deal. If you weren't hooked before, you will be now.
The story falls flat.
Acaba soando mais como preparativo para os acontecimentos dos dois últimos capítulos de uma série que, de um modo ou de outro, ainda não trouxe motivos reais para desapontamentos.
Not only the darkest, most sinister (it comes very near to qualifying as a horror picture) and most mature of the films, it's the most tightly structured.
Despite its structural flaws, it often delivers the goods.
Less flash, more grit, The Order of the Phoenix is definitely the most introspective of the Harry Potter movies.
Order of the Phoenix is the shortest Harry Potter movie so far, but feels like a James Michener miniseries.
The level of magical eye candy is noticeably lower… [yet] no longer is Harry just The Boy Things Happen To, but The Boy Who Acts. It's a welcome step forward in a wunderkind boy of destiny on the road to true heroism.
Fans of death-obsessed Kid Lit may rejoice.
Perhaps the most wonderful thing about the Harry Potter phenomenon has been watching every aspect of it grow and mature over time. The series is in good form.
But for full fledged fantasy that doesn't skimp on the imagination or the intrigue, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is a brave, exciting entertainment.
Besides Alan Rickman, who threatens to walk off with every one of these films, Staunton is a great evil Hogwarts dictator this time around.
Up until now I thought that no-one could top Cuaron's Azkaban, but I think Yates might just have done it.
Yates proves himself an able caretaker of the universe that Rowling and the previous directors have built up.
Phoenix manages to top that potential in an immense way, compacting the longest "Potter" book into the shortest film yet, streamlining the urgency into a tasty pudding fan and non-fan should positively respond to.
The results may be darker and less family-friendly than previous installments but this ambitious take comes as a welcome shot in the arm for a series that could just as easily be running on fumes at this point.
The magic is back. And it's darker this time around.
As the number of pages gets higher, the movies are having a tougher time squeezing them all into one cohesive narrative.
Yates doesn't miss a beat -- Harry is still angry and conflicted, and the world around him appears to grow even more unfair.
Harry, it's not anger or Voldemort. It's testosterone.
In a series this good, there's bound to be a mild low point and it seems certain that Order of the Phoenix is it.
Now that Harry has ditched childhood, it seems high time the franchise also dispatches with its immature and draggy literal-mindedness.
not a bad way to spend an afternoon, but even in a summer of uncommonly weak blockbusters, casual fans can probably find more thrilling ways to spend two hours
The whole Hogwarts faculty is so beautifully cast, it reinforces the American impression that in Britain great actors must be piled up on the side of the road in heaps.
For all the action -- and there's plenty of it, even if it's only a portion of what was crammed into Rowling's 870 pages -- the most important stuff is what takes place in Harry's head.
This is a darker, more tormented Harry Potter than we have ever seen onscreen.
More suspense than the other films in the series ... and an improvement upon the book from which it was adapted.
Occupies the middle ground among the Potter movies, not as good as the third and fourth but better than the first and second.
British television director David Yates and screenwriter Michael Goldenberg have made a surprisingly coherent film from Rowling's sprawling, 800 pages-plus novel. But at times it's still a tough slog.
Staunton magnificently personifies the banality of evil as Umbridge, all steely resolve and poisonous sugar.
The movie works the way a Harry Potter movie ought to. It's not perfect -- a few ends remain loose, a few characters get shafted -- but it's very good.
Dark as pitch: unsettling, unsettled, unresolved, and utterly remarkable.
David Yates and screenwriter Michael Goldenberg have successfully pared the unwieldy book down into something that works well enough that this film places third in my personal best of Potter movies list.
This is a gangly, confusing sprawl, and yet there are enough patches of beauty scattered throughout that it's impossible to reject it wholesale.
It is dark, it is more grown up, and its approaching end can be felt.
Easily the darkest of a series that has grown increasingly dim, Phoenix rises to the occasion, even if it doesn't fly quite as high as the previous two installments.
Just as Harry has grown into a leader of his Hogwarts classmates, Radcliffe has become the man who drives this series.
It seems that love and friendship are qualities worth rattling your wand over. En route, we can once more ooh-and-aah at the franchise's impressive array of acting talent.
There's still enough suspense built into the saga to keep us watching, but after five installments, this dazzling box office wizard is slowly running out of tricks.
Anyone expecting a rebirth of the Harry Potter film franchise in its fifth installment will find a disappointing dearth of cinematic magic.
It feels like Charlie Brown getting ready to kick the football that Lucy's holding. He's sure she's going to pull it away once again, but Charlie gives it another try anyway, because it's there, and who knows, maybe this time will be different.
It's inspiring to see Harry and his friends come into their own, organizing impromptu self-defense courses when their official curriculum is lacking, and pointedly crushing when they realize just how hard it is to fight city hall.
Order Of The Phoenix feels a little too complacent at times, though it has moments of visual wit, and it doesn't soft-pedal the dark mood that has eclipsed the series.
Weaves the beginning of the series' backend into maybe the best of the series to date leaving us in a state of anticipatory bliss of how it will all end.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is the work of a confident storyteller making an assured movie debut.
Given a choice between this and the navel-gazing of the novel, I'll take the short ride on a fast machine.
Whatever happened to the delight and, if you'll excuse the term, the magic in the Harry Potter series?
It feels like a placeholder, not because little happens but because so much plot must be served in order to set up subsequent events that there's no room for the gentle human moments that anchor Rowling's heroic fantasy epic to the everyday world.
To their credit, new director David Yates and new screenwriter Michael Goldenberg never lose the heart of the tale. Even in the midst of an incredibly thrilling magical battle of whippeting wands, flashing light and furor, they focus on Harry's inner war.
On the screen, the stories, now in their fourth set of hands, feel uncomfortably fractured. Thank heavens for books.
[T]his may be the best straight-up horror movie of the year -- I was riveted by the sinister sophistication of it.
[The filmmakers] have transformed J.K. Rowling's garrulous storytelling into something leaner, moodier and more compelling, that ticks with metronomic purpose as the story flits between psychological darkness and cartoonish slapstick.
There are plenty of clever, magical effects in the film, but Yates zeroes in on the real stuff: the question of whether these kids can come to understand their powers in time to battle for the future of humanity.
It would be impossible for any director to jam that much story into a 2 hour and 18 minute picture, but the elisions favored by Yates and screenwriter Michael Goldenberg are particularly unfortunate.
Continuing the increasingly darker, more adult trend of the series, the film version is swiftly paced, engrossing and often thrilling.
[The filmmakers] keep Order of the Phoenix consistently involving. But it's Radcliffe who truly shines here.
Yates lacks a steady grip on the shape and rhythm of the film.
The psychological struggle between Harry and his nemesis -- riveting on the page -- is less so on screen.
It all feels a little safe. The movie's full of spells, all right. But where's the magic?
A fruitcake-of-a-movie dense with exposition and woefully short on payoff.
While the film doesn't have the imaginative magic of The Prisoner of Azkaban or the chummy warmth of The Goblet of Fire, it's a serviceable bridge to the story's final chapters.
It's the familiar faces that help make Phoenix the best Potter movie yet. Director Yates, who is expected to return for the next installment, continues the shift away from set design and toward performance.
Unremittingly bleak, occasionally brilliant.
Yates is wise not to stuff too many characters into this yarn, and plays everybody well, if sparingly. He can't offer a sense of completion -- more movies to come, you know -- but he offers a thoroughly enjoyable and interesting transition.
The story, obviously, is darker and more mature, and the film itself understands more than the others before it what it means to be Harry Potter.
[The fans] have a lot invested in Harry Potter, and far from running out of steam it seems the series is willing to take them to new and unsettling places.
Partly due to its intensity, Order of the Phoenix is better than the first four in the series. Also credit a much tighter, meatier script and better acting.
This is storytelling come to life.
There is a lot of story here, complex and compelling.
Thanks to Imelda Staunton's wickedly funny performance as the pink-suited fascist Dolores Umbridge, Order of the Phoenix presents a satisfying -- but far from perfect -- chapter in Harry's continuing struggle against evil.
A movie much more in the mode of a conventional thriller than previous Potter outings.
The film is nearly nothing but plot, with mostly facile performances and a pacing that could, incredibly, be called slapdash.
This series is growing up with moody blockbuster urgency. More emotionally wracked with each new entry, the Potter franchise has become a mainstream fantasy metaphor for adolescent crisis. It's Rebel Without a Curse.
David Yates has taken the Potter challenge head-on, making one of the first Potter movies to greatly improve upon the original book.
This movie feels less like a plot-point checklist than the last one did, and there's enough visual razzle-dazzle to entertain those who haven't read the book and might miss a twist here or a turn there.
It's kind of like "Star Wars: Episode I," perhaps the weakest chain in the link but necessary as a transition to the next two installments.
In declaring my mere like for Order of the Phoenix and not all-out love, I risk having an inbox full of tween-penned emails (ghost-written by parents) suggesting I do a certain something with the blunt end of a broomstick.
...you leave the theater with a sense of anticipation for the next Harry Potter installment, something I haven't felt in quite some time.
This is my least favourite of the series, despite the fact that the exquisite reality and detailed production design is as intricate and marvellous as ever.
An entertaining marvel of invention and storytelling. The series' reigning achievement and one of this summer's smartest and most invigorating releases.
The latest workmanlike entry in what must be regarded as an unprecedented film series has plenty of flaws, but also the franchise's reliable draws.
This is a grandly entertaining voyage, one full of mystery, intrigue, suspense and majesty the majority of the other films sadly lack.
There's a really good one-hour movie here, but you'll have to blast through 138 minutes to find it.
The special effects continue to be masterful, but villains are given a new twist, and Order of the Phoenix is all the more fun because of it.
The new Harry turns out to be one of the best entries in the series -- mostly because of a villain who is the scariest and funniest heavy to date.
Get ready to start getting ready for movies 6 and 7, because that is the purpose, but if Harry's first kiss is the most anticipated event in this movie, what MORE are we to expect in the next couple movies?
Although it's a little scattered and some plot points go by so quickly they may not be caught by those who haven't read the books, it's still one of the better Harry Potter movies.
a first-rate film focused on wonder and character development instead of special effects and catchy one-liners.
Although Order of the Phoenix is not a great movie, it is a pretty good one, in part because it does not strain to overwhelm the audience with noise and sensation.
A rousing adventure that includes Harry Potter's first kiss, his encounter with the odiousness of order, his feelings of loneliness in the face of an indifferent world, and his slow realization of the support of his friends.
Once again, the series has produced a winner: an intriguingly complex, visually dazzling, multilayered fantasy-adventure of the first order.
For all its gloominess, Order of the Phoenix is, in several ways, the best Potter picture yet.
J.K. Rowling has a spirit of plenty. On page and screen, her vision is a deliciously human (not just mythic) triumph of fancy, a spreading of soulful wings to lift us high.
For the most part this adaptation, scripted by Michael Goldenberg and directed by David Yates, a British television veteran, is a marvel of compression that moves along at a brisk pace without ever feeling rushed.
Suspenseful and dark, this new Harry Potter is a stylish transition of the franchise on nearly every level: its mood, its plot, and most dangerously, its audience.
The movie is at times brilliant with a powerhouse performance by Imelda Staunton.
If you've read all the books and seen all the movies up to this point, you may not mind the extra weight. But a newcomer to the Potter chronicles making his or her acquaintance with this film may be forgiven for wondering where the magic is.
With its fifth cinematic outing, the Harry Potter film series has ascended to another level.
Thinned down from the series' longest book, Phoenix can't shake an episodic feeling that makes it difficult to develop momentum.
The most striking aspect of Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is its contrast between the hormonally and supernaturally tormented teenager at its center and the modestly well-made and easygoing picture unfolding all around him.
Familiarity is not quite breeding contempt for Harry and his friends and enemies. But it's starting to breed indifference.
After the exceptional quality of the last two installments,...a letdown. This chapter of the story feels like it's just biding time.
The movie's all set-up and no payoff, merely a placeholder until the series' next cash cow moos into theaters.
Characters are given less room than usual to grow and shine, and despite its relatively short running time, the film occasionally goes through the motions of telling a story rather than actually doing so.
The script just doesn't work unless you've got a Cliff's Notes version of the novels there with you.
There is nothing wet about Daniel Radcliffe as a grown-up wizard. As with Emma Watson and Rupert Grint as Hermione and Ron, his acting has improved out of sight since Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone.
'Voldemort is on the move!' said Sirius. 'You mean He Whose Name Must Not Be Spoken is relocating from the Location He Must Not Originate From to the Place Which Must Not Be His Destination!' said Harry.
It won't win new fans, but as Potter movies go, this is the most filmic of the lot, suspenseful and action-packed.
It's action-packed, darker, more epic and thankfully schmaltz-free. And it's the best Harry Potter film yet.
The storytelling seems occasionally disjointed, but...for all the special-effects wizardry, that touch of film magic never surfaces. There's fireworks and action and much swooshing about, but this interim installment seems stuck in one nightmarish gear.
Did I mention that, for all its portentousness, this is the best Harry Potter picture yet? In some ways, it improves on J. K. Rowling's novel, which is punishingly protracted and builds to a climactic wand-off better seen than read.
Although marred by some inept editing by Mark Day, The Order of the Phoenix is the first of the series to resound as a multifaceted narrative that understands its own intentions. It is intelligent.
Potter 5 [is] not just a ripping yarn but a powerful, poignant coming-of-age story.
Order of the Phoenix, the best of the series so far, has the laughs, the jitters and the juice to make even nonbelievers wild about Harry.
Dark, malevolent, and serious, this Harry Potter was created by its new director, scripter and composer as a waking nightmare.
Good, but not great. Fans expecting more than simply 'good' would be disappointed . . .
To dwell on a few weaknesses would be to neglect the obvious point - that Harry Potter is older, bigger and darker than ever. And no one would want to miss his journey.
Yates ramps up the adrenalin and menace while adding new layers of emotional anguish befitting the adolescent years now reached by the teenage protagonists.
A deliciously dark affair, brimming with impressively gritty performances but still managing to balance magical wonder with breathless excitement.
There is the fact that this [movie] is a watershed of backstory, revelations and plot clarifications before heading into the two remaining chapters. So while Phoenix is a necessary film, it's quite possibly the least enjoyable of the lot so far.
The metaphors are all implicit and have a lot to do with just growing up and facing unpleasant realities, but they increasingly contribute to the feeling of nervousness and unease creeping into the series.
There are moments when this otherwise enjoyable film, though nicely made and through no fault of its own, feels like a chore to be got through before the main course.

@highlight

It's not easy to take the longest Harry Potter book and streamline it into the shortest HP movie, but director David Yates does a bang up job of it, creating an Order of the Phoenix that's entertaining and action-packed.