It's all fashioned together into one gut-wrenching, suspenseful, and often bizarre crime docudrama that is the creepiest true story to hit the big screen since 2010's Catfish.
More than anything it's Layton's storytelling acumen that impresses - the movie unfolds like a psychological thriller, and in the second half effects a chilling twist on its own inherent implausibility.
Credit director Bart Layton for taking a subject that appears barely capable of propping up hour-long, true-crime cable programming and turning it into compelling, full-length documentary.
The Imposter at every stage reveals another layer of the bizarreness of which human beings are capable.
The Imposter has many lessons; for the rest of us, it reinforces the golden rule: never assume anything about anyone
The revelations never stop. The title tells us what the story is about, but it is impossible to imagine the complex elements that involve not only the central character, but those who accept him as the person he pretends to be
The film looks like many a television crime series, and is as manipulative. With no disclaimer or separation, its method screams that this is full honest fact.
Few films in the past year have matched the narrative cunning of Bart Layton's captivating true-crime documentary...
With his first feature doc, Layton proves himself not only adept at seeking out such true-life tales, but also telling them with the flair of a naturally gifted storyteller.
This documentary film, like 'Catfish' a couple of years ago, is about a clever impersonator, but 'The Impostor' is an even stranger and more serious story, and by the time you get near the end of this bizarre tale, it gets even stranger than that.
A gripping thriller, heartbreaking family drama, and fascinating true-crime saga all in one package.
Intriguing fictionalized true-crime psychological thriller doc.
... one of the most involving and compelling documentaries to come around in quite some time.
A mesmerizing con-artist comedy and a chilling true crime thriller...
You won't believe this true story
In the annals of forged identity flicks, this is a towering Everest, dwarfing the deceivers in the likes of Catch Me If You Can and F for Fake.
This is edge-of-your-seat stuff and the difficulty is in the telling of the tale. To give any of this film away is a crime. You simply have to see it for yourself.
Superbly crafted documentary about a missing teenager who mysteriously resurfaces after three years, prompting a riveting, better-than-fiction Cold Case-style drama.
If only the movie didn't almost glamorise Bourdin's action, they'd have been onto a real masterpiece.
If you are a fan of true crime stories or the workings of the human mind, The Imposter will blow you away.
... both interesting and repellent.
An unnerving experience and a brilliant piece of documentary filmmaking that peels back the layers on one of the most perplexing stories
Layton layers "The Imposter" with powerful images in the dramatic re-creations, as well as a brooding soundscape and a concise pacing that distributes its information with the reserve of a good mystery writer.
"The Imposter" may be the first movie since "Penn and Teller Get Killed" whose title may need its own spoiler alert.
The most fascinating aspect of the movie is why the missing boy's family believed the imposter's story.
Every bit as engaging as it is well-shot, it proves once more that truth is, indeed, stranger than fiction.
A mixture of documentary, mystery and thriller, which recounts an astonishing true story that gets more outrageous with each revelation
Strange and intriguing, searching for that elusive essence known as 'the perfect truth.'
You may begin to wonder if you aren't being conned by the movie yourself.
Rather like watching a magician pulling off a trick which your eyes cannot see, The Imposter offers its own strange kind of magic.
The story is astonishing enough on its own, and The Imposter succeeds in enhancing its immediacy and intensity.
As his story unfolds, one gets the uncomfortable sensation that a joke is being played. But on whom?
One of the year's most provocative pictures.
Incredibly well-made and with a story you won't forget, "The Imposter" is one of the better docs of the season.
The Imposter emerges as a brilliantly slippery film that demands brain-stretching consideration. Astonishing, indeed.
It's an astounding story, truly, and Bourdin is the most chillingly sympathetic sociopath: frank, remorseless, matter-of-fact.
British director Bart Layton has only slightly fictionalised this extraordinary story for his documentary, which is told more as a thriller than a statement of hard fact.
"The Imposter" is one of the best films of the year.
Not only is the story riveting, but the film explores huge issues that really get under our skin
The Imposter frequently sends your jaw hurtling to the floor as it tries to understand the great pretender and a family only too willing to accept him as one of their own.
When this film was over, I felt as if I had been holding my breath for 99 minutes. It is pure, delicious suspense.
The mysteries stick with you. In 20 years time, someone will leap up and shout, "Eureka!"
Think of Clint Eastwood's Changeling and multiply by the power of reality.
The month's second mind-blowing doc ... a thinker that deserves the thought.
[The] unbelievable blend of confidence trickery and seemingly wilful blindness is what fascinates most in The Imposter, and raises more tantalising and disturbing questions.
You couldn't make this stuff up - and no one would buy it as fiction. But as a documentary, it's a different matter.
Layton may be making a sophisticated point about the elusive nature of truth but at the same time, it's a point made at the expense of the Barclays.
The year's most fascinating and frightening doc so far, The Imposter delves far beneath the hysterical tabloid headlines.
Perversely entertaining.
It's both preposterous and horrific, and therein lies its powerful, disquieting charm.
The real imposter here is the director.
A fascinating glimpse into the mind of a cunning con-man...and it's just as cunning as he was in constructing the story to hold our interest.
Trails off at the worst possible moment...its flaccid legal summary and closing visual manipulations are intentional, leaving audiences with a thoroughly sickening feeling to appreciate Bourdin's prolonged dance of narcissism.
Beverly Dollarhide, Nicholas's mother, says of the period after her son's disappearance, "My main goal in life at that time was not to think." Apparently, the filmmakers have taken a cue from her.
Layton's dazzling film is an exciting, edge-of-your-seat experience superior to any Hollywood mystery you're likely to see for a long time.
"The Imposter" becomes more than just a missing-persons drama. It hints at something much darker: a real-life horror story, the full truth of which may never be known.
A terrific tale of deception and self-deception, propelled by the presence of the smirking, cocky Barclay claimant, Frédéric Bourdin.
The idea of "The Imposter" is more intriguing than the film's execution.
Keeps you unsettled, haunted, enthralled.
Everything about this story is unconvincing, except for the fact that it - or some version of it - happened.
The Imposter is one of those rare documentaries that, while its hard to know exactly how much is intensified for the purposes of making the film, is genuinely unsettling and infuriating to believe as fact and fiction.
Director Bart Layton owes a huge debt to Errol Morris, particularly "The Thin Blue Line," for his approach to this incredible story.
This is one creepy mystery.
"The Imposter" initially seems to be a tutorial in identity theft, as well as a cautionary tale about the susceptibility of people who have lost a loved one. But that's not the half of it.
It's ... practically unbelievable, but you won't be able to look away.
Layton's film joins the top ranks of nonfiction films because he recognizes that in this case no solution could be as engrossing as the questions.
It's a jaw-dropper.
Stranger than fiction...simply by presenting us with the facts as they unfolded, Layton winningly encourages more questions than answers.
Only an extraordinary documentary ... can create such a sense of intrigue, tension and mystery.
This is as much a film about self-deception as it is about deception, and as such, it is a study in pain.
This is a train wreck you think you see coming, but no matter how prepared you are the nature and extent of the damage will overwhelm you.
Layton, a television documentarian, uses familiar Errol Morris-style techniques to wrap us in the mystery of Nicholas Barclay.
Creepier than Catfish and as cinematic as Man On Wire, this is an unnerving story immaculately told and a strong contender for doc of the year.
As fiction, it would never fly. But "The Imposter" happens to be true, and it's a jaw-dropper.
Truth that is undeniably stranger than fiction. A film that shows us that we may have found the enemy, and it may be us.
The greatest mystery of all -- why this family believed the imposter and welcomed him "home" -- remains hauntingly unsolved
The movie is fascinating, but it leaves you uneasy, because you don't always know who you're watching (actor? family member?), and you begin to feel that you're being scammed, too.
Rarely has the con game, and the human capacity to believe in improbable outcomes, been taken to such extremes as we see in "The Imposter"...
The dense storytelling, heavy thematic burdens and endlessly conflicting perspectives could have spun The Imposter right off the rails had Layton's hold not been so assured.
Director Bart Layton takes a story that was already fascinatingly weird to begin with and makes it even more compelling by structuring it as a shadowy film noir.
The movie benefits from an abundance of colorful characters of mixed intelligence.
This true story plays like a gripping psychological thriller, offering hard speculation and harder truths. You won't be able to get it out of your head.
Centered on a 15-year-old cold case, there should be no real surprises here. Why, then, is the experience of watching The Imposter one of edge-of-the-seat disbelief and nerve-jangling thrills?
A very strange tale that grows even stranger on close examination.
It isn't often that audiences will feel inclined to believe the word of a proven liar over a family who suffered as a result of his dishonesty, but The Imposter achieves that unusual feat.
See it and marvel that the least plausible lies are the ones we tell ourselves.
"The Imposter" is slippery, manipulative, unstable and smoothly confounding. It's also one of the most entertaining documentaries to appear since "Exit Through the Gift Shop," a film similarly obsessed with role playing and deception.
The film touches on so many aspects of human foibles including shaky memories, the allure of false hope, the psychology of secrets and lies and the meaning of family itself.
Sporting a sly grin that's just this side of sinister, Bourdin makes a riveting subject, not least because he could still be an unreliable narrator.
A crime thriller so real, it's hard to believe.
It tells a true story that is so oh wow! unbelievable, so deeply, compellingly stranger than fiction, that you don't so much watch the film as get addicted to it.
Go and be stunned.
The story still harbors queasy mysteries at its center, as true-crime TV pro Layton micro-analyzes every step of the case, via interviews with the Texans, Bourdin, and the FBI.
More concerned with unfurling increasingly strange and creepy revelations than delving into the nature of grief.
The film shrewdly opts not to proffer its own hypothesis about the true reasons behind the Gibson family buying Frédéric Bourdin's story.
Grainy photography captures a story lacking suspense.
Impressively directed and skilfully edited, this is an utterly riveting true crime documentary that exerts a powerful grip and is by turns chilling, shocking and disturbing. It's also one of the best films of the year.
The Imposter morphs effortlessly from scene-to-scene - a noir-ish mystery thriller, a crime-scene procedural, a drama chronicling a family's anguish, a facts-only documentary - yet exists as a fluid single entity of profoundly impactful force.
It's a sensational story transposed into sensational cinema.
The story told in this crime thriller of a documentary is so bizarre it's hard to believe it's true. But it is. A perfect example of stranger than fiction!
Imagine "F For Fake" mixed in with a bit of "The Talented Mr. Ripley," only theoretically all true and you have a good sense of the appeal of "The Imposter."
[VIDEO ESSAY] That least mined of all film genres - the docudrama - finds full-throated expression in the service of true story that is, as the saying goes, stranger than fiction.
Doesn't just offer up the closest thing to the honest truth in a still slippery case, it doles out the real-life revelations with a skilled precision that keeps the film exciting without ever becoming exploitative.
The film focuses on the extreme limits of human fallibility and a true story that is so exceedingly unbelievable that it feels like it cannot possibly be true -- but it is.
Highly engaging and suspenseful ... leaves you with much to think about.
That old idiom about truth being stranger than fiction is an understatement when applied to Bart Layton's enthralling documentary.
Layton controls the information so tightly that he's able to spring a few surprises on the audience, including one towards the end designed to get us to understand how easy it is to buy into a well-told story, even when there's no evidence to support it.
This story in itself would be enough, but, like any good modern documentary, The Imposter has more twists and turns to reveal.
The Imposter makes slick work of its wily subject, using atmospheric reenactments and stark, soul-baring interviews to explore a mind-boggling case of false identity.
The Imposter is beautifully shot and meticulously researched.


@highlight

Despite its true-crime trappings, The Imposter is an utterly gripping and sometimes heartbreaking documentary thriller cleverly told with narrative flair.