The Bronze is an unfunny, overlong parade of squandered potential. It's extremely frustrating.
Generally its humor built on the premise that if one f-bomb is funny, 20 of them in a row are 20 times funnier.
The Bronze is an uninspired creation that feels like Tina Fey's Sarah Palin impression in a 'Little Britain' sketch.
Rauch's Greggory is a brash, foul-mouthed creation who bends the will of the proceedings away from outright satire of celebrity to something surprisingly more engaging.
The Bronze is a mutant baby of a movie that shouldn't work as well as it does.
[Melissa] Rauch shows that when The Big Bang Theory finally runs its course, she might be the one cast member with a movie future.
Be prepared for a level of vulgarity that hugs the film like a warm blanket, firmly rooting it in a state of suspended adolescence in which it dares you to find something endearing in our antiheroine, and often succeeds.
Dark comedy doesn't play with everyone, and the overall tone hops around too much. But did I have a blast watching it? Yup.
Rauch's character could easily be too cutesy, too cruel, or just too annoying if played by another actress. But audiences will love her particular brand of arrested development.
Relentlessly mean-spirited, but also very, very funny.
[The Bronze has] a tendency not to create a universe and drama, but to impose events, however unlikely and incongruous they may be, to fulfill a pre-determined arc.
Falling short in every way, The Bronze places last in the game of film comedy.
If there are a few sweet moments between Rauch and Middleditch here, they're all but erased by an ineffectual story... and an admittedly impressive void of genuine laughs.
No wonder 'Bronze' didn't bring home the gold.
The movie rises to its highest energy levels in scenes where Rauch has strong foils - and strong actors - to play off. Otherwise, it can be a bit of a slog.
The script by Melissa Rauch and Winston Rauch is profane, raunchy and dirty-funny... But it's also sweet and warm (under its surface crust).
Rauch is using humor to make a statement here - look no further than the sex scene involving everything we've ever secretly suspected about gymnasts indulging in coitus
As uncomfortable and awkward as a spread-eagled fall onto a balance beam, The Bronze keeps you watching out of sheer curiosity. It's the same tingle that travels up a rubbery neck when passing a car crash, a crushing sense of gratitude and gory caution.
The keen character work that is the movie's most impressive feature too often is overwhelmed by the twin bugaboos of R-rated vulgarity and unearned sentiment.
The Bronze immediately puts up a wall by making Hope Ann Greggory an utterly repellent character, one so grating that the promise of spending 90 minutes with her seems tantamount to a stint on Death Row.
A crude yet cuddly comedy written by a star of "The Big Bang Theory."
Like its subject, this raunchy comedy falls off the beam before completing its routine.
Subversively funny, raunchy comedy has very funny performance from Melissa Rauch and says a lot about fleeting fame and small town America.
You may know Melissa Rauch as the squeaky-voiced Bernadette from The Big Bang Theory, but that won't prepare you for the ferociously funny performance she gives in the tartly raunchy comedy The Bronze.
Ultimately, the filmmakers are unable to overcome the central character's nastiness. The Bronze scores high on degree of difficulty but struggles with execution.
I didn't laugh at all -- I think I might have smiled once or twice -- because at its heart, the movie feels incredibly cynical and mean spirited about the sort of small town people it's depicting.
Credit where it's due: The Bronze does not waste any time diving into how aggressively unpleasant former Olympic bronze medalist Hope Ann Gregory (Melissa Rauch) really is.
There are some decent laughs here (especially for a well choreographed sex scene) and even an amusing soundtrack, but there's just not enough story to go around.
The movie's funnier than it has any right to be, given the crudity of its running jokes. But The Bronze becomes more interesting when it quiets down for Greggory's burgeoning friendship with a goofy gym owner played by Silicon Valley's Thomas Middleditch.
It's a very funny character needing more arc than Rauch's script offers, or a shorter movie.
The plot is beyond basic and the dialogue so crude it almost feels like an R-rated cartoon. Still, The Bronze has a loony Napoleon Dynamite-meets-Talladega Nights-on-the-balance-beam charm.
Raunchy comedy treads fine line between funny and mean.
The character would be bad enough, but it's the way The Bronze tries to turn her into some kind of wounded, troubled soul that really irritates.
This ostensibly edgy comedy didn't wring a single laugh out of me until maybe fifteen minutes before the finale.
Melissa Rauch gives us an anti-heroine for the ages in The Bronze. Now, about that $%^& script...
It's reprehensible, unfunny, and a chore to watch, while the prolonged offensive diatribes soon just become white noise.
Melissa Rauch is the best low-life character since Billy Bob's Bad Santa. Not for everyone but I couldn't stop laughing.
"The Bronze" wants to be an all-arounder and medal in crass comedy, romantic comedy, celebrity satire and sports movie. It probably should have picked one and specialized.
I wouldn't want to live next to Hope, but it is fascinating to watch her. And every so often it's refreshing to have a movie that dares to say - you know, no matter what all the screenwriting gurus tell you, some characters never change.
...with the film, in the end, generally satisfying Rauch's presumed goal of separating herself from her squeaky Big Bang Theory character.
One great joke -- "sex with a gymnast" -- is not the path to comic gold. Or silver.
The Bronze often feels like an extended skit, but Hope is so refreshingly unladylike and the movie is so refreshingly cynical about gymnastics that the results are surprisingly amusing.
"The Bronze" is a fiercely independent comedy, sure to be too startling for some, but that's its great promise. This world needs more pistols with this kind of firepower.
"The Bronze" is a clever premise gone awry, a comedy without enough laughs, unable to stick the landing when it needs it most.
Hope is overall too knee-jerk mean to like very much. But Rauch's timing is impeccable, wringing a smile even after minor jokes.
While 'The Bronze' tries hard, it's no prize-winner.
It's too bad that [the movie] misses the mark, because the Rauchs developed a unique character and the movie had some funny moments.
An Olympic-themed tale that goes way overboard in conveying that its main character is despicable.
After a while, you may even start to feel that what director Bryan Buckley & Co. really value is whatever squirming discomfort they can wring from an audience that fancies itself sophisticated enough to enjoy the naturally unpleasant.
It'd be even more fun if there were a point to all the obscenity.
The Bronze is the worst sports comedy since "The Benchwarmers.
This indie comedy could have been a brutal yet endearing midwestern cult classic a la Drop Dead Gorgeous (1999), but instead it's petty and repulsive.
Ultimately the character of Hope is not as button-pushing or subversive as Rauch and co-writer/husband Winston Rauch believe she is.
Rauch is so committed to her snotty, bitter, up-speaking protagonist that she finds the real humanity lurking there.
The problem with The Bronze isn't that Melissa Rauch's Hope Ann Gregory is such a nasty, foul-mouthed, terrible little human being. It's that she's not as funny as the film thinks she is.
All this plays out with a crudeness ranging from tedious to delirious.
This is one movie that gets better as it goes along, even as it fails to fully hit the high bar of making us care about a very nasty individual.
Rauch plays Hope like she lives inside her... Given that the charter is so unlikable, the key to making you root for her are these tiny smiles, small moments when you see through her gnarly exterior. Rauch does that to perfection.
Despite a full-throttle performance by Rauch (who has the character's natural athletic swagger down pat), Hope is one tough cookie to hang around for 100 minutes.
This comedy has a few genuine laughs, but The Bronze never even comes close to making it to qualifiers.
It does have enough modest accomplishments to make it worth a look.
When the film gets past its often noxious first 40 minutes and becomes a more appealing story, this raunchy rom-com comes into its own.
When it comes down to it, "The Bronze" is just another movie about overcoming arrested development. It's not as funny as it tries to be, but, for a few, fleeting minutes, it leaves an impression.
As it stands, "The Bronze" is just clumsy, caught between the same conflicting impulses it tries to depict - the compulsion to be outrageous and the desire to be loved.
The film makes a point of mocking Tonya Harding-style greed and clinging to faded glory, but it's crushed by a hack plot and the sense that sheer off-putting vulgarity is funny.
Anyone looking for a truly blackhearted, merciless comedy will be disappointed. But that can be a zero-sum game; at least The Bronze softens up convincingly.
There are some laughs in "The Bronze," but more time in which we might wish it would end already.
The central heroine is so unceasingly caustic that any audience member would have to be a veritable saint to root for her.
Main characters don't have to be likable, but there has to be a rooting interest, and I don't mean rooting against them.
I found myself admiring "The Bronze" ... But admiring isn't quite the same as liking. This film is a comedy wrapped in barbed wire; approach with caution.
The movie is smugly self-congratulatory in its efforts at both edginess and sentimentality, while succeeding at neither.
'The Bronze' is a sports movie that gets many things right although not enough to represent a game changer.
The movie doesn't abandon its gleefully caustic tone, or its often disagreeable (but just as often funny) protagonist easily.
A very fierce Rauch makes it work, and Gary Cole is excellent as her beleaguered single dad. It's all way over the top, but you can't help but admire its audacity.
Maybe you have to be born "dark" and can't just will it into your work? That's one impression of this excruciating farce.
"The Bronze" isn't a brilliant game-changer, just a funny and filthy diversion.
The Bronze is content to parade its bratty princess around a sad, little kingdom, and expects us to laugh at every insult that comes out of her childlike voice. The Bronze doesn't deserve a medal. It shouldn't even be allowed to compete.
The prevailing attitude behind the film can be boiled down to a simplistic idea: the cruder, the better.
[Buckley's] visuals are both predictably bright and colorful, and his production design nails small-town charm as well as the odd world of Olympic gymnastics. Yet nothing ever really adds up.
Occasional zingers from co-stars like Sebastian Stan as a rival coach and Thomas Middleditch as Hope's assistant poke through and may rouse your from your stonefaced stupor.
For a movie with a critique of mediocrity well within its grasp, this one settles for an embrace of it, barely breaking a sweat.
It's a so-so comedy that feels like a first draft, an opportunity wasted.
There's a fine movie in here buried underneath a lot of bloat, but as of right now, it's an overlong, mostly unfunny, and flawed character study.
Not without its bluntly funny bits, this nasty, programmatic comedy wants to be outlandish but, oddly enough, it's the movie's lack of realism that really hurts it.
There are some amazing set pieces and I know exactly what this film's red band trailer is going to be.
The foul-mouthed nature of half the film - during which the writers seem to be under the mistaken idea that if one swear word is funny, then two must be doubly so and so on - also sits uncomfortably with the cutesy cliche romance portion of proceedings.
The Bronze is so satisfied with its own winking crassness that it lets epithets constitute everything it has to say.
A grueling experience to sit through if you're not in on the central joke and Rauch's character.
A mean-spirited and largely witless satire of an Olympic gymnast who has Kerri Strug's grit but Tonya Harding's personality.
Punishingly bad.
THE BRONZE feels like a film that had all the ingredients for a breakout indie comedy, but just totally screwed up the recipe nonetheless.
The Bronze is a strident comedy made in accordance with the sole guiding principle of, when it doubt, go even more vulgar.
Though no one would accuse "The Bronze" of not being funny, it somehow manages not to be funny often enough.
While it stumbles through the routine much of the way it just manages to stick the landing.
A cleverly conceived, occasionally funny, but mostly unpleasant motion picture.

@highlight

Enthusiastically unpleasant and mostly unfunny, The Bronze fails to stick the landing -- or much else along the way.