...suffers from precisely the same sort of problems that plagued its two underwhelming predecessors...
Like the burnouts who stick longer than their leather jackets warrant, the shtick has gotten stale.
Will certainly resonate with its targeted preteen demographic, as its principal cast has returned for a sequel appropriately enhanced for the big screen.
A generous, upbeat film that provides lively, unthreatening entertainment for young viewers...
I'm glad I didn't pay full price to see this, but it is not a bad way to pass some time in a bargain theater or a cheap movie rental.
Mostly harmless.
Regardless of whether Disney's G-rated phenomenon is your cup of tea, you have to admire this films boundless will to create fun, inspiring entertainment on a level second to none.
High School Musical 3 overstays its welcome, stretching out about 20 minutes longer than it needs to, thanks chiefly to a final celebratory reel that simply refuses to end.
A real, honest-to-goodness teen musical throwback, as if Andy Hardy had never died and James Dean had never lived.
So sweet you'll leave the cinema with diabetes.
This is good, clean G-rated escapism delivered by fresh, talented young performers.
Trumping the first sequel, and approaching the quality of the original, High School Musical 3: Senior Year is a truly winning reprise.
There's a likeable freshness about the entire production%u2026 I felt quite energised after watching this contagious, colourful and uplifting musical that merges fantasy and reality together with such zest that we suddenly feel the sky is the limit %u201
[A] moviegoing public that made "Beverly Hills Chihuahua" #1 at the box office two weeks in a row demands more, dammit.
The third installment in Disney's cash-cow musical series is a colorful and enthusiastic %u2013 if not especially intelligent %u2013 film that makes a successful transition to the big screen thanks to some terrific production numbers and the irresistible
Much of the credit for the movie's winsome genuineness should go to the charismatic Efron, who has filled-out nicely in the years since the franchise began.
No Disney movie has made me re-evaluate my life like this since D2: The Mighty Ducks. Perhaps HSM 3 is the perfect bookend to my teenage teamwork movie. At least this time I can look back and realize I have made the right choices.
That clicking sound in the background might have been my arthritic knees banging together in harmony to the songs.
The popular Disney Channel series moves to the big screen for a full-fledged movie musical.
A junior-musical, trapped in a vacuum of utterly self-aware earnestness . . . the vacuum-seal of a pre-packaged Disney product. Wish fulfillment%u2014-what tweeners want high school to be like--that also short-sells a retro American Dream.
...the real setting is Neverland Prep in Disneyland, where the curriculum is confined to drama class and basketball.
Sometimes, it's what a movie ISN'T that makes it worthwhile.
HSM3 is now about indoctrinating a captive audience to buy hype and follow consumerist routine. It might make millions, but it's a betrayal.
High School Musical 3 is like Grease meets Up With People in the United Colors of Benetton. Not a combination that fills me with joy.
Sure, High School Musical 3 is better than Chicago and Dreamgirls, but it must be accepted that this is a pop phenomenon more than it is a movie.
So sweet it could send diabetics into sugar shock, but is great entertainment for the audience for which it was intended.
It isn't Bad any more than it's Good, for it is a business venture after all, and Disney can rightly assume that their target audience won't care.
works perfectly for easily entertained kids; parents will have to be satisfied with simplistic-but-squeaky clean entertainment for the family.
Its winning formula is driven not by narrative but by what isn't there: no sex, no drugs, and no rock and roll-- unless you count the logjam of thundering power ballads.
I never thought I'd say this, but 'Go Wildcats!'
may seem like yet another example of milking an already flush franchise, but when it goes down as easily as this, who really cares?
You're not going to this movie for the story or for any reason other than the singing and dancing. It's filled with them, and it is a lot of fun.
While undistinguished, it's bouncy, wholesome fun - unless you're a 10 or 11 year-old. In that case, it's the coolest movie of the year.
Predictable but enjoyable musical makes the grade.
How not to hate High School Musical - a Senior Year study.
Director/choreographer Kenny Ortega takes advantage of the big screen by filling it with eye-popping colors and highly entertaining dance routines.
Knows its priorities: to make the legions of High School Musical fans dewy-eyed, toe-tapping, soul-soaring happy, and to pave the way for High School Musical 4.
Well, it certainly is enthusiastic.
Despite its cheesy premise, HSM3 is poised to bring its fanbase in droves to the theaters to watch their favorite characters one more time.
This film has the exact same tone and flavor of its predecessors.
Resistance is futile. Kenny Ortega... wows us with high-energy dance numbers, playful staging [and] a talented young cast .
They sing. They dance. And they smooch a little. But not too much. After all, this is a G-rated Disney extravaganza.
Musical 3 is frustratingly shallow, but what it lacks in narrative ambition, it makes up for in dazzling choreography.
It's a classic case of giving the people what they want.
Everything works out! Everyone's hair looks great! Some of the kids end up at Juilliard! I hope real high school is like this.
Efron is once again Travolta-esque, although he appears to be quickly outgrowing this material. Hudgens is still annoyingly bland both in facial expressions and voice.
Since when shouldn't it be fun to spend 90 minutes or so watching good-looking young people, singing and dancing relatively well?
Director and choreographer Kenny Ortega takes full advantage of the big screen with brightly colored set pieces brought to life by a talented group of young actors.
If you aren't between the ages of six and 14 or don't have kids, you may have trouble getting into that Wildcat spirit. But don't be shocked if Senior Year takes you back, just a bit, and makes you wish every high school was a little like East High.
Sorry. Started to doze off.
The movie sounds as though it was recorded in a padded chamber instead of a bustling school, and it looks like it came from some alternate world, one that basks in the eternal sunshine of the spotless skin.
It's hard to complain about a pop culture phenomenon built on unabashed innocence.
As silly as it is, there's a relentless energy bursting from every aspect of High School Musical 3.
The HSM series has always been playful and high-spirited, with a refreshing emphasis on collective action and the importance of group effort over the individual, and there's nothing in High School Musical 3: Senior Year to upset the formula.
High School Musical 3: Senior Year is actually better than it needs to be.
The characters aren't all that great, the comedy is flat, but the numbers are so darn fun. Probably the best thing to do is wait for the DVD and just skip to all the songs, leaving all the sitcom material behind.
Sure, the franchise is corny, but it ultimately celebrates talent, enthusiasm, loyalty and love. And you can dance to it.
The phrase 'It is what it is' was practically invented for movies such as High School Musical 3: Senior Year.
Mr. Efron's athletic grace is Astaire-like in its casual authority. Ms. Hudgens's blissful smiles melt the screen.
Disney raised the stakes by turning its hit TV-movie franchise into a feature film -- and the bet has paid off.
Go ahead, dance it out.
The generic-sounding pop numbers made me nostalgic for "Rock 'n' Roll High School" and The Ramones.
I can't urge you enough to stay as far away as possible. The swarms of young girls watching this phenomenon opening weekend will eat you alive.
While it probably won't appeal to a much wider audience than the one it already has, it does have a likable cast and a lot of energy.
If you're a fan, you won't be disappointed.
For all its unforgivable blandness, High School Musical opens young audiences to the charms of this most transporting of movie genres.
The movie goes on too long. Viewers are already up and clogging the aisles by the time Ortega brings the principals back for a final bow.
The singing, dancing, live-your-dreams plot of High School Musical 3 may be even more retro than the '80s dance moves Ortega rips off, but then again, it's not retro if you weren't around for it the first time.
Parental Content Review
I am a 24 year old guy who loves action movies and raunchy comedies but even I can admit the songs in this film were catchy. The film is cliched but clearly for kids to stare at Zac Efron.
With a gossamer-weight plot line that makes Archie Comics look like Dostoyevksy but all the heart, spirit, and sweetness and fun its fans are hoping for.
At best, you'll be disappointed; at worst, you'll want to blow up a high school.
It has all the exquisite tension of dithering over whether to have the cake or the ice cream.
As far as slickly produced and joyfully energetic escapism goes, High School Musical 3 is top of the class.
High School Musical 3: Senior Year makes cellophane taste like chicken jalfrezi.
Refitted for the big screen, it becomes an eerily plastic business, like a blown-up doll's house.
Colourful, fizzy and destined to keep the karaoke busy for a few months, the ten musical e-numbers pop between the eyes like wads of overblown bubblegum. Would that they stick in the memory in the same way...
Then there's the sheer volume, colour and stage-brat exuberance that breezes the wispy plot (will the last spring musical come together?) from one forgettable hi-energy dance number to the next.
If you have children, especially girls, they would have dragged you along to see this anyway. The good news is that it's entertaining whatever your age, and far from the commercialised mediocrity I had expected.
This attractive and energetic young cast have used the two previous films to grow into their roles and win instant audience recognition.
If you're under 12, you won't be disappointed. If you're over 12, the fact this is as funny and bright as it is insipid won't stop you from avoiding it like the plague.
In fact, whether you find it a piece of harmless, escapist fun with a gorgeous cast or two hours of cultural genocide filled with creepy robo-teens will depend on whether you're under or over 14.
In an increasingly fragile world, High School Musical represents a constant slice of positive energy.
A bit of bloodshed would have enlivened proceedings enormously in the anodyne High School Musical 3.
It's hard to find too much fault with a franchise so wholesome and intent on having fun.
Next to this, Dawson's Creek and Gossip Girl look like Ken Loach.
This glittery Disney product may boast the biggest, fastest advance sales in movie history but it remains largely a mystery to those of us with an age in double figures.
I cringed for nearly two hours.
It's not bad. It's a lump, but it's a benign lump.
All these all-singing, all-dancing high-schoolers are downright adorable, and without being annoying about it, either...
Whether or not you want to see it depends on what you want out of a movie. Do you want steak or cotton candy? This is fluffy cotton candy entertainment.
Living in a moronic Step Up world of drearily sexualized hipster dancing and manufactured anti-establishment attitudes, the skim milk allure of HSM is appreciated, offering a throwback to the sunny day spirit of a Garland/Rooney musical.
Even if the refreshing gust doesn't stay with you long, it's fun while it lasts.
What's unfortunate isn't that this is a bad film, but rather that it had the potential to be such a good one and fell short.
To witness Number 3 explode on the big screen in a theater hopping with fans is to experience Beatlemania for the millennials. Not since A Hard Day's Night have I seen such collective blissout. (If only HSM's music were that memorable!)
Disliking such a bona fide winner as the HSM empire makes a person seem like a world-class killjoy, but the relentless positivity and plastic smiley faces of these movies would make even the most joyful person have very dark thoughts.
It's a well-produced yearbook that will one day bring back sweet memories for the cast and fans, but probably won't be of interest to anyone who wasn't part of the scene.
Despite its own synthetic, over-processed production values, "High School Musical 3" exudes genuine appeal, thanks to director Kenny Ortega's brilliant choreography and a gifted cast.
There is absolutely no way fans of this series will be disappointed.
I don't begrudge its G-rated vision of 17-year-olds, but I do wish they'd made room for real conflict.
Coiffed with what must have been a budget-busting supply of styling gel, the cast of High School Musical 3: Senior Year looks not just freshly scrubbed, but manicured, exfoliated, and dipped in a vat of hot wax.
A pleasant and peppy diversion.
I so wanted to hate this movie - and I was doing well until halfway through, when I actually started to feel nostalgic and happy. Damn!
It's hard not to see the rabidly popular series's deliberate insubstantiality, its desire to address teendom in juvenile ways, as a depressing commentary on the dwindling standards of young entertainment consumers.
Sunny, wholesome, exuberant third installment of Disney's teen musical franchise is strictly for the kids. It's overdone in a comforting old Hollywood-meets-Bollywood way designed for the teen-and-younger demographic.
HSM3 is eminently watchable, occasionally very funny, and sweet enough to give you diabetes.
Efron and co-star Vanessa Hudgens have charm. But director Kenny Ortega buries them in formula dances, forgettable tunes and dialogue that makes Grease sound like Greek tragedy.
For those kids in the target audience, this is movie nirvana.
Whatever the flaws, it's lively and colorful enough to satisfy the target audience as a fitting close to the ultra-popular series.
The world's tweens and teens deserve better than this bottomlessly bland pap.
...taps into an aspect of growing up that gritty independent movies - with their wayward Larry Clark kids - tend to forget: the effervescence of youth.
Shriek! Squeal! Giggle! Wait, it's actually--gulp--reasonably good.
Just smother yourself in an inch of sunscreen. Undead cynics will be bathed in such a UV dazzling positivity that they risk imploding in their seats.
Completely lacking a plot or actual characters, this colourful film is more like a musical revue about a sanitised, fantasy version of high school. It's lively and watchable, but painfully vacuous.
It's well made and entirely watchable, but it won't really appeal to anyone outside its target audience.
High School Musical 3: Senior Year gives you an honest jolt of feel-good fizz. It may be as friendly and square as one of those 1950s teen romps in which the actors wore letter sweaters, but that doesn't mean the movie is an uptight anachronism.
You hardly watch a Disney musical expecting Lars von Trier, but still, this is conservative stuff.
More significant as a socio-cultural and demographic than artistic phenomenon, HSM3 is conventional to a fault, but is unadulterated fun, a movie that at once caters to and exploits its demographic status.
Let's just say that I walked out of HSM 3 humming the tunes from the other movies.
Even within the confines of G-rated fluff, it could have been a lot sassier.
[An] infectiously upbeat bigscreen extension of Disney Channel's runaway TV movie sensation.








@highlight

It won't win many converts, but High School Musical 3 is bright, energetic, and well-crafted.