Actually, the humor is one of the strangest elements of Fire & Rescue, mainly in that it feels largely absent.
While the script is full of obvious and easy aircraft metaphors which are funny, it lacks the kind of witticisms and wisecracks that elevate other contemporary animated films so that they can be enjoyed by a much wider audience.
Not only are the cliches more deftly packaged this time around, the action scenes - with long, exciting tracking shots of planes flying through valleys and over wild fires - often look like they were directed by James Cameron.
Somehow, this sequel to a rubbish spin-off to a rubbish sequel to a so-so cartoon is actually pretty good.
Like Cars, this is essentially funny-animal animation with chrome and aluminium instead of fur.
This Disney cartoon is running on empty.
It's as if the Mouse House is providing bootlegs of its own material.
Despite the fact that this too-soon spin-off feels like a mere cash-in on the Disney Cars/Planes marketing machine, this sequel is actually a lot more fun than expected.
If it does become faintly dull and preachy, the trim humour and detailing - the CHiPs spoof CHoPs, Motorjito cocktails, the pickup truck with superb pickup lines - soon get it squarely back on the fun runway.
Perhaps these rock-bottom expectations are a good thing, because Planes 2 feels like a significant upgrade on its distinctly run-of-the-mill predecessor...
A solid voice cast (Harris, Holbrook et al) doesn't add much more than cosmetic touches to this bland animation.
The slender plot is very ordinary and the corny gags come thick and fast.
The kids will be satisfied with a thin slice of Pixar topped with Disney frosting, but there's nothing satisfying for the rest of us to chew on.
The target audience of under-10s has every right to feel patronised.
This story of heroism is second rate stuff that's unlikely to light your own fire.
This rotor movie's rote in places, too talky, and overstuffed with characters. Worst of all, one 'copter is a stereotypical Native; second-worst is Dipper, the main female character, a dippy, clingy, quasi-stalker type.
An old-fashioned kiddie flick with a straightforward story, simple characters, a heartfelt message and impressive 3D flying scenes. Smaller children should love it.
Disney have an opportunity to engage children with something profound and real if they continue to pursue hero stories like these.
As with the first film, children will be drawn to the bright colours and simple morals, which makes some of the sexual and racial stereotyping on the sidelines rather regrettable.
Not much magic, but an appreciable level of polish.
The key to the film's relative success is the fact that it simply tells its straight dramatic story with a bare minimum of zany comic interludes.
It's not that there's less than meets the eye in Planes: Fire & Rescue, but rather that it is exactly what meets the eye: all surface, nothing more, nothing less.
"Planes" is a gentle ride with a serious message.
"Planes: Fire and Rescue" is about as good as one of these things can be: fun, intermittently thrilling, and visually sumptuous.
Like being trapped in a revolving door of mediocrity, and it offers further proof that Disney is only in it for the money it can siphon from the wallets of unwary parents.
Displaying a weird lack of memorable or endearing characters, this animated effort feels like a direct-to-video job from the 1990s.
It's probably a little bit better than Planes, with a far more engaging third act and prettier scenery throughout.
Despite its half-hearted tribute to first responders, this lackluster 3D effort fails to take flight.
Planes: Fire & Rescue is a diverting if uninspired sequel to an already uninspired propeller-driven Cars spinoff.
Most definitely an improvement on the original. A nice, pleasant, surprisingly enjoyable movie for young kids - one that you won't mind watching with them or feel guilty about exposing them to.
...content to operate as an endeavor aimed directly at younger audiences.
Another anthropomorphized comedic adventure - this time, aimed at boys from four-to-eight years old.
...this is a film that's so squarely content at being a movie just for kids...that it never rises above the dull and uninspired.
Planes: Fire & Rescue is a better made film than its predecessor on a technical level, but otherwise just as generic (in some ways, more so) on a storytelling level.
Much-improved 3D sequel has some intense fire scenes.
An uncomplicated but uplifting kids story that celebrates true heroism over superficial fame.
An 83-minute ad aimed at kiddies for Disney merchandise made overseas. What's in your wallet?
Vivid and folksy, Fire & Rescue nicely exceeds expectations dampened by last summer's stalled-out Planes.
It's not so much a movie as it is another step in an ongoing marketing campaign.
It is, in almost all respects, a better movie. It's still not particularly good, though.
Even if it doesn't offer anything truly memorable, no one will suffer any permanent damage to sit through it.
A definite nominee for the worst kids movie of all-time.
'Planes: Fire & Rescue,' the sequel nobody needed or asked for.
The meek action plays to the under-10 crowd, but the groaner puns will play only to masochists. Meanwhile, the 3-D ticket upcharge here is a big ripoff - the extra dimension is unnecessary.
The same lame puns wedged into a succession of situations, rather than a story.
Surprise, surprise. This "Planes" quickly grounds itself with a story that at least offers an emotional hook (if not ladder) that most adults and even kids can appreciate.
While the visuals are solid, the problem is the script. There is very little ambition here other than delivering a full-length animated toy commercial. (Full Content Review for Parents also Available)
If you truly want to honor firefighters, make a better movie.
Less actively insensitive and insulting than its predecessor, Planes: Fire & Rescue is a slight improvement for this opportunistic, thoughtless franchise.
Gloriously animated with a preference for woodsy, mountainous landscapes (just make sure it is seen in the 2D format where the colors shine their brightest), "Planes: Fire & Rescue" outdoes itself when stacked next to the underwhelming "Planes."
The visuals are stunning, the details are witty...but the storyline feels like an episode of "Thomas the Tank Engine."
As it is in the merchandising aisle, so it is on the big screen: "Planes: Fire and Rescue" is precisely long, competent, and entertaining enough to be sold, and sold well.
Planes: Fire & Rescue is a good improvement over Planes, which Disney released last year. The story is stronger, there are some wonderful additions to the voice talent and the 3D cinematography is well-utilized.
In 3-D, the firefighting scenes are visually striking - with plumes of smoke and chemical dust - though the backgrounds, like other aspects of the film, lack dimension.
Fire and Rescue isn't the kind of terrible film that makes viewers snap at each other over coffee afterward: It doesn't make a strong enough impression.
For the most part, Planes: Fire & Rescue is more about chuckles than big guffaws, coupled with thrilling 3-D flight and firefighting action scenes and lessons about friendship, respect and loyalty.
What this Disney feature lacks in the title department it makes up for with fluid visuals and fast-moving action of the, yes, firefighting variety.
Considering it took off from an entertaining place, this is one sequel that flies rings around the original offering.
Firefighters do some very important and dangerous work. Even though the characters in 'Planes: Fire & Rescue' are made of metal...that is clear at the movie's most elementary level.
Most DisneyToons releases are direct-to-video. That lowly status shows here in the pokey storytelling, dreadful score, and generally tired comedy.
There are a scattering of inside gags, asides and blink-and-you-missed-it details for the parents. The film's focus, though, is pleasing the milk-and-cookies crowd.
Gannaway and his animators have done a great job illustrating the dangers and logistics of mountain set fire fighting (the fires themselves are photo realistic), but one wonders how much of this will be understood by the demographic the film is aimed at
a far cry better than Planes, dumping the multicultural crudeness of the original to offer a simplistic but age-appropriate take on duty and heroism.
With the lackluster quality of its characters - aircraft, a smattering of trucks, RVs and motorcycles - the movie makes Pixar's Cars and its sequel look like masterpieces.
A marked improvement over its predecessor, Planes: Fire and Rescue is a heartfelt albeit formulaic tribute to heroism.
It's not even made clear whether the machines can feel pain. But after sitting through Fire & Rescue, interminable even at a lean 83 minutes, I sincerely hope they do.
It's not a poor movie. But it's definitely a better movie for the kids.
The best intentions clearly resulted in the creation of a largely unimaginative, if still mildly entertaining, work.
The movie negates its own positive theme by succumbing to an unnecessary and cliched "you can have it all" standard happy ending.
The movie offers some potty humor and jokes aimed at adults, but nothing the tot crowd can't handle. It isn't as predictable as its predecessor, keeping even moms and dads on the edge of their seats with its nonstop action.
Without the kindling of character development, "Planes: Fire and Rescue" is no smoldering success, but if Disney's flight plan is to share Pixar's airspace, it's getting warmer.
The rule for animated films should be that a good joke for adults is one that is both funny and can be explained to children. Here, we have a female airplane talking about her rack. John Lasseter, I expect more from you than that.
Has the distinct whiff of a quick cash-grab sequel even though it's been in production for more than four years.
A significant improvement over the original, largely because it moves so far from the plot of the "Cars" movies
Entertaining animated sequel in which the superstar crop duster learns to deal with disappointment and put others ahead of himself.
Think of the climactic forest fire in Bambi, and then take away the deer, rabbits, squirrels, raccoons, birds and people. A forest fire ... in an uninhabited forest.
Kids will likely be charmed by anything that's mechanical and has a face, yet the sequel manages to engage older viewers as well, slowly but surely becoming a more appealing franchise than the one that inspired its creation.
It's nice to look at, easy to watch, and impossible to remember for the length of a car-ride home.
Canny references to '70s television and some genuinely funny moments will give grown-ups enough fuel to cross the finish line.
It's generic stuff, unless you're a kid who's really into playing with toy planes and trains and cars.
Disney's "Planes: Fire & Rescue" isn't half bad. Kids should enjoy it and their parents won't be bored.
Dull, predictable and flat, with decent animation but lifeless characters and a perfunctory narrative.
No, it's not as exciting as a dragon burning s--- up, but it's a lot more entertaining than your average PSA.
Action-oriented animated sequel that, in blockbuster fashion, offers well-choreographed set-pieces in place of an interesting story and characters.
Roughly twice as good as the first "Planes." And still not all that.
A slapdash bit of entertainment, that may delight young children, but will surely bore--and possibly depress--their parents.
There's a fire. And a rescue. And lots of static, TV-quality scenes that drably cut from one car or plane to another as they sit in garages and discuss the importance of believing in yourself.
There are enough silly jokes and simple excitement here ... to keep the youngest ones interested, and a few mild puns to occasionally make the adults smile.
With more vividly drawn characters, this could still take flight. There's just not much of nuance or distinction here, however.
There are honestly stirring moments to be found in the movie's heartfelt tribute to the virtues of teamwork, courage and sacrifice, and in its soaring 3D visuals.
Beautiful to look at, this is nothing more than a Little Engine That Could story refitted to accommodate aerial action and therefore unlikely to engage the active interest of anyone above the age of about 8, or 10 at the most.

@highlight

Although it's too flat and formulaic to measure up against the best family-friendly fare, Planes: Fire and Rescue is a passable diversion for much younger viewers.