There are lessons about love to be learned, bloody shootouts, a sweet fur coat worn by a heartless bounty hunter, and a grim montage of still shots for everyone that meets their demise
The Scottish director John Maclean makes his feature-film debut here, delivering a beautifully shot picture in which the rapidly rising body count belies the sedate, thoughtful pace.
Slow West is not badly paced-not at all-but it does present a challenge to the viewer. It's not slow so much as wandering, and you have to be willing to roll with deeply weird moments interspersed with violence and tragedy.
Slow West is the feature debut of writer-director John Maclean. [...] it is also among the more unique modern westerns in the way that it plays around with traditional western tropes and conventions.
By turns a beautiful, surprising and haunting work.
The tone of the film, a darkly absurdist frontier odyssey, recalls both the films of the Coen Brother and the novels of Cormac McCarthy.
This is an often ferociously entertaining and substantial debut.
Slow West derives its strength not only from its multi-layered story but also from its spectacular visuals of a geography, which simultaneously seems subliminally awe-inspiring and menacing.
This quirky, confident Western belies the fact it is the director's first feature, and marks him out as one to watch.
It may skimp on its characters, but with a mostly successful amalgamation of various tones, Slow West is a beautiful and bold shot in the arm for the genre.
Slow West utilises a massive arsenal of cinematic techniques shunned by most commercial filmmakers, and shows that an arthouse film can hold both tension and big ideas at once.
This is an emotionally engaging and beautifully shot Western that marks writer-director Maclean out as a genuine talent to watch. Highly recommended.
Maclean's insight is to treat all his characters as random players on the front lines of manifest destiny, half-consciously wondering if they're the butt of a cosmic joke.
Crafted with elegant assurance, Slow West is a film to savour, an authentic throwback to a classic American genre. The achievement is all the more impressive for being filmed in New Zealand by a Scottish director.
This movie feels foreign from the very start, even though we're faced with the same scenery that once framed John Wayne's hulking form.
The duo's trek through the wilderness alternates between moments of deadpan absurdity and bursts of savage violence.
A violent western all about love.
A strange and peculiar western where all the elements of a western are used to make something new. [Full review in Spanish]
A fantastic feature film where John Maclean mashes genres and emotions into a fun, profound mix that's full of surprises. [Full review in Spanish]
A movie about the universality of love and death. [Full review in Spanish]
One of the best things about Slow West is that is brings familiar elements of the genre and presents something completely new. [Full review in Spanish]
Slow West crescendos into a bravura shootout between all the involved parties, and it's as gorgeous, nihilistic, and brutally sad as the rest of the film.
Slow West moves slow, and it may be too slow for those who are not fans of Westerns, but there are rewards for such patience.
There's much to admire here, but somewhere in the wispy sharpness and smoky grittiness of Maclean's venture into genre, intentions and passions become obtuse and ephemeral in a sweeping tapestry of ideals and postures.
Brisk at 80ish minutes, Maclean's movie feels like a folk song, and features fine work from the cast, especially Fassbender.
Slow West is a stunning two hander that charms its way across the prairies of Colorado with a pack of gun-toting desperados in tow.
Continues the strong streak of modern westerns with its visually breathtaking, atmospherically rich & solidly performed story of love & survival across the Wild West.
Slow West ambles to its inevitable bloody conclusion, a beautifully orchestrated ballet cast with heroes, fools, unwelcomed guests, and lovers, assembled in the fields of the Lord. Welcome back to the West.
...a well-crafted debut from an exceedingly promising filmmaker.
It is totally captivating and utterly tragic and confirms John Maclean as a major new talent.
What an ambitious and well-executed debut this is.
With its weirdly lyrical portrait of frontier life, this blackly comic oddity balances on the generic knife edge between the western and the musical.
As the title suggests, Maclean is in no hurry. Even at the most climactic moments, he always looks for an offbeat perspective.
It's a work of rare purity, directness and concision - a pity that it's lumbered with that slightly deceptive, off-putting title. Slow it's not.
First-time feature filmmaker John Maclean takes a strikingly original approach to the Western, creating a realistic road trip for two very different men.
Slow West is not much like any other western. It's not a great deal like any other film.
Michael Fassbender is never not worth watching, and his unique blend of cynical smarts and weary humor is perfectly suited to this bitterly funny road trip.
Maclean surrounds his characters with colour and beauty, even as he steers Slow West into some very dark places. This is a hell of a debut.
The western may be about as relevant to American society as the ability to lasso a rampaging steer, but the genre refuses to die. Instead it evolves, taking on new meanings with each new incarnation.
A western, most likely different from any western you'll have seen before, it is by turns funny, sad, tragic, comic and drily witty - it's a gem of the genre.
Proof, should it be required, that the Western certainly hasn't gone west.
That magical combo: a debut feature that knows exactly where it's going and leaves you wanting more.
It's only slow in the way a rattlesnake or a predatory killer is slow. This terrific film is actually tense, twisty and brilliant.
The film is small in scale but filled with resonant ideas and emotions.
Maclean has made a Western of such confident ease that it's hard to believe this is the director's first feature film.
Robbie Ryan's cinematography gives off a sun-dappled haziness akin to a map pointing to buried treasure; one that has turned mucky yellow due to being pawed endlessly by tobacco-stained fingertips.
a reverie on what westward expansion meant - and what it cost - in the building of the American Dream.... It is a strange, singular journey into desire and desperation, pitched somewhere between anthropology and existentialism.
Substance doesn't quite match up to the high style of this ethereal western, but Michael Fassbender lends weight as the gruff gunslinger who rides along with the kid...
Slow West is too irreverent to be instantly iconic or truly heartbreaking, undermining its most potentially poignant moment in amusingly emphatic style. That's not to say that it isn't striking or stirring.
Maclean's askance outsider's view of America's Old West is bracing; he strips away the pioneering myths and shows it for what it truly was.
Maclean deviates even further from western canon with a sense of irony that is off the charts compared with the genre norm.
It makes a dusty genre feel distinctly modern.
In Slow West, John Maclean has proven himself an able filmmaker and talent handler.
Essentially an old-school Western with some interesting tweaks, Slow West -- the debut feature from musician-turned-filmmaker John Maclean -- is a simple story told, yes, slowly. But it offers a bang-up finish.
There's more to the story than meets the bull's eye in Slow West, a brainy and genre-defying western by newcomer John Maclean.
The feature-film debut for UK director John Maclean, Slow West is a strange beast that looks like the Coen brothers and Wes Anderson teamed up to shoot alternating scenes.
Writer-director John Maclean salts his tale with quick violence, memorable characters and a beautiful fatalism that lingers after its rather brief 84-minute running time.
Slow West is a clipped, super-economical neo-Western-or rather a meta-Western musing on certain conventions of the genre that refuses to die but continues to mutate, these days usually into more or less ironic forms.
A deeply atmospheric mood piece typified by beautiful vistas and tranquil calm being disrupted by sudden bursts of violence
You don't have to love westerns to like this movie, but those who do might enjoy the way Maclean pays his respects.
There are some glorious moments of violence and the usual hail of bullets when the action starts, but the heart of the film is in the journey.
There's a distinctive mood that reverberates throughout this intriguing western, whose straight-ahead narrative is contrasted by the offbeat characters that appear unexpectedly along the way
The narrative of John Maclean's first film Slow West never entirely convinces.
The men and women of the American western frontier make their plans but fate decides their disposition in this stylish western noir.
The characters may often feel like props for Maclean's observations on the violent conflicts that built America, but he shows that Westerns can still provide thrilling shoot-'em-ups.
It's all of 84 minutes. But when it's done, you know you've seen something.
An alt-western with plenty of quirk but little bite, John MacLean's Slow West is a wasted opportunity kept afloat by a bevy of skilled actors. It goes for a revisionist approach to the genre, but misses the mark.
Familiar beats - eccentric characters, tensely-crafted gunfights, beautiful landscapes - are executed with attitude, an air of melancholy & an unexpected sense of humor.
With its clever visual flourishes (including a bloody climactic shootout that packs a punch) and sharp dialogue that includes a bleak sense of humor, it rewards patience for its deliberate pace.
The landscapes are glowingly captured by cinematographer Robbie Ryan, and the movie mostly resists grand gestures of import in favor of small moments of insight.
Perhaps not as cohesive a movie as many would like, but it's an original vision with plenty of western flavors and strong performances. Its peculiarity and deliberate ways are an asset.
The film gives us a string of encounters that share certain characteristics and that all repeat the idea of de-romanticizing the myth of the West.
Writer-director John Maclean insists at every opportunity that the American west teemed with brutality and that every positive myth about the region was built on a lie, yet he doesn't deliver this familiar revisionist history with much force.
By emphasizing the heightened sound of bullets whizzing in air, then striking wood, windows and bodies, the movie presents an intense, almost immersive experience.
Maclean's film is a wonderfully dreamy, if meandering, take on the western. Like all movies that use their fantastic surroundings, Slow West is best seen on a big screen.
...almost perfect example of the modern Western, the kind of film I'd like to see more frequently.
Gives style a good name.
Whether the hallucinatory beauty of the visuals is enough to compensate for its narrative pretentions is...doubtful.
The story builds to an ironic anticlimax that few of the films that inspired this one would embrace.
[A] meandering, deliberate and tearless - yet oddly moving - western vehicle, which is both slow and, as gunslinger movies tend to be, action packed.
It's always entertaining to see a genre tweaked, at least when it's done so with the proper mix of respect and madness at work in "Slow West."
Like most genre manipulations, the film feels one step removed from inspiration - that is, more inspired by other movies than by direct experience. It also lives up to its name.
That melancholic undercurrent of an era nearly bygone is what holds Slow West together in spite of seeming a shaggy assembly of matter-of-fact executions and stuff-of-legend yarns.
Influenced as much by Wes Anderson as by Sergio Leone ... The genre is often presented as myth; this is the Western as fairy tale.
Might meander a bit, but it never gets lost, and while the film is currently available on demand, it takes a big screen to fully appreciate the wide-open spaces and treacherous, stunning wilderness captured so effectively by cinematographer Robbie Ryan.
The film is too artsy for its own good, but it has some marvelous Coen Brothers-style black humor.
First time writer/director John Maclean creates Slow West as a sort of unofficial love child of Wes Anderson and Quentin Tarantino.
SLOW WEST definitely revels in the glories of the genre; it's filled with beautifully composed shots, graceful movements, and masterful uses of color, light, and dark -- not to mention striking images of man at odds with his environment.
"Slow West" must be counted one of the most unintentionally ridiculous Westerns to come down the pike in a long, long while.
A quiet, discursive journey with flashes of dry humor.
A western fable with an often dreamlike vibe, "Slow West" proves to be a surprisingly sly tale of passion, greed and survival.
An absurdist deconstruction of classic Hollywood westerns whose 21st-century view of frontier mythology is as sardonic as that of the Coen brothers.
As you might imagine, shoot-outs ensues. But true to its name, Slow West takes a long time to get there, and gives us achingly gorgeous vistas in the process.
It's a shaggy-dog story full of colorful characters and aimless but diverting narrative byways, all delivered with Andersonian solemnity.
[Slow West has] a brisk momentum and a snap to its absurdist gags that mark Maclean as a filmmaker with unusual promise.
Maclean has something worthwhile to say about the true brutality of the old West, especially as it relates to immigration, but he hasn't quite found a compelling context for those musings, and he sprays ideas like buckshot.
"Slow West" certainly lives up to its title: It's one poky Western, plodding and perambulating and moseying across the 1870 frontier on a grim march to a pointless ending.
Subverting a classic set-up with thoughtful dialogue, uproarious sight gags and wincingly brutal violence, Maclean has made a mean, lean Western more viciously entertaining and visually mesmerizing than anything in the genre since 2010's True Grit.
A scarily assured feature debut, mashing together stray elements into a smooth brew.
This is a western through alternative eyes and ears, though what motivates everyone in it - love, money, fear, redemption - is as familiar as an old pair of boots.
An angular Western that sublimates the fading promise of the New World into a fairy tale of unrequited love, Slow West starts with "once upon a time" and ends with a crackle of incredible savagery.
It's the rare western that invites you to imagine what life then and there might actually have felt like, sight gags and all. Maclean is a supremely promising talent.
...a familiar yarn told in a somewhat unfamiliar drawl.
While that makes for an intriguing experiment, the results are at times befuddling -- and, even more often, underwhelming.
The American frontier is as bloody as ever in Slow West, John Maclean's lean and lyrical coming of age story.
A wholly enjoyable buddy Western punctuated by occasional shocks of black humor.
John Maclean's impeccably crafted writing-directing debut at times has a distinctly Coen-esque flavor in its mix of sly intelligence, bleak humor and unsettling violence, exuding fierce confidence even when these qualities don't always cohere.
The word "slow" in the title is no lie, but the movie is far from boring.
Slow West dances between cheekiness, tragedy and thrills with breathtaking deftness.
Maclean takes more interest in the journey than the destination. The stops along the way are alternately life-threatening, illuminating and abruptly, wildly funny.
Just as your attention starts to wander, "Slow West" pulls it up short. The director is John Maclean, making his début, and, if he demonstrates how hard it is to handle whimsy, he more than atones for it ...
Fassbender makes a cool gunfighter/anti-hero, and New Zealand does a nice job doubling for America's Old West in this offbeat fable
Maclean shows a land where loss of innocence is ever-present.
One of the most thoughtful, witty, satisfying Westerns of the last decade.
Not a traditional Western by any stretch of the imagination, Slow West operates in the same manner as such haunting and off-kilter horse operas as Jim Jarmusch's Dead Man and John Hillcoat's The Proposition.
A neo-western that operates in purely mythic terms, Slow West evokes an 1870 America steeped in isolation, heartbreak, suffering, and misery.
The film is a pageantry of pseudo-art poses, a self-consciously cool reorientation of the western as silly symphony.
While the ending doesn't exactly scream earned or original, it's a well-constructed piece that hawks back to films like "McLintock!" and "True Grit." A hypnotic film.
Sometimes the most old-fashioned way feels the freshest....It's as comfortable as a warm blanket by the fire, a sense that you're in good hands hearing a good yarn being told.
Slow West is defined by a kind of loving ambivalence -- about its hero, its genre, and perhaps most of all about a landscape so harsh and so beautiful it almost makes a man hope to die.
An absurdist, melancholy coming-of-age tale that jumps from odd comedy to striking violence to stirring reflection.
Thrilling euro-western with a darkly comic twist.
Slow West is a beautiful-looking film highlighted by its performances, with just the right amount of humor to make up for the flaws in its story structure.
This classic western myth is presented as more of a fairy tale, with absurd and surreal encounters dominating Jay and Silas's journey.
Using an economy of dialogue and striking visuals, Maclean tells a simple but soulful story that hits you with bursts of bloodshed and sharp gallows humor.
Slow-burning and simmering, "Slow West" knows how to kick the voltage into high gear.

@highlight

Slow West serves as an impressive calling card for first-time writer-director John M. Maclean -- and offers an inventive treat for fans of the Western.