Christopher Lee, who plays the lord of the island, thinks it's one of the finest films he's ever made -- and he's right.
A truly unique horror movie, one of the odd handful throughout history that doesn't really seem to have been influenced by anything and has no obvious heirs, not even its own remake.
Adult chiller about modern pagans -- no Hogwarts.
A mordant study of theological anxiety
The gothic ambiance and mood synonymous with the era's familiar tales of unholy menace is wholly absent. If there is evil here, it doesn't know it's evil.
It remains a fine example of occult horror that remains with the viewer well past its conclusion.
Anthony Shaffer penned the screenplay which, for sheer imagination and near-terror, has seldom been equalled.
Robin Hardy's 1973 cult horror film passed through several distributors, several versions, and several bankruptcies, picking up a powerful reputation along the way.
You can't help smiling at the audacity of it all and shivering a little at the feelbad ending.
The tension occasionally goes slack, but hardly anything surpasses that clifftop finale for freakish terror.
Part folk musical, part occult chiller, and quite mad.
A British golden-oldie worthy to be placed alongside classics such as Ira Levin's The Stepford Wives or Rosemary's Baby.
Devised by its star Christopher Lee, director Robin Hardy and writer Anthony Shaffer as a meditation on the rise of New Age spiritualism, the movie is now, of course, gleefully camp and a tad reactionary.
The ultimate British cult classic -- a unique film that straddles genres, features Christopher Lee in a dress and builds toward one of cinema's most memorable climaxes.
It's a heady brew, but Hardy keep the mystery simmering, while his staging of several merrie pagan songs -- and of course the chilling climax -- is truly memorable.
The Wicker Man is, more than anything else, a film about what people can do in the name of religion or, more generally, belief. Its power comes not from appeals to the supernatural but from a deep understanding of our own undeniable nature.
It envelops you in a time and space that is unfamiliar, fascinating, exotic, and frightening all at once.
The premise is quite intriguing and is certainly sinister, but it's undermined by a too-leisurely pace and musical numbers that are straight out of an x-rated fetish-fantasy as imagined by Walt Disney.
One of best horror films ever made.
They deliberately cast horror icons to help them break the mold... if you keep in mind its original context, it can be a very interesting film.
The Wicker Man's genre-bending, thematic daring, and tortuous history have made it the U.K.'s definitive cult movie.
Mais do que simplesmente assustador, o filme prop천e uma inteligente discuss찾o sobre a natureza cegante das religi천es (e o conforto que proporcionam), a intoler창ncia e o fundamentalismo.
This unnerving chiller rises above genre conventions to deliver its own kinds of cool dread and surprises.
Essentially, it's an insane guilty pleasure, still enjoyable for its delightfully eccentric casting and for the funniest, creepiest pub scene in British movies outside of next week's reissue, Withnail & I.
The Wicker Man is unforgettable. It's the most unique horror film ever made.
... a startling movie, bizarre and disturbing with some touches of macabre humor.
Hypnotic, thrilling and a true touchstone for brilliant cinematic storytelling. Mr. Lee delivers a towering and immortal performance for the ages.
Robin Hardy's and Anthony Shaffer's horror film recently made the BBC's list of the 100 greatest British films ever made.
A subtle, effective horror classic featuring an unforgettable finale
I have never and will never understand this film's reputation.
Way overrated, and cheesy as hell. Decent premise, though.
An astoundingly successful horror film.
A film with a deliberate pace and an ending that will hit you like a lightning bolt out of left field.
The Wicker Man has a few good ideas and a great last act, but everything that comes before it is essentially disposable.
A boon for film geeks the world over.
Stick with this creepy 1973 masterpiece and you'll be rewarded by a memorable, haunting ending that follows an almost unbearably tense build-up.
There are few entries in Seventies cinema in which the efforts, the ideas, and the execution transcend the implications of cheap, genre filmmaking, and there are none as thematically appealing as The Wicker Man.
Like many of the best horror/thrillers, The Wicker Man works because it surprises audiences, relying on carefully-nurtured suspense rather than cheap, theatrical shocks.
A movie that'll burn its way into your unconscious and give you nightmares for many years to come.
One of the most intelligent and visually distinctive horror films of the '70s.
It's difficult to shake the disquieting climax of The Wicker Man.
Very intelligent and engaging.







@highlight

This intelligent horror film is subtle in its thrills and chills, with an ending that is both shocking and truly memorable.