Don't miss it.
A film with a vibrant and current argument. [Full review in Spanish]
I'm pretty happy with the conclusion that I've put together in my head. But, as with any certainty, I've got my doubts.
In a brisk 104 minutes, we meet four compelling people, establish a living breathing school environment, tackle legitimate moral dilemmas and wrestle with topics we'll spend longer than 104 minutes discussing.
Streep bursts onto the scene in a shower of meteors and takes control of director John Patrick Shanley's scenario.
You don't mess with two Capital-A actors when they decide to play the game of Who Can Yell The Loudest.
As a movie, very little actually happens. It's a lot of discussion about what might have happened or may occur in future, and then the emotional change that signals the curtain to drop and for the class to put down their pencils. The performances are st
An attention-getting bit of drama built on remarkable performances.
Shanley's continuous straining for that Great Unknown is undercut by tidy characters and cinematic deficiencies
It might be a bit of a slow starter, and it definitely takes its time allowing the story to unravel slowly. However, it's definitely worth a look, and a bit of discussion.
Not a cinematic powerhouse, but a good conversation starter
The early scenes of Doubt glide past so smoothly that it's easy to miss the seditious currents underneath.
The acting talent in evidence here is astounding and nobody, absolutely nobody puts her or his performance ahead of everyone else.
A cat-and-mouse game of power and posture, played out by two of the finest actors of the moment.
The cast['s]... collective efforts go a long way to mitigating Shanley's pedestrian grasp of film language.
A well acted exploration of desperation, the destructiveness of conviction and the persuasiveness of doubt.
this cast is nothing short of amazing.
The most thought-provoking celluloid debate of 2008; one of the year's ten best
Brilliant performances from Streep and Hoffman, however, make it well worth seeing.
Doubt is a provocative, pared-down work that in the theatre carried the subtitle "A Parable", and it has four outstanding performances.
The moral grey area of the title perhaps worked better in the stage play; exposed on screen it's not "doubt" being expressed, it's the sound of Streep's headmistressy voice demanding, "That Oscar - on my desk, NOW."
A clutch of fine performances helps to silence any reservations you might have about the screen version of Doubt.
Contando com diálogos cortantes e concebidos (e ditos) com elegância, Dúvida mantém a força de seu título até os segundos finais.
It's a splendid piece of work which, without a doubt, is hugely entertaining - and thankfully short, running at just over an hour and a half. Benjamin Button take note.
Doubt looks like some sort of upscale horror film, complete with crows and swirling leaves like The Omen. It's actually a terminally muddled piece of star-studded Oscar-bait.
There are times when Doubt feels like a sermon. Shanley highlights key themes as if the audience was a particularly dim-witted congregation. His direction, too, when it's not dolloping on the symbolism, can be stilted.
What possessed the once credible Meryl Streep to take on the caricatured role of crusading Sister Aloysius? And why is her performance so uniformly unconvincing?
Doubt is an old-fashioned talkfest which often betrays its origins as a play. It relies for its power on a series of stagey arguments.
The story is slight and unsatisfactory. And the final line is cringeworthy.
The drama is tense and claustrophobic, and the acting exceptional, although the hollow finale leaves you doubting it's about anything much at all.
Tense and teasingly ambiguous...
The film fails to convince dramatically, not because of the performances -- the cast are all excellent -- but because the air has been sucked out of the characters.
A mighty actor, a smart play, a clunky adaptation.
Empathy is one of the dramatist's slyest weapons and Shanley uses it wisely.
Intelligent and incisive, Doubt is a credible attempt by Shanley and his cast to adapt his play for the screen. Powered by finely tuned dialogue and performances, the result, while never explosive, is a gripping and engaging.
There is just one key element that grates, and that is Meryl Streep's monstrously over-the-top central performance.
Immensely powerful drama, beautifully played and delivering an emotional punch that offers a small glimmer of hope.
Though Shanley's first film as director since 1990 flop Joe Versus The Volcano never strays far from its theatrical origins, his unfussy direction and compelling script provide a perfect platform for his talented cast.
The dialogue is vitamin-rich. "Where's your compassion, Sister?" appeals Hoffman. "Nowhere you can reach it," ripostes Streep. The actress shows so much culinary art in her line-readings that an Oscar nomination seems less appropriate than a Michelin star
It does not make the most of what ought to be rather frightening and ultimately moving material.
Impressively directed drama with a gripping script and a pair of powerhouse performances from Meryl Streep and Philip Seymour Hoffman, though the ending may prove frustrating for some.
It's more heavily staged than a fourth judge walk-out in the second week of a Simon Cowell talent show.
Streep, I think, subverts the film's intention by allowing us rightly to sympathise a little with a woman whose power base is under threat by a man.
Doubt is a shaggy-god story. Written and directed by John Patrick Shanley from his successful Broadway play, it has all the grace of a high school debate.
A mostly intriguing, intelligent and moving drama with well-nuanced performances.
If Doubt had been handed over to a veteran director, it's possible that even more accolades could have piled up in its coffers. Proving once again: the Devil's in the details.
Adaptación discreta, efectiva y fiel de la obra de John Patrick Shanley, sostenida más que nada por un extraordinario cuarteto de intérpretes.
More than any other movie I can think of in the past few years, 'Doubt' was conceived of, and produced, for the sole purpose of winning Oscars. That's why it exists, and no, that's not a compliment.
As close to a blood sport as is humanly possibly for something that doesn't involve any physical contact.
It's a film that allows you to do your own thinking while enjoying some of the most inspired acting to be found in movies today.
Mercilessly, it immerses its characters in the depths of certainty and the consequences of blind faith.
This could be Meryl Streep's finest moment, and Philip Seymour Hoffman is the reason why.
Need to be reminded of what great actors can do when given a role that requires complete conviction in order to navigate a film of moral ambiguity?
You won't see four better performances than this is any other 2008 film.
We must figure whether Beauvier's intentions are pure, whether her relentless pursuit of Father Flynn is rooted in virtue, fear, jealousy, or a troubling brew of all three.
Good to the last drop: the guilt-drenched final line is a prism revealing new facets of character and theme to ponder on the way out of the theater.
There's no question in my mind that if these roles were in the hands of less talented actors, Doubt could have turned out so lifeless it would have the potential of making people suffering from insomnia fall asleep.
So clever is the writing, the direction and the performances that we swing to and fro in our trust and belief in Father Flynn. We despise Sister Aloysius for her bitter crusade one minute, but then doubt Father Flynn's innocence the next
Hoffman can do no wrong as he delivers yet again an exquisite portrayal against the formidable Streep; their verbal exchanges sent a shiver up my spine
[The cast's] eagerly mucking about the film's thematic underbelly almost justifies the relative triteness with which the material is presented.
An uneven, unfulfilling film, that hosts two or three really good dramatic scenes.
What really matters here is the cast.
It speaks volumes about where the Church is going and how far it still needs to go.
The cast is so good that it's possible to forgive that the material they're performing isn't as thought provoking as it could have been.
If you like hypothetical, debate-fueling ideas, then Doubt is one of the year's must-see movies.
A pretty well-written acting exercise that has the misfortune of, more often than not, looking as seasick as Battlefield Earth.
Confident filmmaking, a fiercely clever script and a gifted cast wonderfully bring this set of complex characters to life
For interplay and intrigue, Doubt weaves a tense, gun-free thriller where the only special effects are a light bulb and a wind machine.
Streep and Hoffman inhabit their roles to the fullest. Even for actors in their league, parts as rich as these don't appear too often.
If the movie has a skeleton which betrays its artifice and deliberateness, its actors give it real human flesh and blood.
If Shanley is condemning any rush to judgment, why is the deck so solidly stacked, not just against Streep's shrew, but all the women? Not to mention dismissing priest pedophilia as a conspiracy theory by mean nuns, considering the alarming public record.
Is that it? Call me crazy for expecting a more tidy resolution of this ultimately unsatisfying parable, in spite of a taut plotline and several inspired performances.
John Patrick Shanley's Doubt left me less moved than querulously dissatisfied despite the impressive performances of Meryl Streep, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Amy Adams, and Viola Davis in all the key roles.
I never spent time in a Catholic church and school, and Doubt makes me happy I can observe that world for a couple hours and leave it at that.
Most movies would jump right to the yelling. Doubt lets things simmer for a while, with electrifying results.
Showcases some of the finest screen acting of the year.
This adaptation of the acclaimed, award-winning stage play doesn't quite live up to its expectations. With this material and this cast we expect bigger and better things. This drama is only, merely watchable.
Blessedly, the kernel of the writing remains undisturbed, and its arguments are still powerful.
Doubt, it appears, can be just as simplistic and dull in drama as dogma.
This is the sort of hand-to-hand acting we see only at Oscar time.
Doubt is a good movie that features great performances and great moments.
This is acting as contact sport.
The face-offs between these two form the foundation of Doubt, a close- quartered but psychologically expansive film directed and written for the screen by John Patrick Shanley, based on his Pulitzer Prize-winning stage play.
Superbly acted yet ultimately underwhelming...
This Doubt is big, glossy and dramatic. And pretty fulfilling, I guess.
As a person who had the glasses literally slapped from his face by a Roman Catholic sister in elementary school, I can testify that it's hard to exaggerate when portraying a nun.
What fascinated me about Doubt were two peripheries: The blatant sexism of the 1960s Catholic church and the anguish of a terribly conflicted mother, played by Viola Davis.
Exhausting yet invigorating, it's a drama one witnesses more than just views.
Doubt lets you make up your mind [about the plot] if you insist on certainty, but the point of the story is that there really isn't any.
Despite Streep's histrionics, this transfer from stage drama to big screen lacks cinematic novelty. It always feels small when it should feel intimate.
[The] performances are so enjoyable, it feels ungenerous to note Doubt isn't quite as profound as it seems to think.
[Heavyweight actress Meryl]Streep wallops [Philip Seymour] Hoffman. He counters. She feints, he jabs. The slugfest gets serious and both end up scoring a knockout.
A collection of acting styles from the broad to the contained and the exacting to the unrestrained create an unevenness of tone and interpretation.
As my dear friend and mentor Bill Wundram, of the Quad-City Times, has told me for 23 years: Beware the overly self-righteous.
A melodrama that changes the rules in an effort to seem fresh. But at its heart it's still a boo-here, hiss-there formula romp.
John Patrick Shanley the writer should never again hire John Patrick Shanley the director.
Riveting and unforgettable, this intense drama really pulls you in and holds you with a terrific script and four unforgettable Oscar-worthy performances.
More tailored for the Oscars than a Clint Eastwood war epic, Doubt features some of the best performances we've seen all year but it falls short in other departments.
The acting is out of the park but the script leaves you doubting how good it is.
Thanks to a nearly perfect cast, this provocative glimpse into the Catholic priest child-molestation scandal manages to be deeply disturbing on several levels.
Leaves little doubt about its search for tolerance and morality in the real world.
One viewing sold me on its basic quality. A second look convinced me that Doubt is at least verging on something like greatness.
A lot of viewers get caught up in trying to figure out what really happened, when in fact the film is more of a Rorschach test.
Streep overacts the way Bette Davis did in What Ever Happened to Baby Jane? and its fun and scary and thrilling at the same time. It's the reason to see Doubt but subtle it's not - and there's no doubting that.
[The play is] a shallow work easily interpreted, and Shanley's own film version is no different in the low bar it aims for and ultimately attains.
Doubt asks hard questions, and we dutifully squirm in reply.
Doubt is not exactly a tour de force, but the film succeeds on the wattage of its stars, Meryl Streep and Philip Seymour Hoffman, as a nun and priest at odds over an unspeakable suspicion.
While the Streep-Hoffman death match is the film's dramatic high point, its success lies in its defiant refusal to trot out even a slightly satisfying answer to the question: Did he or didn't he?
If you're looking for two actors to slowly peel away all the layers of meaning from a delicately written line, you won't do better than these two.
For all its high-caliber performances, its cutting dissection of the roles of men and women within the Catholic hierarchy, and its timely resonance in the wake of the church's sexual abuse scandals, there's something pat and tidy about Doubt.
The film's added enigma makes the play's title even more appropriate, but it results in a more ambiguous and perhaps less satisfying dramatic experience.
As many intriguing ideas as Doubt raises, it remains a work better suited to the stage than the screen.
In the midst of a cast that should have wowed more, in the midst of a film that could have rattled more, Davis' sorrow upends all.
Doubt is a missed opportunity, all the way through to its final scene, which isn't nearly the statement it might have been.
Doubt, which on the page burns with stark simplicity, has gotten a little cluttered in the translation. But if you want to see remarkable screen acting, ignore the howling wind and watch these faces.
Passionate performances aside, there's an odd dispassion to this stage-to-screen adaptation of the Pulitzer Prize-winning play of the same name.
I loved Doubt, except for the giant spider.
Doubt brings assumptions about people and circumstances to the surface, and then challenges those assumptions with uncertainty and, yes, doubt. Nobody loses, but nobody wins, either
Only the writing and a couple of the performances are enough to leave the film stranded just barely on the right side of watchable.
Streep's holy woman is a beast in a habit of the very accurate throwback variety, and she will put the fear of God in you.
Cinematically, Doubt is something of a dud. But if it remains a play, it's an ingeniously structured one, with smart, thought-provoking words spoken by fabulous actors.
Worth seeing.
It is one of those plays that I think should have stay on the stage.
John Patrick Shanley's film of his every-award-under-God-winning play Doubt is a heavy slab of dramaturgy, dark-toned and somber, yet intense as hell.
This is a subtle piece of writing with major social questions raised with the answers, in the end, cloaked in ambiguity. Somehow, not getting the answers makes for a satisfying film...
I'm still shaking my head over the implausible way this film ends.
Doubt still creaks a bit of the stage, displaying the kind of tidy narrative geometry that's easier to pull off in the acknowledged artifice of live theater than in the feigned intimacy of cinema.
Shanley's play would seem ideally suited for the scrutiny of a camera. But if anything, the film feels less nuanced, bulldozed by Streep's take-no-prisoner performance.
Objectively good, but that doesn't mean I enjoy it. I mean, woo hoo, debating suspicions of pedophilia in the Catholic church!
Doubt offers up the crackling pleasures of performance and a narrative that snaps shut like a mousetrap. It's the movie equivalent of a rousing night at the theater.
This is a simple story simply told. Doubt's pleasures are crackling dialogue, top-rate acting, provocative themes and serious convictions.
The movie is a mystery tour of human motives, and a cautionary tale about the dangers of being sure.
A taut, high-stakes game of cat-and-mouse drives the absorbing psychological thriller Doubt.
Doubt strikes a deeper chill in our hearts than the creepiest thriller.
Every element of Doubt is in perfect balance.
Doubt is a commendable rendering of John Patrick Shanley's Pulitzer Prize-winning drama.
Crammed with great performances and authentic period detail (you can almost smell the cafeteria food and the mimeograph ink), it's a fine adaptation of a provocative play. Shanley should feel proud of himself.
Meryl Streep is frighteningly good as Sister Aloysius, the fire-breathing principal of a 1964 Bronx parochial school in John Patrick Shanley's powerful but stagy Doubt.
Shanley paints a shaded picture where even a final, spontaneous act of contrition contains multitudes of meaning.
If you're going to set a faith-vs.-uncertainty debate in the heart of a church milieu, shouldn't some of the characters at least mention the beliefs that they've not just dedicated their lives to, but built them around?
The movie is less than the sum of its parts.
As a consideration of faith and propriety, the movie never managed to boil my blood or break my heart.
This is a film bound to provoke differing interpretations and lively conversation at the cafe or in the car after it's over. A movie that's rewarding to think and talk about: That's the nicest Christmas present you can give a moviegoer.
Stage-to-film religious drama tackles weighty issues.
Doubt has Oscar buzz stamped on every frame - for good reason.
The air is thick with paranoia in Doubt, but nowhere as thick, juicy, sustained or sustaining as Meryl Streep's performance.
Shanley [opens] up his four-character original enough to make it more cinematic without destroying the claustrophobic air of the characters' school-bound, almost medieval, world.
Meryl Streep acts up a storm in Doubt, and the movie acts up right along with her.
Many will leave disappointed by Shanley's refusal to settle for some simplistic 'Gotcha!' scene. ... But I need films that subvert my desire to divide people into white hats and black hats.
Doubt could have been a better film but I have absolutely no qualms about saying that it could not possibly have been better performed.
...a richly satisfying, often surprisingly comical cinematic experience. Hoffman is perfection as the genial neighborhood priest who acts like a pal to the school kids.
There is precious little doubt in Doubt.
Doubt is not the first "meta" motion picture, but it's a safe bet that it's the only one that takes its name, it's internal conflict, and the resolution of both as a literal fact.
While the movie overall leaves you with a bland feeling, Streep definitely deserves the Oscar for Best Actress with her chilling and scary performance.
Streep and Hoffman are two of the most exciting actors we have, and their performances make Doubt an intense experience, almost akin to a thriller.
Oscar-winning filmmaker John Patrick Shanley's adaptation of his own Tony Award-winning play Doubt is a very good movie. It is not, however, a great one.
"Doubt" never quite works as a film for the simple reason that it is the kind of narrative that requires the intimacy and immediacy of the live theatrical experience for it to truly succeed.
Doubt ends on a note so ridiculous, so heavy-handed and over-the-top that it would have been right at home during some cartoon parody of pretentious Oscar do-gooders trying to shout its message towards your 6-D glasses.
If only the swift, snappy humor could have lasted into the third act, but the emotional thrust is still there, and Doubt is a fascinating picture.
Not the dramatic showstopper one might be expecting, but it also isn't without humanity and a pleasing impartiality.
The title refers not just to the question of proof of an ugly allegation but to our own need for certainty and understanding in a world that is ambiguous and contradictory.
...the story is so ludicrous, defying rational human behavior, that it doesn't measure up to the wonderful performances.
In adapting his own play to the screen, John Patrick Shanley makes all the right moves, from expanding what was once a four-character cast into a full classroom and letting us actually get to know the boys as characters.
Nothing in Doubt -- which Shanley directed, adapting his own Pulitzer Prize-winning stage play -- is certain, definitive or clear. Least of all the filmmaking.
Good, highly entertaining performances lift Doubt into the stratosphere, where it often courts camp with the mere twist of Streep's mouth, but even they can't help the movie from ultimately feeling oddly hollow.
Doubt is a complex, thematically loaded piece of work, and though it isn't enhanced on film, it deserves the wider exposure.
powerful
Meryl Streep is fantastic in Doubt, but I'd rather watch her again in Mamma Mia.
Adapted from the 2005 Pulitzer Prize and Tony Award-winning play, Doubt makes for a great story and magnificent on-screen performance, but not the full cinematic experience that separates a stage production from a moving-picture show.
Inhabiting this world are two particularly well-matched antagonists.
Most film mysteries are meant to be solved, but not this one. That's because the doubt in Doubt is presented as a virtue that, being its own reward, the audience is asked to heartily embrace.
Streep and Hoffman are pitch-perfect, and Amy Adams is also superb as a young nun caught up in the conflict.
Shanley has adapted, slightly expanded and directed his play for the screen, and while it helps to enjoy the old-school dramaturgy and knowing theatrical craftsmanship of the piece, I'm probably not alone in my surprise at how well the results work on scr
John Patrick Shanley opens up his Pulitzer Prize and Tony Award-winning play,diluting some of its dramatic alchemy, but with its considerable strengths intact. He's assembled a veritable screen dream team to rival the brilliant stage ensemble.
Doubt cast a long moral shadow on Broadway, but seems blunter on screen. Shanley's fussy directorial notions are less nuanced than the religious and moral arguments he's given his characters.
Doubt is decent, but not spectacular.
A beautiful machine of dramatics, Doubt entices with imposing actorly sway, yet leaves behind a resounding thematic residue that doesn't wash away.
Given the incendiary subject and powerful cast, Doubt could have been explosive, but ends up merely solid.
Award-worthy performances aren't enough to keep Doubt from falling flat in the end.
What was a play of ideas becomes a movie of distractions ... [but] the dream cast doesn't disappoint.
A terrifically acted thinker in which every perspective is open to interpretation, and ambiguity and truth switch places depending on who's looking.
Doubt, John Patrick Shanley's film adaptation of his acclaimed Pulitzer Prize-winning play, is a showcase for actors -- and it never lets you forget it.
Doubt has exact and merciless writing, powerful performances and timeless relevance. It causes us to start thinking with the first shot, and we never stop. Think how rare that is in a film.
Doubt is being squired around town as prime Oscar bait. But in Shanley's hands, it only looks deep.
Those interested in the concept of due process and the ethics of discovering the truth shouldn't miss 'Doubt.'
It'll pin you to your seat.
Streep in her black bonnet and Hoffman with his meticulously parted hair and long, clean fingernails are never quite believable.
It is drama of the highest caliber, shaped by words and characters and directed with a simplicity that stands in stark contrast to the complexity of the people and issues on screen.
Doubt works best when the performers are simply allowed to spar.
The crisis of faith faced by everyone in Doubt raises the biggest doubt of all.
A brilliantly acted and thought-provoking spiritual drama about faith, openness, certainty, and not knowing; one of the year's best films.
Ironically, by bringing us closer to the action--or more properly, the argument--the film diminishes the play's impact, as well as accentuating the overly histrionic elements of the performances.
Although Meryl Streep and Phillip Seymour Hoffman are certain to dominate all discussion ... Viola Davis steals the film in its most memorable scene
But if Mamma Mia! and The Producers taught us anything, it's that stage people shouldn't get too involved with the movie version, because the performances wind up playing to the mezzanine rather than to the camera lens.
If only Doubt had been made in 1964, shot by Roger Corman over a long weekend, and retitled Spawn of the Devil Witch or Blood Wimple, all would have been forgiven.
Shanley, who has not directed a feature film since his maiden misadventure almost twenty years ago with Joe Versus the Volcano, has neither the skill nor the perspective to turn his Broadway powerhouse into a movie of similar punch.
John Patrick Shanley adapts and directs his award-winning play about the question of pedophilia within the hierarchy of the Catholic Church - with some degree of success.
Aside from awkward, often ill-fitting tilted camera angles, the writer/director adapts his stagey work with a modicum of aesthetic theatricality.
Doubt doesn't work fully on screen as it did on stage, but it's worth seeing for Streep's grace notes.
Judging it against the play may be unfair; taken on its own merits as a pop entertainment, Doubt, the movie, is far from a complete waste of time.
Doubt, which apparently reached the heavens on stage, is a bit too leaden on the screen to get far past the clouds.
Doubt, fussily overdirected by its author, John Patrick Shanley, dulls the play's own sharp inquiries into the dangerous power of those who profess certainty with God on their side.
Convincing performances from Amy Adams (as Sister James), Meryl Streep, and Philip Seymour Hoffman do little to mitigate the material's buried agenda.
You need not be religious to believe in this minor miracle.
Doubt stirs up a lot of stormy theatrical weather, but the stolid transfer from stage to screen does Shanley's play no favors.
A fascinating, worthy adaptation, even when its own cinematic shortcomings dilute its power.
An award-seeking missile of a film which contains enough performance firepower to reach its target.
An effectively ambiguous, high-pedigree adult drama that entangles viewers in slow, sure-handed fashion.
A terrific and troubling drama of ideas bristling with nuance and grief. Instantly a leading contender for some of the year's biggest acting prizes.
Mark your Oscar ballots: Ambiguity may prevail in dealing with issues of morality and authority, but there is no doubt that Meryl Streep deserves an Oscar nod (her 15th!) for playing the drama's toughest role with utmost conviction.


@highlight

Doubt succeeds on the strength of its top-notch cast, who successfully guide the film through the occasional narrative lull.