Tense, atmospheric, chilling and always engaging, added to by a pulsating, frantic soundtrack, Nightcrawler is a special, often dark, film that strides over a minefield of morals.
What a slick and thrilling vampire B-movie this is.
... a wicked satire of the tabloid news television that chases sensationalistic stories for ratings (the cliché "if it bleeds, it leads" is the guiding philosophy)
Jake Gyllenhaal's performance is nothing short of legendary
Nightcrawler is tense and appalling, yet strangely funny, intriguing and engaging at the same time. Watch it.
Nightcrawler [works] as a stylish and exciting thriller.
This is a performance for the film history books, and one that Gyllenhaal inhabits totally.
[Jake] Gyllenhaal is mesmerizing as the ruthlessly ambitious Bloom.
Most of all, Nightcrawler is a fine thriller and a great showcase for [Jake] Gyllenhaal's talent, wit, and comic timing.
Intriguing, unnerving and haunting.
Nightcrawler, on its surface, is a relatively straightforward thriller, built around a slightly improbable but very effective main character, a man who starts as an antihero and plunges straight ahead toward villainy.
What's fascinating about this movie is the way in which writer/director Dan Gilroy treats Bloom. He's framed as a regular cinematic hero rather than a devious anti-hero.
Even if Gyllenhaal's Bloom doesn't entirely resonate, Nightcrawler is still an amusing, menacing and entertaining film.
"Lou Bloom" is one of the most memorable characters I've seen in years. [Full review in Spanish]
Sinister and upsetting and strangely magnetic - as the best movie monsters are - Gyllenhaal rises above the intermittently pedestrian screenplay.
Written crisply, directed unapologetically and acted brutally, Nightcrawler is one of the best films of the year.
Gyllenhaal's role overshadows the whole while also making it better.
It's a small, compact, tightly written picture, shot in richly expressionist tones by Robert Elswit and guided by an exquisitely judged lead performance.
For a movie that tries so hard to be disturbing, Nightcrawler is actually quite comforting. It takes a societal sickness and blames it on a boogeyman.
It takes place almost entirely at night and director of photography Robert Elswit... carves out a marvelous neo-noir atmosphere of Los Angeles at night with his razor-sharp photography of the streets after dark...
In a knockout performance, Jake Gyllenhaal plays Louis Bloom, the type of guy who would not only sell his own mother but would chop her up into tiny pieces to facilitate the transaction.
The fascinating, disturbing Nightcrawler questions the line between crime reportage, and reportage that's a crime in and of itself. That is, if that line still exists at all...
An emaciated Gyllenhaal plays Louis so adroitly, he must have been always intended to have this role. He snares the audience with his character's dark charm and floors you with his inhumanity.
Jake Gyllenhaal is better than the sum of Nightcrawler's parts, but the film is still a riveting, horrific exploitation that blurs the lines between American greed and the American dream.
A gripping drama about a wily hustler who finds success as a freelance photographer of night-time car crashes and violent crimes
Nightcrawler gives us what we want--a "happy ending"-- as well as what we deserve-- a deliciously ironic comment on what passes for success in contemporary society.
"A chilling, addictive piece of pulp fiction driven full throttle by Gyllenhaal's revelatory performance."
Nightcrawler feels like it's been building in Dan Gilroy for years. The director and his star have something interesting and even exciting on their hands. It's pretty can't miss stuff.
Nightcrawler circles around a bit before finding a rhythm and getting to the real meat, and is almost procedural in the way Lou gets into the trade. But once the momentum picks up, it doesn't stop.
Like an alternate version of Network in which Faye Dunaway cannibalizes the conscientious William Holden character, Nightcrawler cleverly dispenses with any debate about the tyranny of ratings and the erosion of privacy.
Gyllenhaal, never one to shy away from the darkness of a character's soul, is absolutely in his element.
Although far from subtle, the metaphor of man as corporation is skillfully hidden behind black comedy, intense action and artful cinematography.
Make no mistake, Nightcrawler is a major work for everyone involved.
[Gyllenhaal's character] might be the post-recession cousin of Christian Bale in American Psycho. It's as if Humphrey Bogart had a baby face, lost all his marbles, and gotten a subscription to the Harvard Business Review.
Filmmaker Gilroy, brother to Tony (of the darkly marvellous Michael Clayton), makes every cinematic second count. If you blink you miss a tell-tale reaction shot, a vital visual plot clue, or a brilliant cut-in.
It's a slinky black cat of a movie, commanding attention and reeling you in to follow down filthy, dangerous alleys.
Gyllenhaal anchors Nightcrawler with a gonzo, transformative performance.
Gilroy's script is less interested in social commentary than in crafting a slippery character study, and Gyllenhaal is perfectly suited to that.
More a character study than a thriller, Nightcrawler is well-acted and compelling.
It's a modern-noir portrait of the way we eat our news, but amid the media, Nightcrawler slowly turns its unblinking eye on something darker. And much closer to home.
Writer-director Dan Gilroy create a compelling portrait of a slick hustler straight out of What Makes Sammy Run?, prowling the garish neon mean streets instead of the studios of Hollywood, willing to stoop to anything, even murder.
As its title implies, writer-director Dan Gilroy's L.A. noir drama Nightcrawler will get under your skin with its profile of a go-getter whose ambition and amorality know no bounds.
A gritty urban comedy noir, a scathing, Network-worthy disembowelment of television newsgatherers that will leave you craving a shower.
It seems like a lot of satirical hue and cry about a social problem I'm not sure the nation is currently plagued by. Are local TV news stations really conducting daily bidding wars over the goriest footage random freelancers can bring them?
As befits a nightcrawler, this film suggests a creepy world of urban blight. Its rawness is as mesmerizing as it is threatening.
Jake Gyllenhaal plays Louis, and he delivers a devil of a performance in one of the best movies of 2014.
The film is as funny as it is unsettling... and it's plenty unsettling.
Creepy, nasty, often hilarious stuff, Nightcrawler shows Gyllenhaal exactly where he seems to want to be and having the time of his life while he's at it.
You never fail to keep your eyes glued to Gyllenhaal.
Nightcrawler is a savvy story about the media's often compromised moral compass, built around a searing and indelible performance by the consistently impressive Jake Gyllenhaal.
As well as being a terrifically paced, written and performed movie, Nightcrawler is also a very relevant picture about what the spectacle of violence does to both the mind and the soul.
When you throw in his passive aggressive personality, you've got one of the creepiest characters that we've seen on screen this year.
Headlined by career best work from Jake Gyllenhaal, Nightcrawler is one of the darker and craftier thrillers to come along in quite awhile.
Stands apart from the crowd at the multiplex, a tight, absorbing thriller despite its rather murky messages.
Gyllenhaal's character isn't actually obsessed with real-life tragedy and carnage. Instead, his predatory creep has something else on his mind: success. Lou is a product of his generation - a DIY careerist, unburdened by a conscience.
A true original, and a totally awesome entertainment, all the more so if you like your satire as bitter and black as a Turkish espresso.
After all these years Jake Gyllenhaal has finally found his perfect role.
The film remains an amusingly sick joke and, despite its preachiness, a fun ride.
Working the space between the De Niros of 'Taxi Driver' and 'The King of Comedy,' Gyllenhaal is memorably creepy and almost cadaverous...
Nightcrawler paints a pretty grim picture of modern society and the logical outcome of our collective insatiable thirst for information, bigger shocks and faster delivery.
This is Gyllenhaal's film: his best since Zodiac, which it closely resembles.
When it comes to Nightcrawler, it is best to be both alert and alarmed.
Nightcrawler flourishes as a searing indictment on unchecked mania, workplace malpractice, and the forces that maintain them.
The film crackles with fetid electricity amid a strange nocturnal beauty.
It's really an interesting film in a lot of ways and I was never bored but I also felt that it didn't really soar as much as I wanted it to.
The noirish photography by Robert Elswit, best known for his work with Paul Thomas Anderson, is highly effective, making contemporary Los Angeles at night look nightmarish, and the performances are superb.
Persuasive and smartly-scripted, Nightcrawler arrives at an interesting moment for Hollywood cinema.
Glides out of the darkness and seizes you by the throat.
Jake Gyllenhall gets his Rupert Pupkin on in Nightcrawler, the heir apparent to Martin Scorsese's own satire of media infamy and celebrity (at any cost), The King of Comedy.
The fact Gyllenhaal holds our attention and our care for so much of this film is an achievement but also strangely terrifying.
[F]eaturing one who lurks at night to gather crime footage for broadcast, the film parodies the obsession (with taking images) and notes it to be a tragedy of our times.
...a passable effort that boasts a seriously above-average central performance.
The most cynical journalism movie in years. Shows us a troubled young man with a scuzzy air about him, with little in the way of education or social graces, who may in fact be a full-on sociopath, and concludes, "that guy should be a TV journalist!"
It's a no-nonsense, old-school exercise, with a tinge of borderline trashiness.
Nightcrawler is artful and frighteningly plausible.
The anti-hero wacko is played to the hilt by Jake Gyllenhaal.
Jake Gyllenhaal's 'nightcrawling' TV cameraman drags ambulance-chasing to a new low in this disturbing tale of a creepy sociopath feeding TV's blood-thirst for the goriest footage.
The film embodies the dark night of the main character's soul as well as our own.
... the best Martin Scorsese movie not directed by Scorsese. It's that good, that assured ... that unshakable ... Scores as both urban thriller and 'Network'-like comment on the media.
...a fascinating character study with a riveting and utterly creepy performance by Jake Gyllenhaal.
Despite the grisly trimmings and Gyllenhaal's unhinged performance, it's coldly analytical and dry as a bone.
The greatest range of topography, however, plays over the gaunt features of Jake Gyllenhaal, eyes wide, nearly unblinking, cheekbones like a hungry wolf. His Lou Bloom is a lone wolf, too, a nattering autodidact...
A slick and nightmarish descent into a world where corporate justice rewards those who do whatever it takes to get ahead. It's more than fitting that this horror show of American capitalism opened on Halloween .
Once the momentum picks up, it doesn't stop.
The film, at one level, is a screeching indictment of the American appetite, far more voracious than our own, for small-scale human suffering at the top of local news bulletins.
A thoroughly captivating film you can't easily shake off.
Gyllenhaal is creepy in his best screen performance yet
First-time director Dan Gilroy maintains a good pace throughout the film. It works on every level as drama, social commentary, action. The cinematography by Oscar-winner Robert Elswit is excellent.
Crashes and crime scenes are his bread and butter. He is driven. He is innovative. He is happy. He is also a monster - a fiend who preys on people at their weakest and worst moments.
Gilroy's directorial debut is a crazy cool indictment of media voyeurism from which you'll be powerless to look away.
A hypnotic confluence of action, comedy and hysteria that is at once unnerving, exhilarating and unlike anything I've ever seen.
A fascinating study of what humans are capable of when logic overruns the conscience.
It's alternately terrifying and spellbinding to watch the action unfold, through a climactic street scene that had me on the edge of my seat.
Gilroy is so plugged into his antihero's grotesque opportunism that it's hard not to feel a residual kick.
A messy but intriguing and enjoyably warped slice of modern film noir as only Los Angeles can flavor it.
Nightcrawler sends its media criticism out in ALL CAPS, bludgeoning Jake Gyllenhaal's excellent performance.
Noirish 1950s cynicism meets nasty 1970s Corman-esque exploitation in a thriller that is uncomfortable, unpleasant, unforgiving, and pretty darn brilliant.
A riveting character study, but also an unsettling look at what the economy is doing to us as a society.
Jake Gyllenhaal haunts Nightcrawler like a ghost who's seen a ghost...
If you squint you can see this film as a satire, but then that betrays what a fantastic, atmospheric thriller "Nightcrawler" is at heart.
Gyllenhaal impresses as a sociopathic news hound.
A well crafted, relentlessly discomforting and disturbing, psychologically dense thriller. But would you trust say, the NSA to police itself? Namely, a hit list here of small screen competition and annoying paparazzi. Omission Alert, just sayin' is all.
Gyllenhaal has done a magnificent job transforming himself inwards, thinning out those film star looks until he resembles an unmasked Scooby Doo villain.
Part scathing media satire, part scorching crime thriller.
A sobering cautionary tale suggesting that you reflect upon all the motivations of a news source before swallowing the veracity of a story, hook, line and sinker.
Now 33 years old, Gyllenhaal is the same age that De Niro was in Taxi Driver and, like him, he is learning to channel an eerie, inner charisma, offering it up in glimpses and glimmers rather than all at once.
For a first-time director, Gilroy demonstrates an uncommon assurance, not only in his audacious tonal shifts but in the stellar work he elicits from his cast and crew.
It grows more and more preposterous but it never loosens its grip thanks to a riveting Mr. Gyllenhaal.
A mesmerizing cipher, Lou is a spiritual descendant of Robert De Niro's Travis Bickle in Taxi Driver, and of the withholding protagonists in the existential French crime films of Robert Bresson and Jean-Pierre Melville
Anchored by Jake Gyllenhaal's chilling performance, Nightcrawler is an effective neo-noir thriller that provides insightful social commentary on the side.
You can't stop watching the demented, sociopathic, narcissistic but refreshingly blunt Jake Gyllenhaal in the razor-sharply written and visually exquisite "Nightcrawler".
Jake Gyllenhaal delivers a terrifically unsettling performance.
The ultimate trick or treat: a scathing satire dressed up as a noir thriller.
After a few minutes you know everything about Louis you're going to know; the only surprise in Nightcrawler is the level of grotesqueness it achieves.
This dark satirical thriller develops some suspense with a character-driven approach.
It isn't a perfect movie, not by any stretch, but it's without question the role that will coax you on the Gyllenhaal bandwagon if you weren't there already.
With 'Nightcrawler,' Jake Gyllenhaal adds to his latest round of extreme characterizations with another superior performance here.
A worthy addition to landmark tales of journalistic ethics such as the Kirk Douglas classic Ace In The Hole and the Oscar-winning Network.
Nightcrawler would be worth seeing for Jake Gyllenhaal's performance alone, but it's also a gripping and entertaining deep-dive into a nocturnal world of ruthless opportunism as well as a deliciously caustic satire on moral responsibility.
With such a dysfunctional, amoral protagonist, Nightcrawler should be difficult to fully embrace, but Gyllenhaal and writer/director Dan Gilroy expertly toy with our sympathies.
Whether it is just coincidence that Bloom's character fits Gyllenhaal like a glove, or whether it is testimony to his profound acting skill, he takes his role, and what otherwise would have been a lightweight film, to dizzying heights.
[Gilroy] wants Louis, who perpetrates some ghastly escapades, to epitomize the sick soul of media exploitation, but he also celebrates him as an entrepreneurial go-getter who is just giving us hypocrites what we secretly (or not-so-secretly) crave.
Howard's intrusive score enhances the sense that Nightcrawler is a movie and nothing more. Which is fine, of course. But the movie's movie-ness makes you aware that a statement is being made without articulating what it is.
Nightcrawler deliberately blurs the lines between David Cronenberg-like satire, crime thriller and horror. It also poses as a twisted version of the traditional story about the all-American entrepreneur, trying to get ahead any way he can.
It's hard not to be fascinated by the dark places Gyllenhaal goes here. But "Nightcrawler" falls short as social commentary or even psychological yarn. Like Louis, it talks a good game that crumbles as you ponder it.
Nightcrawler is a scathing Network-like satire dressed as a creepy thriller.
Gyllenhaal, in a disturbing humdinger of a performance, plays Louis Bloom, a would-be news cameraman whose lack of conscience and rabid ambition make him brilliant at his chosen career.
...tightly written and directed by Dan Gilroy, Jake Gyllenhaal gives a tour de force...buttressed by atmospheric cinematography and tension-enhancing music. It is also an homage to Los Angeles with 75 different locations.
Perhaps the only thing more disturbing than Jake Gyllenhaal's performance as a borderline personality with a camcorder is the nauseating sensation that we almost like Louis Bloom.
Gyllenhaal's magnetic performance is center stage.
Lou Bloom is a cross between Nosferatu and Ed Grimley.
It's a 21st-century takedown of the media's pandering ''if it bleeds, it leads'' ethos and the ghoulish nightcrawlers who live by it.
This is a classic film, not just because every scene and line is casually beautiful and devoid of extraneous touches, but because its tone is mercilessly exact.
As an LA myth from the school of Michael Mann, Nightcrawler works quite brilliantly.
Jake Gyllenhaal gives one of the year's best performances in a very well-done, intense thriller that looks at TV news from a bottom-feeding viewpoint.
A gently comical undertone makes this thriller even creepier than expected, bolstered by sharp writing and directing from Dan Giloy and an especially clever performance from Jake Gyllenhaal.
You will laugh at Nightcrawler, but mostly out of discomfort, and when you do, your laughter will catch in your throat.
The good-to-see Rene Russo plays the ratings-happy producer showing off Bloom's wares on a nightly basis, but this is strictly the often chilling Gyllenhaal's one-man show.
A rousing and visionary piece of work...a kinetic joyride that surfs a giddy wave of dark wit and intelligence..deserves to be mentioned in same sentence as Network.
Writer/director Dan Gilroy goes for the jugular in his insanely entertaining, disturbing indictment of the media from its insensitivity towards victims to far darker charges. And that's only "Nightcrawler's" surface agenda...
Trains a searchlight on the TV news business, and flushes out some of its creepiest denizens.
Lou might as well be a 21st Century Travis Bickle, and Gyllenhaal seems to be having fun channeling his inner Robert De Niro.
Jake Gyllenhaal is focused, intense and terrifying.
Jake Gyllenhaal delivers on the promise he showed nine years ago in Ang Lee's Brokeback Mountain.
...cleverly always keeps fear somewhere in the frame.
A movie for the pleasure of movie audiences pretending to be shocked by a story of ghoulish media.
The nightmares that Bloom is selling are immaterial; what terrifies more is the cut-throat corporate culture that so willingly pays him - and pats him on the back.
'Nightcrawler' manages to be a scathing look at ambition and journalistic sensationalism while still delivering as a dark thriller.
Nightcrawler savages the news media's ratings-driven ethic (a most unethical ethic) with such force, it brings to mind Paddy Chayefsky and Sidney Lumet's Network.
A horror movie for anyone who's survived layoffs and pay cuts and been told to "work smarter."
Credit writer/director Dan Gilroy for taking a shot with an unpleasant lead character and his business of pure ugliness, pulling off an amazing filmmaking achievement with this devious but hypnotic effort.
The nearly two hour long movie is a wild ride, particularly as fueled by Gyllenhaal's edgy, nuanced, and completely mesmerizing performance. (Complete Content Review for Parents also available)
It's a cross between "Network" and "Silence of the Lambs."
"Nightcrawler" executes its ideas with tremendous craft and cool, and the courageous and counterintuitive pairing of its leads - Russo is 60, and Gyllenhaal 33 - produces two electrical, interlocking performances and undeniable erotic chemistry.
This isn't fun, escapist entertainment but, when it works, it's fascinating and compelling and makes us take a hard look at what TV news is selling and where it's getting the product.
Nightcrawler is a thrilling, dark journey into the mind of a sociopath and the cutthroat nature of success at all costs. It taps into that lurid vein of morbid fascination.
Gyllenhaal may well earn himself at least an Oscar nomination for the role, but credit must go to veteran screenwriter and first-time director Dan Gilroy, who has created a wholly unique and absolutely disturbing vision.
[Gyllenhall] is hypnotic and electrifying as the skull-like Louis Bloom, a strange man in need of steady work who hurls himself into the high-speed, extremely competitive world of "nightcrawlers."
A smart, engaged film powered by an altogether remarkable performance by Jake Gyllenhaal, it is melodrama grounded in a disturbing reality, an extreme scenario that is troubling because it cuts close to the bone.
A thrilling and superbly acted picture which immediately identifies itself as an example of cult cinema whilst never sacrificing its chilling substance over its vast amount of style.
Like the ending or not, the film finds strength in the performances by Gyllenhaal and Russo. Their work is as captivating to watch as a police chase on a Los Angeles freeway.
It's a solid first time out in any event, entertainingly obvious at some points, obvious-obvious at others, and jazzed to have a rich subject and a star willing to run with it.
Jake Gyllenhaal gives the best performance of his career in this gripping LA drama from screenwriter-turned-director Dan Gilroy.
Nightcrawler serves as a phenomenal showcase for Gyllenhaal, who is never less than riveting . A full package of tics, tension and breathless patter, this self-taught entrepreneur stops at nothing, evoking a Taxi Driver for the TMZ age.
Gyllenhaal gives what may be the best performance of his career.
Absolutely intense, a fantastic debut by Dan Gilroy with Gyllenhaal giving an unforgettable performance that shows him achieving the next level as an actor.
It would be comforting to be able to see Nightcrawler as satire ... That would be very comforting, indeed.
Writer-director Dan Gilroy wants it both ways - snarling comedy and gripping thriller - and for the most part he gets what he wants.
For his directing debut, Gilroy is out for the contact high of that Mean Streets vibe, and Gyllenhaal and Russo deliver it to him in spades.
Jake Gyllenhaal is mesmerizing as the MacGyver of masturbatory shut-in Googlers, Oswald Cobblepot with Pat Riley hair, raised in a crawlspace on Robert Kiyosaki books.
Nightcrawler keeps making the case for Louis' likeable amorality, with everyone else going along for the dollar sign ride.
The way [Gyllenhaal] toggles between empty stares and blabbermouthed 'charm' when confronting his prey is reminiscent of no less than Scarlett Johnasson in 'Under the Skin.'
An indictment of the American workplace and a piercing character study.
Nightcrawler doesn't err cautiously but on the side of discomfort, and you have to admire that.
Dan Gilroy's "Nightcrawler" is a dark dream of a thriller, full of evil that floats like a toxic cloud across an already tainted city.
True to its title, creeps under the viewer's skin much like the predatory title character, who restlessly cruises through this modern-day media allegory like Travis Bickle's long-lost, hyper-wired West Coast cousin.
One of the year's most satisfying and original thrillers.
No matter how extreme or unlikely the scenario, we want to know how Lou will handle it. Gyllenhaal makes this antihero funny, scary and fearlessly strange.
Nightcrawler curves and hisses its way into your head with demonic skill. This is a deliciously twisted piece of work. And Gyllenhaal, coiled and ready to spring, is scarily brilliant.
Wants to be cutting-edge, but in the end its creative blade proves rather dull. Still, it's hard to take your eyes off Gyllenhaal.
That Gyllenhaal totally commits to Lou can't be questioned. The actor seamlessly embodies this strange and scary man, finding ways to turn his fidgety tics and baleful glances into reams of telling information.
There are moments that are too macabre and outlandish, but Gilroy steers the movie just this side of farce, just this side of Chayefsky, and keeps it all within a realistic framework.
"Nightcrawler" is the kind of movie that rarely hits multiplexes anymore, an edgy, pulpy thriller with a social conscience and a vicious satirical streak.
Gyllenhaal delivers his best performance to date.
Has little new to say about its subject but nonetheless thrives courtesy of its seedy, nocturnal L.A. atmosphere and a magnetic, uninhibited lead performance by Gyllenhaal.
"Jon Stewart could learn a thing from Gilroy's rightly ruthless excoriation."
It's great, wicked fun.
Sharp, dark, satirical and bone-rattlingly thrilling, with a career-peak turn from Jake Gyllenhaal.
Nightcrawler features the craziest, creepiest, coolest sonofabitch Jake Gyllenhaal has played on screen yet.
A monster movie for the modern age.
Director Gilroy, the scriptwriter of Bourne Legacy, may not be ripping the lid off shady newsgathering, but he has crafted a film that is properly creepy.
Skin crawling stuff.
A truly exceptional thriller highlighted by a wickedly entrancing, career-best performance from Jake Gyllenhaal.
Both main performances are hand-in-glove terrific, with Russo id to Gyllenhaal's ego.
A compelling and altogether impressive directorial debut for screenwriter Dan Gilroy
A modest and effectively executed urban thriller, suspenseful and entertaining in its clammy, overwrought way.
Gyllenhaal's not afraid to go creeper on his audience and leave them uneasy about what he'll do next. It's movie acting at a high level ...
Gilroy ... is directing for the first time here, but he clearly has not only an understanding of actors, but an appreciation for image.
If you're ever trying to think of an actor who's carved out an interesting career for himself and doesn't get due credit, here's your answer.
Despite the familiarity of its themes ... Gilroy's clever, skeezy little noir is worth a prowl.
Nightcrawler is well worth seeing just for Gyllenhaal's spectacularly creepy performance.
A thick film of sleaze coats every frame of "Nightcrawler," a movie that takes a hard look at media culture and provides Jake Gyllenhaal a terrific opportunity to creep us all out.
Thirty pounds lighter, all cheekbones and bulging eyes, Gyllenhaal plays one of the year's most memorable characters in this dark, provocative drama.
The drama feels heightened and overwrought, and yet it works; you can see Nina's cold-eyed desperation, and Lou's creepy rapture as he realizes that he can get a shot that nobody else has.
A grim, gruesome, gripping thriller that gets funnier and nastier in equal measures.
Gyllenhaal is Intensely Enthralling throughout this film.
Nightcrawler is the culmination of everything Gyllenhaal has been building to since setting off on a different path.
This smart thriller-drama has dark gravity and a sharp-toothed smile, with Jake Gyllenhaal giving one of 2014's best performances in an economic horror film that oozes through the L.A. night.
Lou epitomizes all-American ambition left to curdle in the media spotlight, the extent to which he is willing to endanger others coming to a head in a nerve-wracking finale.
You see some influence of other iconic characters - Norman Bates, Verbal Kint, Gordon Gekko - but Gyllenhaal's Lou Bloom becomes his own icon.
It ultimately proves questionable and unconvincing, but in this case, failure to launch is noble. It keeps you creeped out and fascinated.
Dark and cynical, filled with savage, scathing commentary about our media's relentless exploitation of violence.
Gyllenhaal's most transformative performance--reptilian.
In real life, nobody could obstruct as much justice as Louis does and get away with it. Still, Nightcrawler is unnerving because we never know just how far Louis will go.
[VIDEO ESSAY] Jake Gyllenhaal's canny portrayal delivers a revelatory character study of an opportunistic sociopath working all the angles in a system built on propaganda.
Dan Gilroy's directorial debut only offers a familiar vision of today's newsman and producers as misery peddlers, and callow ratings slaves bordering on the monstrous.
The hypnotic electronic score from James Newton Howard and neon-tinged vision of LA from Roger Elswitt recall Drive, but there's none of that film's wistful abandon here.
Dan Gilroy's sleek and slick indictment of TV news crawls under the skin thanks, in great part, to a knockout performance from a sensational Jake Gyllenhaal.
Debut director Dan Gilroy has crafted a characterful satire that doesn't say much that's original but which skewers its targets with humour and flair.
Switch off that television and head out to the cinema: Gyllenhaal is sensational headlining a pitch-black satire with its finger on the pulse.
It scuttles ahead, wide-eyed, antennae waving, on a journey to the end of the night, and toward a future when nothing will not be shown.
Apparently we won't stop enabling the MEDIA to sell us fear, so maybe getting to know the people who deliver it will help.
From the distance, it can look like the mutated cousin of something like "Broadcast News" or "Network." When you come in closer, you'll see something semi-fresh but ultimately quite defective.
This is a terrific performance by Gyllenhaal, completely inhabiting a spook of a man, a ghoul to remember.
In director Dan Gilroy's sleek crime-thriller, Jake Gyllenhaal has found a role in which he can act against his good looks and buff bod. He throws himself out there and falls - until something darker and deeper kicks in.
The wildly evocative film proves there's a Lou Bloom lurking inside most of us. He's just the one willing to cross the yellow police tape.
It holds a mirror up to a major city in a modern time, but introduces a psychotic, sociopathic tour guide who instantly becomes one for the ages.
There's not an ounce of fat on the film. It gets in, it tells the story as well as it possibly can, and it cuts out perfectly.
Gyllenhaal pushes himself even further as the unforgettable Lou Bloom, a sociopath with a pretty solid business plan who taps into a vein of darkness in Los Angeles that proves a profitable one.
First and foremost, the film is a showcase for its wiry and wired star, and for the fascinatingly amoral anti-hero he brings to life.
A thought-provoking and strangely hilarious feature that blends elements of drama and horror with the blackest of comedy, Nightcrawler is a film that truly gets under the skin.
Gyllenhaal, who summons career-best work, simply couldn't have played this character a few years ago.
Try to imagine the acrid TV satire of Network, lit up by the sodium glare of an LA crime flick from the 1980s, and you're some of the way into Nightcrawler.
Like his erratic protagonist, Gilroy doesn't always know when to settle down or call it quits, and the film's constant shifts of tone can grow tiring, even if the action as a whole never gets boring.
Dan Gilroy's tonally bold directorial debut can't quite pull together its differing ambitions, resulting in a story that's not entirely satisfying as a dark character study, amoral thriller or curt commentary on the sensationalism of local TV news.
A feast of capital-A acting that's sometimes amusing to watch but not believable for so much as a second.
Gyllenhaal's performance is so dedicated, and Gilroy's world so determinedly realised that it forces its way to originality.
If Billy Wilder's 'Ace in the Hole' and 'Network' had a mutant baby, it would probably look like Dan Gilroy's 'Nightcrawler'
Nightcrawler is a fresh, brilliantly led crime thriller that's coated with just enough sleaze to ease consumption, and upset digestion.
A fantastic, sleek and fun satire.
A full-on masterpiece. Darkly funny, frightening, and action-packed. An intriguing neo-noir take on a world most of us are happily oblivious to.
Deliciously macabre... Nightcrawler is popcorn snuff.
Deeply philosophical while remaining both captivating and entertaining, Nightcrawler is that rare breed of worm, one with an Art Film heart and a Hollywood shine...Easily one of this year's best films.
A deliciously dark, cynical and riveting examination of struggle and suffering gone awry.

@highlight

Restless, visually sleek, and powered by a lithe star performance from Jake Gyllenhaal, Nightcrawler offers dark, thought-provoking thrills.