There are plot developments occurring throughout the picture that have the subtlety of a carnival sideshow, and things never add up sufficiently as an intellectual exercise.
We actually don't see very much killing at all--except, maybe, that of the careers of Morrissey and Stone.
Silly, shock-pandering lines like that nearly sink the film to Showgirls level.
In spite of Sharon Stone's hearty encore performance as the ultimate femme fatale, "Basic Instinct 2" falls unbearably flat.
jedan od rijetkih primjera kada je publika pokazala kako, za razliku od Hollywooda, ipak ima pojma o nekim stvarima
Sadly, nothing following lives up to the prurient promise of this sequence, as the film becomes a monotonously talky, gloomy affair.
Poor Sharon Stone. She's still big; it's the erotic thrillers that got small.
...a script that is so full of cliche's that I actually knew the end of the film 10 minutes before it ended.
full review in Greek
This is psychoanalytic fable rewritten as pulp fiction. Perhaps that's why it's so ludicrously entertaining.
As a stand-alone film, this doesn't work; but viewed through the prism of the original, it offers some twisted, self-conscious pleasures.
I won't say I didn't enjoy it; this is the kind of film that begs to be talked back to, that satisfies our highly developed taste for schadenfreude.
Michael Caton-Jones directs with bland disinterest, but Stone hams it up with the campy relish of a drag queen doing Faye Dunaway in Mommie Dearest.
With her raunchy innuendo and near-parodic sexuality, Stone seems to be coming on as the Mae West of film noir.
You've been here before when it was fresher.
It's left to David Thewlis as a know-it-all cynical cop to walk away with the whole film. He brings a mischievousness and wit to a movie sorely lacking in both and offers a fine example of what this sequel should have been.
We're not in the 90s anymore.
Everything about this movie is bad.
A veritable cold shower of a sequel to 1992's softcore spectacular.
Morrissey's performance is much better than the film really deserves - he pulls off a complex blend of pride and barely suppressed rage whilst still remaining sympathetic.
[A] garish, deliciously awful sequel.
A pale shadow that is imminently unworthy of even a raised heartbeat.
Ao tentar recriar a ambigüidade do original, revela só a fragilidade de seu roteiro, que, pela (falta de) qualidade, poderia ter sido escrito pela própria Catherine Tramell.
Stupefyingly lackluster.
Like many sequels this is actually a remake, and it suffers from the law of diminishing returns.
Basic Instinct 2, with Sharon Stone once again in the seductress role, is a sordid tale of lying liars and pants on fire.
Vamp or mind-vampire, a stylishly empowered Stone distracts from incredulity until an ill-conceived climax drowns it in a British harbor of excess miscalculation.
As it is, the movie is just bad enough to laugh at a time or two and nothing more, leaving me to think the best instinct might be to leave the theater curtain closed and hope to open our naked eyes to entertainment elsewhere.
Another low in Hollywood's descent into virtual flesh-peddling ... Stone proves that she's still basically a "star" only to the extent that she strips.
Leaves you bored, bothered and bewildered
In pretty short order, the entire film goes off course and sinks, taking its lead actress with it.
Stone is simply awful, replacing the sexy insouciance from the first film with a beady stare that would seem more appropriate coming from a dead codfish than a calculating nympho adept at playing twisted mind games.
The final score: Ice Picks 1, Crotch Shots, 0.
the most gratifyingly God-awful guilty pleasure since Catwoman, another gem co-starring Sharon Stone
Sordid and ludicrous, it's a steamy stink-bomb!
The plot, already mired in nonsensical backstory, collapses with the late-inning introduction of a tired metafictional device (not to mention a wildly lunging Usual Suspects twist).
Basically predictable.
For many people, the only reason to see Basic Instinct 2 is to find out if Stone uncrosses her legs again. She doesn't.
Basic Instinct 2 has a stylish look and a few sexy moments, but the plot goes from confusing to implausible to absolutely ludicrous in the final sequence.
Base. Ick. In stink.
[This] is one of those guilty pleasures that, in your heart, you know you should loath but can't help being amused by the kitschiness of the writing, acting and direction
...a relentlessly cheesy, over-the-top sexual thriller that has all the provocative luster of an inner thigh rash...[a] botched, stillborn psychological fable.
It would be nice if we could have as much fun as she is...
Could be a career-killer of the most combustible variety.
Ms. Stone's character is bad, but sexy. The movie wants to be sexy, but it's mostly just bad.
It is said that the reason there were so many years between the first BASIC INSTINCT and its sequel is that Sharon Stone was waiting for just the right script. . . She didn't wait long enough.
It's as if Stone's vagina stormed off the set in the first week of shooting and hid out in its trailer until the wrap party.
In this erotic-free film, as the dead bodies pile up, nothing is more dead than the movie itself.
A cause for temporary erectile dysfunction.
Unenjoyable, unerotic, I daresay unwatchable.
Stone is at it again in Basic Instinct 2, directed this time by Michael Caton-Jones. It's a considerably less successful film, being sold on the tasteless hope that maybe Stone will flash filmgoers once again.
Even the ice pick looks like it really doesn't want to be there.
For all the sex and slicing, the most shocking thing about it is how dreary it is.
The 1992 phenomenon was creepy, tense and sexually charged in a bold yet tawdry way. This sequel lacks even a shred of those elements.
Its only chance was to go full-on camp, as intentionally tawdry, exploitative and trashy as possible. Who thought that the best approach was to actually take it seriously?
If you're trying to reinvigorate the art of the stylish thriller, the movie you come up with needs to be stylish and it needs to be thrilling. Basic Instinct 2, written by Leora Barish and Henry Bean and directed by Michael Caton-Jones, is neither.
Stone doesn't so much enter and leave the film of her own volition so much as she's carted on and off like Hannibal Lecter, the difference being that she'd rather sit on your face than bite it off.
Despite all the heavy breathing and mood lighting, Basic Instinct 2 is so dull that you might find yourself easily distracted by side issues.
What Basic Instinct 2 is missing, besides any of the trashy good fun of the original, is a subtitle. Here's a suggestion: A Girl's Guide to Dressing for Her Shrink.
Shaped by basic commercial instincts, with at least 17 distributors lined up to carve the yum pie in global release, this heavy-breather may prove Stone's last hurrah.
Of all the things Basic Instinct 2 threatened to be -- titillating, cheeky, outrageous -- who would have thought it would turn out boring?
This film is unable to involve, entertain, or titillate. Basically, it stinks.
Stone's purring, snarling, bedroom kink is embarrassing.
The movie is very campy, but strangely, not very much fun.
The film's hilarious intended subtitle, Risk Addiction, sadly didn't make it to the release stage, but there are still enough variations of it in the final shooting script to make for a fun drinking game when you rent the DVD three weeks from now.
But the movie is a baroque little mystery of so little mystery or consequence that you're literally sitting there waiting for the next full body cavity search.
Other than its deliriously trashy intro and a loopy twist ending that questions reality itself, Basic Instinct 2 is way too restrained in every sense.
At this point, there are inflatable toys that are livelier than Stone, but how can you tell the difference? Basic Instinct 2 is not an erotic thriller. It's taxidermy.
Stone chews on the scenery, and a few co-stars, in a ferociously over-the-top performance that almost makes the silliness worthwhile.
As with the first film, BI2 abounds with red herrings and misdirection, and comes up with an equally ambiguous Did she or didn't she? ending. But there are problems here beyond its staleness.
Few expected Basic Instinct 2 to be very good, but no one expected it to be this boring.
While there was little doubt that the sequel would be the awful movie that it is, BI2 compounds the injury by, basically, taking forever to get to what little good, lurid stuff anyone coming to the movie wants to see.
BI2 should have been a gloriously excessive collision between the lurid and the ludicrous.
Basic Instinct 2 is trashy and stupid, and not really in a fun sort of way.
Using the same basic plot as 1992's original, BI2 feels less like a sequel than a remake whose shelf life has expired.
The only real intrigue comes in the film's risky flirtation with high camp.
The original movie lacked sense, but it did possess that sizzle. This one has neither.
This movie rocks ... by boldly embracing the preposterousness at the core of its story right away, and then moving on to more important things like ultra-nasty sex [and] hyper-lurid dialogue.
Sure, the old broad looks pretty good in the film, but who wouldn't with fake boobs and a lacquer finish of make-up an inch thick?
Campy melodrama fails to hold any interest 14 years later.
If Paul Verhoeven's film was a potent if hard to swallow sex-and-blood pop cocktail, this London-set sequel is a cup of thin, tepid tea.
But this time around, Stone portrays Catherine Tramell more like a desperate old floozy than a take-no-prisoners man-eater, and there's no doubt she's the evil one -- which takes almost all the fun out of it.
In the end, this is a movie that makes the original Basic Instinct look good. And in a way, that's quite a feat.
She's the Freddy Krueger of this two-film franchise. The fact that a middle-aged woman serves this function, and that the money shot is not some hideous-prosthetic-face reveal but a look at Stone's flawless breasts in a Jacuzzi, makes a tired point: in 20
The only real suspense in Basic Instinct 2 is whether Stone will or won't reprise the scene that she once absurdly claimed she was tricked into doing.
Basic Instinct 2 is basically the same movie as its predecessor. Only there's no Michael Douglas. And the setting has changed from the United States to Europe.
Most sequels are unnecessary, and this one does nothing to break the pattern.
Basic Instinct 2 seems aimed at two audiences: men in raincoats in dark theaters and graduate students in film studies.
But most of the conversation in the lobby will revolve around who designed SS's clothes and jewelry. That's the way Ms. Stone wants it, and that's the way it is.
Basic Instinct 2 is an obvious attempt to revive a stalled acting career.
Praising her [Stone] for flaunting herself is like applauding George Foreman for climbing into another ring or TV commercial whenever someone holds out a paycheck.
Embarrassment, thy name is Basic Instinct 2.
Absurdly overheated and unforgivably dull, Basic Instinct 2 is the accidental comedy sensation of the year to date.
Surely they can't be serious. This is so bad it must be camp. Under heavy pancake makeup, Sharon Stone gives a bad Mae West imitation, a performance not to be missed by any camp-follower
Ludicrously, hilariously entertaining.
The rest of the film may be murky and dull, but physically, it's hard to take your eyes off Stone. She's absolutely stunning.
You may come out of the theater complaining how ridiculous it was, but you won't be bored.
The mysteries of Sharon Stone are long gone.
Stone's every line of dialogue, every gesture, every hussy lip smack screams 'I'm too sexy for this movie.' And it's often hilarious.
It doesn't know whether it wants to be a Skin-e-max soft core porno or an episode of a primetime cop drama. It's unfulfilling as neither and ends up as an awful hybrid: we'll call it CSI: Cleavageville. I take that back: CSI: Faux Cleavageville.
['Basic Instinct 2'] has to hold the record for the most times the 'f' word has been used, not as an expletive, but as an action verb.
To get to those shots of Stone's chest and thighs, however, the audience has to wait through a two-hour story that's so tedious that the audience may walk out before Stone eventually liberates herself from her clothing.
Numbingly dull when it isn't unintentionally laugh-out-loud funny, this pitiful sequel has almost none of the cheesy/sleazy appeal of the 1992 blockbuster. Michael Douglas stayed away, and so should you.
An utterly hilarious piece of camp trash that elicited more laughs from me than 'She's the Man,' 'Larry the Cable Guy' and 'Date Movie' combined.
You're just hoping for some good trashy fun... That's why it's such a surprise when the movie turns out to be just plain boring.
Usually when you want a movie to be so bad it's funny, you can count on someone connected to the Basic Instinct franchise. Alas, they have let even their extremely forgiving audience down.
Basic Instinct 2 would be a magnificent exercise in transcendental camp... were it not for the pleading, deluded look behind its leading lady's ice-blue eyes.
Basic Instinct 2 isn't quite the spurting geyser of sexual excess that the original was, but it has a sense of reservation and a rather graceful desire for worth that makes it an acceptable distraction.
Basic Instinct created a disingenuous ego monster who has hypocritically disowned the very thing which made her a household name to begin with and yet here's a sequel that nobody but her was waiting to get made.
Instead of moving like an enchanting vision of lust, Stone stomps through every scene with the subtlety of a Clydesdale, and her hair looks like it was stolen off a Raggedy Ann doll
simply isn't bad enough to be any good
The question on everyone's mind is 'Does she look good at age 48?' Oh yeah...make no mistake, she does.
Here is a movie so outrageous and preposterous it is either (a) suicidal or (b) throbbing with a horrible fascination. I lean toward (b).
It's been 14 years since the original Basic Instinct, and time -- and the miracles of beauty technology -- have been kind to Stone. Not much else about this movie holds up.
The long-gestating follow-up to Paul Verhoeven's 1992 blip on the zeitgeist screen is a disaster of the highest or perhaps lowest order.
Dead serious and stone idiotic, the only basic instinct in evidence here is desperation.
Trust your basic instinct and avoid the worst sequel since Staying Alive.
It's the sort of movie some people call a guilty pleasure, although I don't see any reason to feel guilty about a movie that is so much fun.
Where is the suspense part? There is no suspense part. Suspense demands clarity of motive and action, and this screenplay never provides it.
Stone, whose portrayal of mature sexiness was breathtaking in last year's Broken Flowers, is so over-the-top here that Tramell appears to be channeling Cruella De Vil. Or maybe Carol Burnett vamping as "Nora Desmond."
In a better movie, this grand-dame performance might have been fun, but it's surrounded here by an impossibly dull and unsatisfying whodunit plot and unintentionally funny dialogue.
Stone's performance is so deliriously over the top that it turns almost every line she speaks into high camp.
Basic Instinct 2 is never stupid, but it is insipid and lurid in all the ways you would expect it to be.
The laughs to be had in this deliciously awful sequel are all unintentional. A bummer for film buffs, but a ball for fans of the misbegotten.
The biggest problem with Basic Instinct 2 is that it's not the worst movie ever made. It's a shame; at least then, it would have some significance.
Basic Instinct 2, for all its implausible plot devices, poverty of motivation, occasionally lethargic pace and fragrant dialogue, is a subversive piece of cinema.
Basic Instinct 2 is as dull as a blunt ice pick, watering down the original film's knockout cocktail of kinky sex and bloody murder into a timid, tepid thriller.
Basic Instinct 2 is more elaborately plotted than the original, and the result is even worse: horribly over-the-top dialogue, gratuitous nudity and no suspense whatsoever.
In Basic Instinct 2 the manufactured thrill is gone.
When Catherine finally picks up her beloved ice pick, it's more like she's showing you a photo of an old friend than an old potential murder weapon.
If your own basic instinct is to avoid this movie, then you probably should go with that.
Stone delivers her lines with slinky grace, but there's no helping out a plot with as many doggedly transparent twists as this one.
As a showcase for Sharon Stone's physique, Basic Instinct 2 is a rousing success. In every other respect, it's a colossal failure.
[L]eaves very little for fun here beyond guffawing at the outrageous caricature of dangerous sexiness that pop culture inflated [Catherine] into...
There's simple trash and enjoyable trash; this movie wants to be the latter, but alas it falls into the first category.
Stone's vampy, thumb-on-the-turntable performance is the most hideous bit of creaky past-prime tarting-about since Mae West was dropping the same dusty come-ons.
Trust your instincts. Listen to that little voice inside that whispers this sequel has 'bad idea' written all over it.
If you've seen the trailer, you've seen ALL the sex; actually, you've even seen more than is actually in the film. A threesome in the trailer is non-existent in the final cut.
Those hoping for either a sizzling -- or an unintentionally hilarious -- good time will be disappointed by this inexplicably dull sequel.
Basic Instinct 2 isn't bad, exactly, but it lacks the entertaining vulgarity of the first film.
Sharon still maintains she never knew her 'V' was being photographed in the original Basic Instinct. 'I figured the hair and makeup team between my legs was just a perk.'
Spatting one-liners and sucking on cigarettes, the vampy, campy Sharon Stone does Bette Davis proud in this reasonably fun but ultimately empty suspense/thriller. Proceed at your own risk!
Alas, the trashy fun doesn't last. Basic Instinct 2 is trash all the way through, no doubt, but it's not much fun.
Okay, it's awful. But I liked it. Stone "acts" (if you want to call it that) with a campy sneer as Morrissey heroically carries the movie. Rampling is a goddess.
There's nothing erotic or thrilling in this supposed erotic thriller, just a lot of talky filler that leads absolutely nowhere.
Not without a lingering element of guilty pleasure but ultimately just another walk in the park for the mad dame Catherine.
Basic Instinct 2 is something the original never was -- boring...An obvious front-runner for the 2006 Razzies and Stinkers.
Going to go down in history as not only one of the worst sequels of all time, but also one of the worst films of all time. Come video, it may just have an 'Alan Smithee' credit festooned to its title sequence.
The signposts signalling the film's raunchy direction are clear, and Stone (looking fabulously sultry in true Hollywood style) slips in and out of her clothes with disarming fervour ... sequel tries to turn up the heat, but never reaches boiling point.
The 14-year-behind-the-scenes story of making this sequel is far more interesting than anything that's onscreen, including Sharon Stone's nudity and sex in a rooftop jacuzzi.




@highlight

Unable to match the suspense and titilation of its predecessor, Basic Instinct 2 boasts a plot so ludicrous and predictable it borders on "so-bad-it's-good."