The film succeeds, however, because it manages to rise above the controversy surrounding legalized abortion in America and objectively presents what's at stake here for the doctors and women involved.
Engaging and thoughtful, After Tiller's examination of its main subjects forms a documentary that wisely treats its subject with more curiosity than dogma.
More than simply informative (which it most certainly is), After Tiller is a reminder that seeing eye-to-eye is rarely as impossible as we might think.
This documentary portrait of abortion doctors in America, particularly those who perform late-term abortions, looks at those who do important, compassionate work, but isn't as engaging as it should be.
The film goes about its grave task with compassion, basic professionalism, and discretion.
Directors Martha Shane and Lana Wilson in this topical documentary ably tackle in a fair-minded and detailed way the controversial issue of third-trimester abortions.
Rarely is this issue presented so fairly and without the requisite hysteria.
It's a grim story.
A laudably even-handed examination of a highly charged subject.
The story of four women and their attempts to uphold abortion rights in the US makes for compelling, if horrifying viewing.
We can see how they wrestle and it's immeasurably moving because they've given it endless consideration and still put themselves in harm's way.
Its strength lies in its ability to coax out the personalities behind the arguments, and to show us that, at the heart of every such controversy, there are vulnerable human beings.
This is one of the best films I've seen this year. The access to doctors, their staffs, patients and families is very impressive. It has a lot of emotional power and it plays the abortion issue right down the middle.
If After Tiller does not feel grim, despite the overwhelming presence in it of death and mourning, that's perhaps because it is so much a film about intimacy and trust.
You may or may not be convinced, but you will be affected.
"After Tiller" does viewers the great service of providing light where there's usually only heat, giving a human face and heart to what previously might have been an abstract issue or quickly scanned news item.
Moving, thought-provoking documentary.
Wrenching portrait of life and death decisions where even the definition of "life" is emotionally laden for doctors and pregnant women considering abortion.
What makes this well-edited film compelling are the stories of the patients and the agonizing moral quandaries that the doctors express in doing their work.
It's a calm, thoughtful film about an incendiary subject, and it has a clear point of view: to allow these doctors (and some of their patients, who we hear but don't see) to explain why they do what they do.
Any viewer with an interest in this issue, whether pro-life, pro-choice or agnostic, ought to see this heart-piercing report from the front lines.
Simultaneously tough and compassionate, it's a fine addition to the debate.
This wrenching documentary, profiling the four doctors who still provide third-trimester abortions in the U.S., is remarkable for being so level-headed.
This is not a balanced doc -- of the little time given to the anti-abortion movement, most of it is from news footage -- but it is an important look at the lives of those who risk their own lives to perform what they see as a necessary service.
After Tiller movingly dramatizes another side effect of the job: how difficult it can be for the doctors to not internalize the sadness of the women who walk through their doors.
The movie takes a calm and intellectual approach to an inflammatory subject, elevating what could have easily come off as propaganda into a reasoned and thoughtful work of journalism.
Compelling, revealing [its] subjects as sympathetic human beings simply by observing and talking to them about their work and their lives.
A documentary that may infuriate those who find what these doctors do unconscionable, but that provides a rare forum for these dedicated, complex professionals to have their say.
Wrenching yet illuminating. The film reveals the complex circumstances, emotions and practical aspects behind the (third-trimester abortion) procedure.
It's humanizing and heartbreaking.
The film is a welcome exploration of practical and philosophical matters seldom broached across the partisan divide.
After Tiller gives a human and compassionate face to a complex and touchy issue.
After Tiller takes a compassionate look at a highly impassioned situation.
It's an in-the-trenches exploration of bravery.
A surprisingly warm abortion documentary that restores the human element to an irreducibly human dilemma.
No matter which side of the abortion issue you're on, prepare to be emotionally devastated.
Addressing an issue many Americans are uncomfortable with, this informative documentary sheds light and humanity on reproductive rights in this country.
After Tiller's greatest failing is the way in which is fails to engage at length how entrenched the stalemate on abortion is.
"After Tiller" takes the politically divisive, emotionally charged issue of late-term abortions and portrays it with grace, understatement and humanity.
"After Tiller" is groundbreaking in giving voice not only to the doctors, but to those who always seem to get overlooked in the high-volume political debate about this topic: the women themselves.
"Its unflinching portrayal of what can only be called battle fatigue is indelible.
"After Tiller" is impressive because it honestly presents the views of supporters of legal abortion, and is thus a valuable contribution to a public argument that is unlikely to end anytime soon.
Empathetic, intimate look inside late-term abortion clinics that focuses on the experiences of doctors and their patients.
Like the men and women it follows, who do the work that few others dare, 'After Tiller' takes a stand.
After Tiller's...true value comes from going inside these clinics, listening to the stories...and asking viewers to wrestle with the moral and ethical complexities of an issue that absolutists on both sides oversimplify.
After Tiller is an hour and a half of folks on their best behavior, presented as a candid portrait.
Hard-nosed advocacy segues into lefty-evangelizing treacle as a cloying score accompanies a number of dewy scenes better suited to a maudlin Oprah Winfrey special.
The film is warm and scrupulous, like a sunny women's clinic.
It gives a true sense of how the forces of a hypocritically religious country has burdened countless young women with a lifetime of misplaced guilt.
A sensitive and intelligent documentary about the compassion and heroism of four doctors.
A down-to-earth, non-sensational look at the only four doctors in the U.S. who perform third trimester abortions
The directors are smart enough to understand that no matter how strongly you believe in a position, that belief is probably more shaded than a one-word "Yes" or "No."
After Tiller is not an important film just because of its political and cultural relevance, but because of its humane and compassionate approach to telling the stories of these doctors, their work and the women that they seek to help.
"No body wants a fucking abortion" exclaims one of the doctors, and this is at the heart of the tough decisions that are played out every day within each clinic
They're not heroes and they're not demons. After Tiller is an important reminder of the personal stories of doctors and mothers that can get lost in an issue as divisive as abortion.

@highlight

After Tiller applies empathy, honesty, and graceful understatement to a discussion that all too often lacks them all.