Liev Schreiber and Romola Garai struggle to find chemistry in their Mars rover, while Olivia Williams keeps her exasperation at full throttle.
A sci-fi-horror yarn stocked with a winning cast but hobbled by a lamebrained script and dull set pieces.
Old fashioned, straightforward, entertaining sci-fi horror.
From the get-go, Last Days on Mars looks like a film which the parties involved put about half their effort and care into.
Once danger presents itself and the screaming starts, it all becomes a basic space horror film that plucks tropes from the peg and rarely does anything interesting with them.
Our band of estimable actors have to contend with a storm of B-movie dialogue and the remorseless hammer blows of a stock horror plot line.
Consistently solid acting, smart direction and striking imagery cannot overcome a hackneyed storyline that cobbles together stale ideas and scenarios to a fittingly alienating effect.
This sci-fi drama begins promisingly but loses its way in the Martian dust.
Even at 98 minutes, the whole thing lasts way too long.
Solid but derivative space horror ...
An elegantly crafted adventure in classical science-fiction.
You've never seen the red planet looking quite as humdrum as the one in The Last Days on Mars.
This is an intelligent and engaging sci-fi thriller that's well worth checking out. Also, did we mention the space zombies?
Manages to break free from its low-budget limitations but is hamstrung by its own love of the genre.
A sci-fi horror dimmer than the dark side of the moon.
Escapist sci-fi meets horror hybrid...
Nothing here that hasn't been done better before.
Alas, the film quickly loses its offbeat charm and devolves into a routine monster movie.
movies with "Mars" in the title tend to suck
... fairly elemental sci-fier from UK that, during its creepier moments, will remind genre buffs of Hammer's top-drawer Quatermass series.
Appealing as that might sound to the walking-dead obsessed, this modest, low-budget sci-fi thriller is fatally lacking in entertainment value.
Olivia Williams further enforces the theory, as demonstrated in 'The Ghost Writer' and 'Hyde Park On Hudson,' that there's no one right now more electric at playing royally pissed-off.
In the ways that "The Last Days on Mars" is like a horror movies, it's typical, and in the ways it's different, it's mostly flat.
Sports a tremendously impressive cast for such a small, derivative movie.
"The Last Days on Mars" seems like it could deliver ... thought-provoking goods - at least until the plot devolves into Zombies in Outer Space.
[A] low-budget, highly predictable, but well-acted Red Planet thriller ...
The actors (especially the reliable Schreiber and the piercing Williams) acquit themselves quite well, despite being stuck playing living characters possessed of all the depth and complexity of the formerly dead ones.
Doesn't overwhelm in the least, but it retains a certain dependability and a sharp pace, finding some energy to well-worn genre routine.
You'll know where the movie is headed, especially if you've seen "The Thing" or its other gorebears, and no amount of shaky-cam footage or sudden shocks can disguise how increasingly familiar and humdrum "Last Days on Mars" becomes.
The suspense fizzles amid a series of horror-film contrivances and a convenient lack of common sense among its would-be scientist characters.
The acting is convincing across the board, especially Schrieber's, despite being saddled with such dialogue inanities as saying "you're gonna be all right" to a crewmate who is zombifying before his very eyes.
The film's visual construction is spare, drawing power from its locations and quietly matted miniatures, though ultimately it succumbs to powering a series of cheap thrills.
Fails to live up to the awesomeness of its own campy premise.
Although this film presents an interesting cast, they never feel like a crew.
The Last Days on Mars ultimately confirms what science has already spent billions of dollars establishing: There's just no life here.
It really isn't even a bad movie, or a bad movie of its sort. It's just not good enough to really distinguish itself.
Lean, muscular and on the money, The Last Days on Mars takes a familiar story and tells it so tautly that we are pleased to be on board.
Once it turns into a horror movie, "The Last Days on Mars" loses its originality and becomes the usual us-against-them battle between the dead and the undead.
The Last Days on Mars is a movie whose greatest virtues (visual flair, production-value economy) are marred by a dull storyline that is unworthy of feature-length treatment.
A hybrid sci-fi story and horror flick that starts with banality and never recovers.
Had The Last Days on Mars had the sort of artistic ambitions that matched the level of its cast, or if it had fully committed to being a fun, trashy, sci-fi monster movie, it'd be a more interesting watch.
stuck somewhere between playing it straight and indulging in the ridiculousness of outlandish plot developments
Ruairi Robinson's derivative thriller renders even alien zombification as airless as a vacuum-sealed space capsule.
Robinson's go-to style for action sequences is a frenetic whirlwind of quick cuts and random angles that makes Michael Bay look like Michael Powell.
Tight ensemble cast can't quite save this tiresome frightener.
Here's hoping Robinson adds a little more extra to the terrestrial next time around.
A fun retro-style sci-fi/horror hybrid. Like a lost eighties Alien-clone, but in a good way.
The first half plays out by the numbers, with undead astronauts popping open the fragile bubble protecting the crew, but there's some grandeur to the second ...
Zero suspense, unoriginal in the extreme
A murkily derivative sci-fi-horror entry that basically amounts to Red Planet of the Dead.
In space, no one can hear you scream, or in The Last Days On Mars' case, no one can hear you yawn.
Lacking the suspense and grip of flicks like The Thing or even minimalist stranded-in-space cinema like Moon, Last Days is saved from total tedium only by competent first-time director Ruairi Robinson and its stellar cast.
There's that cast, which lends the material a certain amount of gravity...At least, that is, until space zombies start attacking everyone with electric drills.
Like a Syfy Channel movie - but with better acting and more expensive special effects . . .
I had to wonder, could I be watching the next remarkably brainy piece of sci-fi, this year's Moon? But then the first space zombie gutted a concerned colleague with a power drill, and in that moment, I knew exactly what I was in for.
A study of just how to screw up what ought to be an awesome movie.
As the characters amiably shuffle their way through rote zombification, what's missing is a sense of peril on the way to the film's intriguing finale.
Far more sober than that premise suggests, the unapologetically derivative sci-fi outing doesn't have the scripting muscle to deliver on its early promise. But the solid cast keeps it reasonably gripping nonetheless.

@highlight

Neither intelligent enough to work as thought-provoking sci-fi nor trashy enough to provide B-movie thrills, The Last Days on Mars proves as cinematically barren as the titular planet.