Hits all the right notes in comedy, light down to Earth drama, and a resulting tasteful comedy that's worth watching.
A good-natured comedy that isn't particularly interesting or, for that matter, very funny.
...a whole lot better than one might've expected.
my biggest complaint about the film is that it was too soft
It's a bold idea, taking mental handicap as a backdrop for a story about a man's growing up, but this film chickens out as soon as it begins. Nothing is real, nothing is at risk.
Knoxville não é um grande ator, mas o filme é suficientemente divertido (ainda que não engraçado) e tem um bom coração.
Navel-scratching slobs won't enjoy this any more than navel-gazing snobs once they catch a whiff of its overwhelming timidity.
Hilarious comedy with a superb script and strong comic performances - this is undoubtedly the funniest comedy of the year.
Knoxville gives an amazingly risky performance--how many actors would have dared to do this?
With Knoxville in the lead, it's condescending, unoriginal, and boorish.
The Ringer, for all its glaring flaws, pulls the rug out from under us.
It's just so predictable.
Too bad its good intentions only go so far. The compositions are visually flat, and the movie simply isn't very funny
These guys are laugh-out-loud funny, not because they're being belittled, but because they're finally getting a chance to show a sense of humor on-screen.
Considering all of the jackass things [Knoxville's] done on his way to fame, his presence in The Ringer helps the film challenge the idea of what is normal and what is intellectually disabled.
A director and cast who all seem to be in on the joke come as close to success as anyone could have with a premise that's finally just ... unfilmable.
The Ringer plays like the low points in a Farrelly brothers movie; like them, when it gets sincere, it gets messagey and sappy.
So blandly predictable, so shamelessly manipulative, so flatly directed and so unfunny that it's impossible for its good intentions to carry the day.
An uncomfortable intermingling of message movie and gross-out comedy, a sporadically funny vehicle that indicts its audience for laughing. Come on, guys. You can't have your fun and eat it too.
Surprisingly sweet and unexpectedly positive.
The worthwhile bits are few and far between. In the rush to avoid exploiting the athletes, the filmmakers have stuck it to the audience instead. Not funny.
Predictable and unconvincing as romantic comedy, the movie is surprisingly sweet and funny whenever Steve is hanging out with his fellow Special Olympics players.
As in the best Special Olympics events, everyone finds a way to win.
An unexpectedly endearing comedy.
The Ringer is appalling.
The movie is ultimately unclassifiable. It can't be dismissed as a cheap gimmick, nor can it be embraced as an earnest tribute.
You could make a very funny comedy about a guy who pretends to be retarded so he can win the Special Olympics, but The Ringer isn't it.
Though the movie bears some of the Farrellys' trademark outrageous humor, it has a sweet demeanor and makes a noble statement.
The movie dilutes its own outrageous setup with sitcom contrivance by introducing a ridiculous love-story subplot.
The Ringer is often predictable, frequently offensive and occasionally boring, but its heart is in exactly the right place.
The Ringer is too safe, too scaredy-cat to rile up paying customers.
No one will accuse The Ringer of being tasteful, but when you're not laughing, you may find yourself genuinely touched.
If The Ringer doesn't strike comedy gold, it at least manages to score enough points to bring home the bronze.
The Ringer misses endless opportunities to have real fun or make points with the situation.
It turns out challenged folks are just as tired of being perceived as noble innocents as they are of being looked down on as lessers. Here, they get to be as funny as anyone else.
Knoxville's willingness to go to any length to humiliate himself for a laugh actually serves his guilt-ridden character, but the movie's real stars are the Special Olympians, who aren't trying to be inspirational or even likable, just funny.
A paint-by-numbers romantic comedy most notable for its determined inoffensiveness.
The Ringer manages to avoid offending anyone -- the handicapped athletes are a savvy bunch -- but it also fails to provide any semblance of intelligence or wit.
In striving to be fair beyond reproach, this movie misses many chances to be funnier. Good comedy doesn't make that choice, and great comedy doesn't have to.
The problem isn't that it's tasteless--because it's not--but that it's flaccidly paced, overly predictable and burdened with Knoxville's stiff, charmless performance.
Not extreme enough to skate the edge of tasteless farce and not straight enough to play the material for edgy satire, The Ringer is a cheat right down to the final stretch.
"The Ringer" wants to be all things to comedy audiences. It actually pulls this off about half the time.
Nobody gets hurt, it doesn't make sense, and no one has any real fun either.
Do yourself a favor and rent a very campy Radio instead.
More offensive than the poor humor and bad acting...is the cheap arm-twisting created by making this film serve double duty as a promotional piece [for the Special Olympics].
What's next in store for the twisted tandem (The Farrelly Brothers)--psychotic Katrina Hurricane victims that like to surf in sewer water?
a marshmallow script that takes no risks with the material
When The Ringer was over, my world hadn't changed, but there was a smile that remained on my face.
It wants to be outwardly bawdy, but is the furthest thing from it.
...skillfully handles its sensitive subject by turning the tables on its characters.
The real appeal of The Ringer is how this scrappy bunch rallies together like the nerds in Revenge of the Nerds.
You'd think Johnny Knoxville had just about scraped the bottom of his barrel by now.
If Saw 2 became blockbuster with the tagline "Oh yes, there will be blood," The Ringer should use the warmer and fuzzier promise, "Oh yes, there will be hugs."
It's a sweet film that has an 'after school special' feel to it...makes one pine for the days of Dumb & Dumber and Kingpin. Jed Rees steals the film, he's great.
No matter how daring today's comedies think they are, someone has been there before and done it funnier.
The Ringer has a goodhearted base and an underlying theme about the importance of reaching for dreams -- and the Special Olympics has even endorsed the movie for its positive portrayal of the mentally challenged.
The developmentally disabled cast members show considerable charm, especially Edward Barbanell as Steve's roommate, Billy. But a lackluster script and charm-free performances by Knoxville and Cox don't do justice to the Special Olympians.
The positive light that bathes ["The Ringer"] make it a likable little ditty that will entertain all and offend very few, indeed.
A hilarious and resourceful cast of intellectually challenged actors smartens up an otherwise brain-dead comedy produced by the Farrelly brothers.
An uncomfortable, seat-squirming blend of poking fun at the stereotypes associated with people with mental retardation and wagging a finger at those who do.
The Ringer could have been a better movie, but that would have depended more on the screenplay than the cast, which is effective and generates real affection.
Call it small, yes, but it's a special comedy.
Though The Ringer is hardly the Farrellys' best, you'll probably be smiling, too.
Plays it safe, humanizing the real athletes just enough so as not to be offensive, but going just far enough with the offending material as to be entirely unfunny.
A warm, pleasant quality is what distinguishes The Ringer.
The Ringer is caught between a rock and a soft place. The result of being torn between here and there is being stuck nowhere.
The Ringer is a much sweeter comedy than its pedigree suggests. In fact, it's almost the opposite of what we expect.
Not offensive, not funny, not worth your money.
This isn't the Special Olympics, Johnny. You don't get a medal just for playing.
There's something about a movie deft enough to have fun with mental disability, yet still get a stamp of approval from the Special Olympics.
In all its lobbying for our laughter, The Ringer feels too lawyered-up and politically positioned to trigger much laughter at all.
One gets the feeling that the filmmakers were sweating bullets just trying to make this picture work on a fundamental level.
Instead of a raucous comedy with an ultimately positive message, you get a public-relations campaign with a side of slapstick.
The Ringer is astoundingly craptastic not because the handicapped are handled poorly...but because it's one of the most singularly unfunny films ever made.
Other than Howard Stern, who has done more for mentally-challenged actors than the Farrelly brothers?
The bark of The Ringer is far more outrageous than its bite.
This wannabe daring comedy about a man who attempts to 'fix' the Special Olympics strains for that patented naughty and nice balance with squirmingly squishy results.












@highlight

Despite a few laughs and good intentions, The Ringer is too predictable to really score the points it aims for.