The Business of Being Born is Ricki Lake's passionate statement about natural birth and the health lobby's choke-hold over public perception.
Full of surprises, including shocking stats about the high rate of infant mortality in America, prevalence and high cost of Cesarean deliveries and contextual presentation of Ricki Lake's home video of the delivery of her child.
an effective glimpse into the need for personal research, and a solid argument for making informed choices.
Not a lot new about the U.S. obstetrics industry, but despite its faults, its arguments are worth bringing to a new generation of health providers and expectant parents.
This movie really made me realize how cold and impersonal the hospital births really are. If I ever had another kid (first I need to find someone to sleep with me again) I would make my significant other watch this movie.
Important viewing for anyone contemplating a birth plan.
Interviews with the mothers and footage of the birth process combine to offer intimate portraits of women preparing for and experiencing this natural phenomenon that has become increasingly mechanized.
Former talk show host Ricki Lake had her first baby in a hospital and came away with the need for a birth experience that was more empowering, with less medical intervention.
"The Business of Being Born" is messy and amateurish but heartfelt and compelling.
A powerful, frightening look at America's delivery room that makes a strong case for natural childbirth overseen by experienced midwives rather than by surgery-prone doctors.
Contending that America's mothers would be far better off if deliveries were taken out of the hands of obstetricians and hospitals, director/producer Abby Epstein and executive producer Ricki Lake will push buttons, but they won't jab them.
Epstein's film is conveniently short on interviews with the millions of mothers who have had positive experiences delivering in hospitals.
Pregnant women -- and involved dads -- would be well advised to check out this provocative portrait.
[It's] so selective in its presentation of information that it makes Michael Moore look like a fat lady in a blindfold holding a pair of scales.
Director Abby Epstein is clearly biased in favor of home birth, but that doesn't make her case any less square.
Passionate, enlightening and unabashedly one-sided, Abby Epstein's documentary is not for everyone. But at the very least, it should be seen by every pregnant woman in America.
The Business of Being Born is not overtly political. Its feminism is palpable but unspoken.
[Director] Epstein's opinion on the issue is never in doubt and once the attitude of the film is established, it seems to make the same points repeatedly. Fortunately, Epstein herself gets pregnant, and she gets to test her own theories.
No one, male or female, pregnant or childless, who sees The Business of Being Born will ever see the hospital maternity ward as a normal environment again.
As issue docs go, The Business Of Being Born is about as well-put-together and non-aggravating as the genre can get -- which isn't saying much, but it's still a small victory.
I sure left the theatre convinced: It's natural all the way for me. Jeeves, draw me a bath.
It's a serious and well-researched consideration of natural childbearing vs. hospital delivery that explores the larger social conditions and assumptions that shape women's choices.
A supposed investigation into America's attitude toward childbirth, The Business of Being Born quickly turns into a propaganda piece for midwifery before closing on a fortuitously complex note.
A wonderful piece of filmmaking and a top viewing priority for those even entertaining the idea of bringing a new life into the world.
Epstein and Lake have crafted an absorbing, thought-provoking inquiry into what modern birth has become and how to make it better.


@highlight

Epstein's argument in favor of home birthing is certainly biased -- but its biases are so transparent, and so impassioned, that they work in the film's favor.