It was epic action, I will admit, but that doesn't mean that the writers should give up on the rest of the film completely.
Let me be blunt - Ong Bak 2 is an incoherent mess...[Yet is] awesome, stupid, incoherent fun.
A mix of martial arts, which includes Muay Thai, kung fu and Samurai swordplay, that was Jaa's inspiration for making the movie in the first place.
The 'sequel' to Jaa's stunning international debut, Ong-Bak, and his third international outing after the entertaining The Protector, but it contains only a fraction of the previous two's joyful invention.
... the lack of any dramatic center leaves the action, for all its bloody carnage and brutality, emotionally untethered: all spectacle and no character.
We knew Jaa could bust heads; now he's just busting our balls.
Ong Bak 2 is really just an excuse for several jaw-dropping set pieces that show off Jaa's killing skills.
Stretched to nearly two full hours and deploying a seemingly endless array of flashbacks sequences, it becomes almost impossible to follow for more than a few minutes at a time and Jaa's utterly charm-free performance doesn't make things any easier.
You can only get so mad at a movie in which a large crowd cheers and the lone subtitle reads "Hooray." With a period.
Lovely to look at by small degrees, but a mud-spattered mess of a movie overall.
The first thing to know about Ong Bak 2: The Beginning is that there is no story. The second thing to know is that the first thing isn't as much of a bother as it probably should be.
It's an incoherent, would-be martial-arts epic with only a handful of action sequences in its favor.
The action bits make you feel like you've had pure adrenaline pumped into you, but the attention to artistic detail... is like something you'd expect from a Hollywood epic...
Moaning about the overlong, sloppily told story seems petty nitpicking when all I really want to see is Tony Jaa doing what he does best - beating the tar out of people, and we get that in spades in Ong Bak 2.
Jaa, who co-directs, has only one thing in mind: a series of increasingly complex fight scenes in his characteristically wide-ranging style. If movie theaters allowed you to fast-forward past the filler, your life just might be complete.
I could have enjoyed the film if it didn't present itself as some kind of self-important epic, which only makes the ridiculous dialogue and hackneyed plot stand out.
Bears virtually no connection to the original.
Taking co-directorial reins with Panna Rittikrai, Jaa has erected a portentous platform for his high-flying athleticism, bearing none of the freewheeling spirit or humor that made his feature debut a guiltless pleasure.
There isn't much of a plot, although Jaa's fans won't mind a bit. All they want is lots of bloody, muddy action in the Thai jungles, which they get.
Boring and insipid are words I never planned on hearing myself say when describing a Tony Jaa film, but I guess there's a first for everything.
Tony Jaa is a lot of fun to watch, but Ong Bak 2: The Beginning is not only a step back in time -- to 1431 -- but a step back in this martial artist's international film career.
Features a far more soulful and charismatic Jaa immersed in a ceaseless whoosh of extraordinary fight scenes involving everything from pebbles to elephants.
Ong Bak 2, which bears absolutely no relation to the film that preceded it other than a title and a lead actor, is cinematic proof that you can indeed have too much of a good thing.
Features an international star at the top of his particular game right now, delivering continuously impressive vehicles for his gritty, dirty style of martial arts.
A perfect and perfectly goofy B-grade martial-arts picture.
Unfortunately, the movie could use a bit of pachyderm memory, given its habit of flashing back to Tien's childhood with exactly the same footage used in previous flashbacks. Instead of the narrative being deepened, it keeps getting shallowed.
The goal of Ong Bak 2 was to make something bigger and better. They only succeeded with the first half.
Ong Bak 2 is slicker production-wise than the original, and it has so much noisy action that Thai foley artists must have made a fortune inserting thuds and grunts.
The general incomprehensibility is further hampered by poor subtitles and a stoic tone which suggests it's taking itself much too seriously
"Ong Bak 2" is so obviously contrived for the sole purpose of showing off Tony Jaa's martial arts weapons expertise that the film soon wears out its welcome.
Nourished on anemic action sequences full of shaky-cams, rapid-fire editing, and quick cutaways, American audiences are not prepared for Jaa's 20-minute essays on human bodies causing massive trauma.
The fight scenes are kinetic and varied, and pick up a unique flavor from the backdrop of meticulously recreated hillside villages.
Not really a sequel but more a misguided prequelish follow-up...obviously enjoyed a much larger budget than its titular predecessor, but it's nowhere near as much fun.
Ong Bak 2 can't possibly match the novelty and inspired acrobatics of the original, but Tony Jaa gives this new entry enough kick to keep audiences more than satisfied.
Head-thumping nirvana ... By the time a dude in a bird suit starts fighting on top of a moving elephant, it seems like a logical, completely awesome progression.
No, Ong Bak 2 isn't a great movie ... But if you love the pure kinetics of a well-shot martial-arts film, Tony Jaa is the most exciting figure to come along in years.
Not nearly as painful to get through as the Weinsteins' bastardization of Tom Yum Goong but those looking for more of the innovative modern-day action that made the original Ong Bak such a breath of fresh air in a somewhat tired genre might
Don't look for continuity of storyline -- just enjoy the extravagant fight stunts, the restless camera work, and the sluicing rivers of blood and mud. (That's why you're here, right?)
If you've ever stood in front of a mirror and practiced your Bruce Lee "kara-tay" chops, Thailand's Tony Jaa should, de facto, be your hero.
Ong Bak 2 is infused with an urgency and relentlessness that few contemporary action films have.
The movie would work better as a highlight reel.
Like watching a computer game with cheat mode on. For hardcore fans only.
The fights are stunning, the narrative thin and repetitive, the characterisation perfunctorily functional.
Revenge as a dish best served tempura style!
Orphaned prince becomes outlaw warrior in a well-mounted showcase for martial arts superstar Tony Jaa.
Jaa's period 'beatquel' is thick on action but thin on plot. Awesome final fight, though.
Over-directed and under-written trash.
Tony Jaa is a martial arts star. Is he a director? No. The dull plotting and predictable characters in Ong Bak: The Beginning all but overwhelms Jaa doing what he does best, which is fighting.
We're forced to listen to the sound of bones crunching, skulls cracking and throats being slit. Wouldn't it be nicer to hear some show tunes instead? For his next film, Jaa should make Ong-Bak: The Musical.
Overcooked, overproduced, and all the action is swamped with distracting camerawork and gimmicky design.
The pleasingly goofy personality of the first film has hardened dismayingly. This one's all rain, mud, blood and grim jungle duels, the balance tipping firmly towards bone-crunching fisticuffs rather than acrobatic stunt-work.
It's... weird. But then the whole film is. Tony Jaa obviously is. But like Jaa, it's also sporadically, triumphantly, transcendently amazing. Just, be prepared...
Some of the most exhilarating martial arts action to hit screens in recent years. Ong Bak: The Beginning may be little more than a showcase for Jaa's abilities.
Some new moves and old tricks from Tony Jaa, still packing a wallop but in need of a truly knockout narrative. Then again, when have you ever seen two men fighting on top of an elephant?
The camerawork, more so than in Ong-Bak, follows the rigid mechanics of Jaa's battles, so much so that the rhythm of the edit becomes hypnotic, the cartoon thwacks of skin-on-skin acting like a weird music in the final, 20-minute brawl.
Never mind the quality, just savour the adrenaline rush.
FWAP, argh, fwap, argh. That is the sound of Ong Bak.
The energy is intense, the athleticism is wild, the overall effect - pretty monotonous.
'A little less conversation, a little more action' is a maxim many martial arts flicks should follow but here the 'Who? What? Why' part is so ruthlessly chopped away you seriously wonder if there's a reel missing.
Impressive as some of this is, it grows pretty wearisome pretty fast.
This is likely to disappoint fans of the original film, but the impressive fight scenes ensure that it remains watchable.
Appreciate the feature as more of a silent film adventure and it's a blast, furthering the curious career of Tony Jaa, who steps behind the camera to co-direct this often exhilarating but supremely baffling martial arts picture.
...a self-aggrandizing historical epic that somehow proves that you can actually make a movie without a plot.
I still enjoyed watching Ong Bak 2 even if I was a little disappointed in the fight scenes
A perfect example of a sophomore misstep and a powerful argument for action stars to gather more experience before stepping behind the camera.
...the film eventually settles into a groove of tedious training sequences and context-free battles...
Who needs more plot when there's so many exotic kicks to be had?
An effort that handily trumps the first in every respect, Ong-Bak 2 further cements Tony Jaa's status as one of the era's key action stars.


@highlight

It suffers from comparisons to its predecessor -- not to mention Tony Jaa's less-than-nimble direction -- but Ong Bak 2 has all the extravagant violence and playful style that fans of the original will expect.