It's all kept light and funny, but underlying the broad sight gags is a movie that actually has something to say about competition, fathers and sons, machismo and caffeine.
Is this all there is to Ferrell's career? Mediocre comedies, and wasted talent?
Director Jesse Dylan, desperate to avoid yawns, flails madly with staging, editing, slow motion -- any trick he can think of, whether it fits or works or not.
If this footy film was in a league it would be languishing at the bottom of the Vauxhall Conference.
Will Ferrell has become the most unlikely embodiment of wholesome family fun since Fred MacMurray gave up film noir for My Three Sons.
The picture is a little about soccer, a little about parenting, and a lot about laughing. Mike Ditka shows up and delivers a kick-butt performance.
Kicking & Screaming succeeds because it understands its target audience, refraining from playing it too cute or crude. Though predictable, it's well executed.
Mostly useless
Will Ferrell cria um personagem carismático a partir de um roteiro burocrático e, no processo, consegue divertir e levar o espectador a se envolver com a história.
... Kicking & Screaming is not very good.
Kicking and Screaming feels as if it were callously vomited out by a machine, along with a couple of spare parts and some putrid grease.
Robert Duvall is superb (his love of football is well-documented) and seems to really enjoy playing a comic variation of his sports-obsessed father in the classic The Great Santini.
Gets the job done for its core audience of tots%u2014and for no one else.
This isn't the worst setup for a kiddie comedy, but it proves that Ferrell alone can't carry a film.
There are a few broad laughs and Ferrell is everything you would expect him to be - irritating, occasionally amusing and sometimes inspired
Ferrell's a funny guy, that much is true, and his frequent adlibbing is always preferable to the scripted humour he delivers, but he's just not right to lead a film like this.
Sounds bad, doesn't it?
... a rather schizophrenic movie; groaningly familiar around the edges but with a pair of frighteningly unpredictable monsters at the centre.
Iron Mike is phenomenal! Kicking and Screaming is not.
...a formulaic Bad News Bears rip-off that at least features some good-natured charm to compensate for its flat script and cartoonish tendencies.
The most amazing thing about Will Ferrell is that he can make absolutely nothing funny.
There's nothing remotely original in this goofy kids' sports movie, but at least the script adds a refreshingly funny zing.
Come for the Ferrell psychoanalysis, stay for the Ditka.
Plenty of chuckles and charm to keep the ball rolling.
Ferrell's a gamer who does what he can, but he has little support.
... Works to the extent that it does only because of Ferrell.
There's nothing very new here as far as plot and characters, but the charm is in the way they're presented.
...utterly and almost painfully routine.
It's a good way to waste a couple of hours.
It's only the 20 priceless minutes near the end -- when Ferrell breaks out of the wimpy-dad routine and outruns director and writers to gloriously over-the-top heights -- that elevate this film from dreadful to mediocre.
... as entertaining as watching your neighbor's kid's soccer game, not because you want to, but because you have to.
... barely watchable.
Dylan has to rely on Ferrell's manic energy to keep Kicking & Screaming a step ahead of Ladybugs in the youth soccer movie pantheon.
A zero, but the title describes how the audience is likely to react, perfectly.
Enjoyment depends entirely on your level of admiration for Ferrell's comic persona, the manic zeal that drove 'Anchorman' and 'Elf' to occasionally inspired heights of lunacy
If Farrell's caffeine-crazed commands to his team net a few laughs, the PG rating guarantees a sugar-coated ending at the whistle.
...the movie feels like a poor man's updated Bad News Bears...an uneventful state of mind soaked in absolute mediocrity.
As always, Will Ferrell earns laughs through his total commitment to the material.
There's too little connection to care if these caricatures transcend underdog status.
Unfortunately, the film delivers exactly what it promises.
An immensely likable if somewhat toothless family film in which even the notorious Mike Ditka comes across as a stuffed panda bear.
There are some who will call this movie horrible. I will not disagree with them. And there are some who will call it hilarious. Again, I will not disagree.
There's just nobody funnier than Will Ferrell.
Does for soccer what the Royals do for baseball.
A formulaic sports movie, "Kicking and Screaming" won't have fans cheering in the aisles.
relies too much on Farrell's shtick and the "ooohh, cute kids" factor, so it doesn't even try in the script department. Insert sports cliche here. Insert sight gag there.
Prévisible, facile et absolument pas réaliste, le film offre néanmoins beaucoup de rires et un certain charme.
A Will Ferrell cinematic playground. Sit back and enjoy.
They had to pull me kicking and screaming INTO the theater.
Kids-and-sports films are usually a hit-and-miss, but here the combination is funny, irreverent and, thankfully, not condescending.
The title actually describes the jock-ular bad behavior of the fathers, not the kids.
Like air conditioning, it may be recycled, but it's still cool and, in its way, refreshing.
As boring and repetitive as the sport of soccer itself.
With Will Ferrell infusing his comic brilliance into the proceedings, at least you know you won't be dragged out of the theater Kicking & Screaming.
Ferrellman doesn't so much adjust to the adult world around him as he makes it bend to his stubborn, outrageous will.
It's just subversive enough to keep the adults chuckling, and the kids, well, they'll just love the darn thing.
Ferrell scores a few goals, but could use a few assists.
Kicking & Screaming seems to be exactly what you'd expect - a Bad News Bears with soccer moms.
A by-the-numbers mixture of slapstick and sentiment that not only invites the comic to indulge his worst instincts but totally depends on them.
Relatively harmless fun, although it does make you wish Ferrell would do more risky, rule-bending work.
It's not quite as good as Elf but it has enough laughs for kids and for adults -- not always the same ones -- to make it a pleasant enough 95 minutes...
Kicking & Screaming is a worthwhile family film in a season full of Sin. But this one scores on an error.
Ferrell is one of the film's few bright lights. It's a shame to hide that subversive beacon under a bushel of dully inspirational sports movie cliches.
As lazy, bloated and TV-screen- friendly as shameless promos come.
Trapped inside the seemingly harmless veneer of a PG-rated kid's movie lies a mischievous little devil of a film...
Even by the low standards of formulaic sports comedies, this one comes up short.
If you're into Will Ferrell.
It just plods along, harmless but lifeless, going exactly where you think it's going.
Sit in a room by yourself, look at a blank screen for 90 minutes, and you'll have more of a chance of laughing at your own thoughts than you will at this movie.
Dylan ... favors loud sound, loud images, loud everything -- only the laughs are muted.
As Phil starts to lose it, Ferrell commandeers the movie.
The problem is that in turning Phil into a win-at-all-costs coach, they rob the movie of much of its humor.
Ferrell polishes his screen image as an oversized, oversensitive man-boy out of place in the adult world, and Duvall does a low-comedy, geriatric variation of his Great Santini character.
Stop me if you've heard this before.
Silly, mindless and derivative, but Duvall brings some bite to the proceedings and Ferrell is dependably amusing.
Both Duvall and Mike Ditka, who plays himself and helps coach Phil's team, spend too much of the movie on the bench, and while they're there, the jokes run thin.
Even a soccer-savvy audience has better things to do -- like instilling unsportsmanlike behavior in their kids or sabotaging rival teams.
Presents an almost human side of Will Ferrell. And you know what? He's funnier than ever playing a regular guy. Or, at least, trying to.
Tired rehash of every bad kiddie-sports movie ever made.
It's not pleasant watching Ferrell try so hard for the kind of laughs that have come so easily to him in the past.
Most of the time, [the kids] go along. Most of the time we do, too.
There are some funny moments, mostly with the kids, but a lot of this comedy falls as flat as a deflated soccer ball.
A limping string of laboured sight gags and sentimental clichés.
The sound of Will Ferrell on autopilot.
With a formula film, you have to have just the right ingredients to make it work. In the case of Kicking & Screaming, that's Will Ferrell.
Doesn't quite deliver the comedy goods, but it plays well in spurts and, thanks to Ferrell, remains slightly off-kilter.
The sort of almost-there family movie for which half-stars exist in ratings.
[Ferrell's] humor is cut off at the knees by sloppy editing, a tedious pace and an underwhelming payoff.
Rather shakily directed by Jesse (son of Bob) Dylan, who possibly knows something about larger-than-life fathers.
Once Phil's repressed indignities emerge as a caffeine-fueled rage that makes Ditka tremble, Kicking & Screaming shoves Ferrell into the wacky-land where he excels.
An embarrassment of a movie that shows how deliriously unfunny the former Saturday Night Live star can be with sub-par material.
Kicking & Screaming has an idea, and little more. Well, an idea and Will Ferrell's slavish comedic devotion. And these days... that's apparently all you need.
[I]neffectual loser manchild Ferrell is up to his usual schtick here, and no 'joke' is too inevitable or obvious.
It plays to Ferrell's strengths: his Everyman normality, as well as his gift for silly, merry lunacy.
It's Will Ferrell yelling at little kids! What could go wrong?
Kicking & Screaming will keep Ferrell's fans in line and probably families in even longer ones.
a mostly flat-footed comedy (that) also incorporates liberal doses of the slapsticky-sentimental hogwash that was once Jerry Lewis' calling card.
This is no Bend It Like Burgundy.
The kind of movie that makes you wonder why anyone would even bother making it in the first place.
Duvall, not to mention Ditka, does not a comedy make.
A good script is the most essential ingredient for a good movie. Hiring a comedian isn't enough.
It never quite takes off.
Kicking & Screaming may be the official end to the Will Ferrell Rolling Thunder of Funny Tour.
The movie has some laughs while you are watching it, but it's not a film that wears very well. The more you think about it; the stupider it becomes.
Kicking & Screaming delivers what it promises, but it's time to promise something better.
If anyone tries to get you to go to Kicking & Screaming, do just that.
Something happens halfway through the movie: star Will Ferrell cuts loose...Suddenly, we're in a cauldron of blood and coffee and Gatorade.
An entertaining family movie, and may serve a useful purpose if it inspires kids to overthrow their coaches and take over their own sports.
There's few revelations, but it's pleasantly handled and swiftly executed. Kids will love it, and there's enough laughs to sustain their parents.
Ferrell's shtick is his imperishable innocence.
Crushingly inept family comedy.
Ferrell's ideally suited to man-boy characters, and that's what Phil Weston is.
A so-so family sports comedy that aims a weak satirical kick at the divided soul of the American middle-class dad, as personified by Will Ferrell.
Will Ferrell is always entertaining, even in lesser roles like this one. Painless to sit through once, but offers nothing of value to be worth ever seeing again.
Some scenes are just silly, others are dead-on uproarious.
Kicking & Screaming is yet another low-budget, high-concept vehicle for Will Ferrell to say and do dumb stuff, throw hissy-fits, get punched in the face, and find redemption (as both a dad and a son).
Kicking and Screaming is hardly original, but it delivers what's to be expected - some typical Ferrell shtick, a bit of family-oriented common sense and an object lesson in how not to coach a kids' team.
As the coffee-fueled Phil lurches further and further over the edge of soccer coach impropriety, you can sense Ferrell struggling to break through the lame script
An immensely likable, funny comedy that finds a novel approach to that familiar combo of kids and sports.
A likable but labored situation comedy skewed heavily toward the situation.
Kicking & Screaming gives us Ferrell in top form. As the mentor to a squad of hapless 10-year-olds, he's the least mature person on the field.
Kicking & Screaming is barely worth the effort it takes to think of synonyms for 'bad.'
Kicking and Screaming manages the difficult job of being a family comedy that will appeal equally to children and their elders.
Ferrell fiddles with different kinds of jokes as if he were trying on shoes.
Ferrell sticks with it, kicking and screaming indeed, distracting us with his good-natured mugging until enough 'it's-not-about-winning' lessons to fill a sequel are pounded home.
Just watching Ferrell pull faces (for lack of a better term) is hilarious.
...you may not get more than you thought, but it delivers exactly what you think it will.
What could have been a third-rate knockoff of The Bad News Bears instead emerges as just about its equal.
Most agonizing is the sting of watching Ferrell, after (his) witty performances in Elf and Melinda & Melinda, revert to the same old one-note, dim-bulb clowning.
Thank God for coffee, which provides the only caffeinated jolt to the otherwise deflated Kicking and Screaming.
Laughs-wise, it lacks the raucous edge of an Old School or Anchorman or the retro charm of an Elf, but there's still plenty of Will-power to fuel this likable underdog trifle.
Ferrell doesn't just save this junk -- he rules it.
Ferrell's unique delivery keeps sagging jokes afloat.
Comedy is not stupid, and stupid is not funny. This is not a funny movie; it's a stupid movie.
Even the intermittent laughs undermine Kicking and its winning-isn't-everything message. According to the plot, competition makes Phil insufferable. According to Ferrell's performance, it makes him hilarious.
Will Ferrell is one funny guy.
Pure Hollywood formula, but Ferrell is as funny as ever.



@highlight

The script is mediocre and fails to give Ferrell a proper comedic showcase.