The American is in fact a double-stunner - a retro-ish Euro-espionage thriller that's written, acted and directed as if it were still 1974.
A lethargic work that breaks out intermittently into action and suspense, an American movie for people who don't like American movies.
The American doesn't set out to be anything other than a twisty, deliberate film that relies on suspense and paranoia more than car chases and gunplay. The problem is that even on its own artsy terms, the film falls apart long before the end.
A lush canvas of verdant riverbanks and dim, foreboding streets at night. The anxious stillness gets under your skin.
Outstanding cinematography and score and excellent acting make for a remarkable movie. The American is a must-see.
That the film through these slow, poetic paces remains engrossing, engaging, and ultimately oddly affecting is a testament to Clooney's terrific performance.
George Clooney delivers a strong but subdued performance in this slow-paced character study.
The filmmakers seem to have forgotten that it takes more than a brooding assassin to engage the audience for the full runtime of the film. Moreover, if that character isn't involved in an interesting narrative, they'll have even less reason to care.
It may not be the fast-paced assassin thriller you might expect, but it benefits more from that than anything else.
When the story is threadbare and the picture lacks dynamism, all that's left is the character study but Corbijn's technique frustrates any attempt to truly get under Jack's skin. Consequently The American is often as non-descript as its title.
An arty Euro thriller that favours style over excitement and character over plot.
suggests that we've lost everything but our desire to be better--and in the end, it lets us decide whether that's good enough.
If you want to see a carefully paced, well-designed and beautifully shot suspense-thriller that hits all of its marks, then you could do far worse than The American.
... for audiences that prefer to be absorbed by films rather than exhausted by them, The American offers a rare experience.
The camera loves Clooney, of course, but it also loves watching him building a custom rifle in his shop...
For all of its precise direction and beautiful imagery, it's a classic genre picture, and a damn good one at that...
Listless Euro-ennui pastiche
While it feels like nothing much is happening, there's a lot going on under the surface, and a real sense of growing suspense.
There's a lot to value, even if it drinks a little too deeply from the well of stock Euro-assassin-movie characters and situations.
Sparse, tense, beautiful... and strangely empty. The dialogue, plot and characterisation are nowhere near as deep or profound as the filmmakers seem to think they are.
A muted thriller, weighed a little too obviously with existential angst. Still, sexy and tense, with a brave, bare performance from Clooney.
Partway between icy existentialism and retro romantic thriller, The American wants to have its cake and eat it.
It purrs evenly, like the engine of a luxury automobile, with a cool, sleek satisfaction at how stylish it is. That said, it is pretty stylish...
As with watching the equally compact, detached Cary Grant, it's a great pleasure just to see the stone-faced Clooney going about his work exuding mystery and inner torment...
At its best, the film's silence and unrevealing mood of observation remind you of 'The Passenger' or Paulo Sorrentino's 'Consequences of Love'...
The greatest singular joy of The American is the fact that it's less complicated than Clooney's 2007 thriller Michael Clayton and we're never sure if George is going to explode into life.
The story is startlingly clichéd yet told in a pretentious and ponderous art-house style that suggests the filmmakers thought they were making something meaningful.
You've heard of action movies. The American is an inaction movie...
The American ditches both action and thrills for moody introspection and glacial pacing, rounded off with pretentious existential posturing.
One of the most annoying things about the film is its smugness.
Corbijn does inert tableaux icy with enigma. Aerial shots of ribbony roads; overlapping facial close-ups Bergmanesque with portent.
Haunting and insistent, The American is one of the best films of the year.
The American is always coolly watchable, but the suspicion remains that there's rather less here than meets the eye.
A hit.
The American is not a film which explains everything. That's half the beauty of it.
Anton Corbijn's follow-up to Control is beautifully shot and features a terrific performance by George Clooney but the predictable script doesn't add anything new to an overly familiar story.
In terms of tone, character and fatalism, an American rendition of Jean-Pierre Melville's seminal existential Euro-noirs.
A pretty standard thriller framework, but one that Corbijn and Clooney infuse with mood and atmosphere, eliciting satisfying results.
Effectively an old samurai movie crossed with a Visit Italy brochure.
Emprega uma premissa de thriller para realizar um instigante estudo de personagem.
full review at Movies for the Masses
The American is a character piece, and in this it succeeds terrifically.
Those destined to fall under the selective spell of The American will walk away thinking they have seen one of the better releases of 2010. I am inclined to side with that view.
In this astonishingly beautiful piece of cinema art, George Clooney plays a steely and introspective assassin hiding out in Italy, awaiting orders and contemplating his past deeds.
The American is a character study, and an old fashioned one - it is committed to a kind of existential exploration that seems decidedly out of whack in a digital age that suggests we can be who ever we want to be and damn the consequences.
When you slow the pace of a thriller down to a slow crawl you'd better make sure all the air bubbles of implausibility have been squeezed out of your story, otherwise the audience is going to have too much time to pick at all the holes in the plot.
The American is intelligent and well-crafted cinema that transcends its generic limitations through [director Anton] Corbijn's command of film style.
The 'lonely assassin who falls in love' is too familiar a story to be interesting in its own right, and somewhere along the line Corbijn, Clooney, and writer Rowan Joffe forgot to imbue Jack with enough of intensity and conflict to keep the story flowing.
It deserves credit for its style but the holes in the screenplay were too hard for me to ignore.
George Clooney effectively portrays a man living in purgatory in the quiet thriller The American.
The American is everything Americans are supposedly not. Instead of brash and loud, this film is quiet and subdued.
Those expecting rollicking thrills may be disappointed but this succeeds as a finely acted slow-burning espionage film.
In its best moments the film plays like a lucid nightmare, with Clooney trapped in a picturesque purgatory.
Corbijn's bold stab at reviving the minimalism and mystery of '70s cinema has its strengths but ultimately overreaches itself.
A beguiling but only partly satisfying achievement for the "less is more" art house crowd.
Excuisitely shot, with every frame impeccably composed, The American is essentially a European art-house film.
In the end, it's suspense that wins out. The film has a Hitchcockian flavor, which will delight those fans. Very cool, indeed.
Corbijn extracts from Rowan Joffe?s screenplay a pensive mood of impending dread, but it can be a bit aggravating waiting for the hammer to fall.
It is as though Corbijn has gone straight from Control to The Limits Of Control (2009).... this is a quiet American, marked not by spectacular set-pieces but rather understated performances, a restrained pace, and all the melancholy of alienation.
...a bit of a step back from Corbijn's last movie, the well-reviewed and little-seen Control
If Terrence Malick were to put his gloss on Jason Bourne, the result might be something like The American, a visually compelling thriller from director Anton Corbijn.
Those expecting 'The American' to be an 'action' thriller may be in for a disappointment.
George Clooney stars in "The American," a foreign art-house film.
This movie is so serious about its pretensions that none of it makes any sense.
Artfully conceived, existential, Euro-style thriller has everything except thrills
We can see where it's going in advance, but Anton Corbijn and George Clooney's spare character study of a solitary hit man hiding out in an Italian village at least has the courage of its stripped-down convictions.
We spend an entire film never finding out who [Clooney] really is or why people are trying to kill him. In the end we have seen something happen, but we are not sure exactly what.
a moody, melancholy work of not so much action thrills but introspection - great in a novel, difficult to manage in the screen thriller. Worse, the story simply doesn't make sense - especially the ending
An assassin, a priest and a prostitute play pivotal roles in this gripping thriller where labels are paradoxical and nothing is black or white
An American movie star, an Italian leading lady, a Dutch director and a British screenwriter pool their talents for for the best-crafted American film of the year.
Portrait of a Killer at the Crossroads.
I loved this movie. I loved it for giving the finger to what so many American thrillers have become. Instead of coming off an assembly line, here is a thriller that's fresh and different, focused and smart. It has a European sensibility.
What makes it work as a thriller is not what it shows, but what it leaves out.
If "The American" isn't a masterpiece, it's still a cool, minimalist thriller that features gorgeous camera work by Corbijn and a strong, understated performance by Clooney.
The title of George Clooney's latest would suggest that here's a film reminiscent of Mom and apple pie. In truth, the picture has more in common with Padre and panna cotta.
A quiet, contemplative, old-fashioned melodrama -- and a highly engrossing one, too, if you can resist the urge to want it to be something else.
Too muted and pensive to work as a thriller, too withdrawn to be a character study, and too cold to evoke any sympathy, the film is instead a dull and alienating exercise in how to take a strong actor and interesting premise and mostly waste them.
It feels like a character study of an enigma that cannot be truly understood or solved. And that's an admirable quality -- one that makes The American compelling.
Corbijn allows the film to crawl, preferring the stillness over a more rushed Bourne-esque action travelogue.
slow, methodical, and riveting
An Effective Thriller or a Chance for Clooney to Hang in Lake Como? Go with the Former.
George hits a new low in this dull, depressing movie
Of the most visually thrilling escapist yarns ever made. Italian golden age cinema takes on a gun fetish.
A textbook thriller...The excitement of the movie comes from its technical polish.
No pace, minimal combat, no character development, barely any score and worst of all, nothing to care about.
Women are necessary in The American, like the Italian landscapes and winding stone stairways.
(VIDEO)...one of the most sophisticated thrillers you will ever see.
Silence is golden. Actually, in this case silence is silver, just like Clooney's salt and pepper hair.
no matter how pretty it looks, it provides little reason to care about what happens while you're looking at it.
For those willing to accept a slower pace, even if the resulting film is not exactly contemplative, The American could be a pleasurable experience.
I can't say that I was bored in The American, nor that the film is a waste of time. It was interesting enough, and it kept my attention.
Those who believe they'd be happy watching George Clooney do nothing for two hours can now test that theory.
While cinema-lovers can cheer a director willing to buck the fashion for sensory overload, The American can't rightly be called a success.
The good news, though, is that eventually The American does get to where it wants to be, and becomes a rather improbably but genuinely moving story.
I enjoyed, and am recommending The American as a victory of style over substance.
If you're expecting a star-propelled thriller with the usual bob, weave and one-two punch, this isn't your ticket.
It's a spare, somber, visually captivating study in stillness but not emotionally involving.
This slow-moving drama, starring George Clooney, continuously builds tension like a smoking volcano waiting to erupt, but when the expected does occur, it is not only anticipated, but a letdown.
The precision of the shots, which suggests a methodical approach to filmmaking, mirrors the painstaking professionalism that defines the lead character.
Early on, the priest explains to Jack, 'You have the hands of a craftsman, not an artist.' The American is the product of such hands as well: lovely in execution, if somewhat wanting in inspiration.
If it's half-baked Italian modernism you're after, you've come to the right place.
I found myself more interested in the beautiful cinematography than the story line. The American is extremely slow for the first two acts but does deliver in the finale.
A slumberous, glacially paced bore -- with George Clooney on the poster
Even on its own artsy terms, the film falls apart long before the end.
...a movie with more questions than answers, and which requires viewers to think and observe, not just sit back and enjoy the hot guns and hotter women.
Unconventionally slow-paced, low on palpable thrills and often dull despite its brilliant, exquisite cinematography. It ultimately suffers from excessive style over substance.
It manages to make you suspicious and pay attention to all the details in the scene. The filmmakers earn our trust so that whatever surprises they spring on us are awesome.
Meet Jack, James Bond's boring big screen cousin. Jack wears Eddie Bauer fleeces, has a pay phone instead of high-tech gadgets, and actually has to pay for sex. He makes assassin work look more boring than an H&R Block gig on April 16.
It's like ordering a hamburger and getting escargot. Which is OK if you like snail, but it's an acquired taste.
This is Serious Clooney, starring in a deliberative film that could have sprung from mid-'60s France or Italy.
It does succeed in sustaining a mix of moods (action and idyllic) that is a little different.
The dread in the film is so quickly forgotten. What remains is an urge to fly to Italy, rent an apartment in a medieval city and invent your own adventure.
Anyone who understands what The American offers should come away pleased with the final product.
It's a soufflé helplessly set out in the middle of a KenTacoHut stampede, and I suspect it will pay dearly for that at the box office.
Mr. Clooney's performance as Jack -- a last name would have made him less existential -- keeps you attentive, and the drama's seriousness finally earns your respect.
...slow and marred by a trailer that shows the climax, gazing at Violante Placido's amply displayed body is not a horrible way to spend a couple of hours.
While it is better than the awful "Bangkok Dangerous," starring Nicholas Cage, there are a lot of similarities between the two films.
Clooney ... shucks off his movie-star charm and lets us see something quite different: an unsmiling man with a set jaw, an unblinking stillness and an air of quiet mystery.
personal, complexly drawn, and written with more eye than ear
Taut, mature drama examines the life of a lone assassin.
The American is George Clooney's Eat Pray Love. I couldn't swallow Julia's self-indulgent spree and the same goes for Clooney's.
[It] has a cold, compelling focus. And -- like its hero -- when it does finally pull the trigger, it soundly hits the bull's eye.
Still, The American is remote to a fault. Like Jack (George Clooney), it seems in danger of turning to stone.
George Clooney produced and stars in this international spy thriller, which he probably thought of as existential but which registers onscreen as a giant bore.
At some point in their careers, most male actors want to play (a) Hamlet, and (b) a hit man. I hope that Clooney has gotten "b" out of his system.
The American is a spare, tightly-wound thriller that is less the story of a man who kills for a living, than what that life has extracted from his soul.
You know a movie is slow when the only excitement and the most action is found in an out-of-place and overly long sex scene.
No shaky cam! No logic-defying stunts! But The American also lacks a pulse.
Stands as a deliberate throwdown to modern shakey-cam thrillers: reflective, steadily paced, and as moody and arty and Euro-sexed as a movie with homemade silencers and exploding bullets can be.
This sophisticated low-key drama has all the trappings of a foreign art house film. The languid pacing of this time waster should prove to be an instant cure for insomnia. The visual eye candy doesn't compensate for a disjointed story where...
These are not people that I thought about once I left the theater.
"The American" is minimalist movie-making at its best.
Those small pieces may seem slight, but they add up to a satisfying whole.
Anton Corbijn made a Western, and he damn sure wants you to know it.
If you're willing to let go of your Hollywood-bred expectations for a movie of this type, The American is a great pleasure to watch, an astringent antidote to the loud, frantic action movies that have been clogging our veins all summer.
If watching Clooney rub his brow a lot -- and sit around in gorgeously silhouetted moments while glaring at the harsh, rugged, friendless Italian rustic scenery -- sounds appealing, then you're probably on the same wavelength as director Anton Corbijn.
Clooney further solidifies himself as the modern cinematic model of the disillusioned American male
Gripping and challenging character study that's filmed as a Euro-thriller.
Clooney's still on his anti-American kick, sentimentalizing the corruption that appeals to cynical film critics who fall for his forced, noxious "charm."
Takes itself very seriously, even though the story is filled with the same Bond-acious vixens and prostitutes with hearts of gold as any clichéd spy film.
The American is ostensibly a thriller, but in a quiet mold far removed from the jittery live-wires of Bourne or Bond.
Even Clooney can't give this bore a heartbeat.
George Clooney's charisma and powerful screen presence have never been more integral to a film, nor used in a more futile effort
There are going to be two distinct and unbudgeable camps when it comes to The American.
A bold film that covers fresh ground and impresses with George Clooney's bravura performance and the rich moral material explored in the story.
You may find yourself momentarily spellbound by Anton Corbijn's gorgeous film, but ultimately unfulfilled.
You've heard of "Jason Bourne." Here's "Jason Boring."
I enjoyed this picture quite a bit. The mood is spot-on right from the start and I found myself very intrigued by Jack, curious to discover his methods and interested in knowing if he would be able to escape his past.
It's difficult not to want Corbijn's mournful seriousness to ease up a bit. But The American is nevertheless transfixing in its weary, muted grace.
The American's muted pleasures rest heavily on the sustained air of mystery around Clooney, and Corbijn, a pristine stylist, keeps the atmosphere nice and thick.
Clooney may not have a hit this time, but he continues to apply considerable intelligence to his work as an actor, still trying to deliver something fresh and interesting for his fans.
What redeems the movie, and then some, is the soulful weariness of Clooney's performance.
Clooney and Corbijn are so busy painting the inner portraits and admiring the Abruzzo landscape that they forget to flesh out the plotpoints. It's not a fatal approach, just a flawed one.
"I know The American is not just a Clooney vanity project, but it sure has the trappings. There are seemingly endless shots of Clooney. And there are several shots of the back of George's head, which emotes as much as his face.
Jack works out. Jack puts together a rifle as if he were making a YouTube instructional video. Though Clooney broods beautifully, we'd like a story, too. But this Amer-I-can can't.
It's gorgeous to look at, sure, but that sort of thing is a given when you're in the Italian countryside, surrounded by beautiful Italian women, and your director is a professional photographer.
The American is not an action movie in the conventional sense. It is perhaps more accurately described as an art house film with guns.
A piece that feels more like foreign films of the 1960s and 1970s than what viewers would expect from an Oscar winner in 2010. No wonder it's getting buried. It's too good.
Anton Corbijn is clearly more interested in mood, atmosphere and visual storytelling than in the plot.
Offering more angst than action, it creates a mood of overwhelming depression that's all too likely to engulf the audience as well as the protagonist.
Much like the town that hides Jack, "The American" is a beautiful relic, an honorable homage to films of the past.
The more CGI and Real-D 3D and shaky cams have taken over modern action filmmaking, the more I have craved a solid, low-key suspense film like this one. (Parental Review also Available)
The film becomes an interesting statement about our recent government's involvement in global affairs and an intimately tense tale of a man capable of more than just the violence he causes.
So threadbare, trite and predictable that not the star's formidable charisma nor the considerable talent of director Anton Corbijn can come close to erasing its deficiencies.
There's a difference between ambiguity and lack of detail, and Joffe and Corbijn don't seem to know what it is.
The American is never less than gorgeous. And the oblique approach it takes to what is a fairly standard plot creates a mood of suspense quickened by the accelerated heartbeat of Herbert Grönemeyer's unobtrusive music.
Clooney turns in an intense performance that owes little to his usual roguish charm.
Anton Corbijn's The American looks and feels like a movie made by a filmmaker who hasn't been to the movies since the '70s -- and I mean that as the highest compliment.
I enjoyed the film for its surfaces most of the way. Its pictorial assurance is undeniable. So is its destiny as an audience-divider.
A pretentious Euro-snore that should occasion a fraud prosecution for any marketer who calls it a thriller -- and which stars an actor who seems to wish his name were Jorg Clooné.
Corbijn makes the familiar strange, focusing on details other filmmakers would gloss over.
It aspires to the languid tension of, say, Jean-Pierre Melville's Le Samourai, but it's not quite up to that caliber or resonance.
It does for hit men what Up in the Air did for frequent-flying corporate terminators, minus the comic tang.
Surely the dreariest thriller of the year.
The film's many pleasures are in its slow reveals, the dangerously enchanting scenery being among them. There is much of Roman Polanski's cold eye for beauty in Corbijn's work.
The American, a movie as coiled as a snake and as still as a sleepy villa, is the rare grownup thriller that knows the link between peace and danger and the tension that comes from both.
The problem lies with director Anton Corbijn, who has no feel for the material.
The American strains so hard to be European -- a slower, more intellectual cloak-and-dagger melodrama -- that it winds up feeling Canadian: more bloodless and chilly than thrilling.
While Corbijn attempts to humanize his espionage thriller, genre expectations too often disarm what could have been hair-trigger drama.
Clooney plays the enigmatic title character with mature confidence.
The film from Dutch director Anton Corbijn is as meticulous, enigmatic, and restrained as its protagonist.
The beautiful Italian scenery is almost worth the price of admission by itself.
Given the paucity of serious adult moviemaking that shows up in American megaplexes, it's almost ungrateful to turn up your nose when one arrives. But this isn't that serious a movie.
Movie allusions ultimately do Corbijn in ... he breaks the unwritten rule never to show a scene from a movie that's better than yours.
Here is a gripping film with the focus of a Japanese drama, an impenetrable character to equal Alain Delon's in Le Samourai, by Jean-Pierre Melville.
With Clooney it's an interesting project. Without him, it would simply be boring.
Crisp, compact and cryptic, The American is a standard-issue hit-man thriller tailor made for George Clooney.
It takes you back to an era of arty, angst-ridden European existential pulp movies that were like abstract essays on the genre.
The American ends the summer not with a bang but an existential whimper.
While many of its elements whet our appetite and make the film well worth seeing, The American doesn't manage to deliver a fully satisfying meal.
It's a powerful, tiny tale whose whole story could dance on the head of a pin... but whose soul lingers and grabs and demands.
It's like being given a connect-the-dots puzzle, only to find out it contains just four dots.
The flashy visuals tend to say a lot more than the story itself.
A film that speaks so softly it ends up saying nothing at all.
Paris Hilton puts more effort and thought into her alibis.
The journey taken by Jack/Edward as he walks among the stucco buildings, curving stairways, mountainous slopes and ancient architecture is meditative and dreamlike, an elegiac wanderlust.
Post-traumatic hitman disorder afflicting an existential assassin slacker doing down time in Italy without a Mafia in sight, and the standard male screen fantasy of reciprocal hooker romance as high price tag stranger sex blossoms. Eat, Slay, Love.
Our heads may want justice but in our hearts we can understand the dream of breaking away.
Audiences expecting a conventional Hollywood spy thriller will no doubt be disappointed to find out they've stumbled into an art-house film, but those seeking relief from the bombast of the summer movie season will be pleasantly surprised.
Deliberately European in style and feel, the film makes captivating use of [George] Clooney's talent and charisma, basking in his chemistry with just about anyone on screen.
This quiet, cliched and overtly symbolic story of a hit man trying to get out of the business...gives Corbijn all kinds of opportunities to compose beautiful pictures...but the story is so shopworn there is absolute certainty in where it is all going.
Despite its director's disinterest in letting people in, there is nevertheless something exciting about a movie this uncompromised, in which the big change from the book to the screen actually toughens up the story instead of watering it down.
With so much faith in understatement, it's like a short story extended to novel length--a bit low cal in the meat of the piece.
What did George Clooney see in this script?
Anton Corbijn's plodding attempt at a '60s Euro-thriller makes for a scenic travelogue but offers little in the way of drama or intrigue.
A life of coldblooded murder tends to be bad for the soul? Who knew?
The American is like a paperweight sitting on your head for two hours.
A suspenseful, well-crafted ride. Clooney is excellent, evoking Eastwood and McQueen with a tense singularity of purpose.
Gorgeously shot with plenty of beautiful scenery to gush over, but mostly dull and disjointed, more "boredom-inducing" than Bourne.
... an exercise in sustained tension... a somber, solemn little film... well worth your time this weekend.
...cleverly, disconcertingly hushed.
A "one last job" effort with a conflicted protagonist, a bevy of smoldering Euro actresses suffering from an allergic reaction to clothes, and a few flashes of violence to crack the meditative veneer.
In Corbijn's minimalist, uneventful art thriller, basically a Western in disguise, George Clooney challenges himself--and the audience--with his quietest, stillest, most internalized part to date as solitary gunslinger seeking redemption in seclusion.
Character study with a thoroughly European sensibility..the true pleasures are Clooney's study in stillness and Corbijn's striking images..a beautifully restrained performance.
For a change, a thriller that explores the calm, not the storm.
George Clooney is a somber, guilt-wracked assassin hiding out in mountainous central Italy-but despite the bleak sheen and Anton Corbijn's spatial dexterity, the script goes all Up in the Air.
An inert thriller that should have remained on the novelist's page.

@highlight

As beautifully shot as it is emotionally restrained, The American is an unusually divisive spy thriller -- and one that rests on an unusually subdued performance from George Clooney.