For all its high-falutin' references this is just another rom com with a bit of angst and ontological confusion thrown into the mix.
...genius, or at least fascinating. [Full review in Spanish]
The wacky sight gags and psycho-drama slapstick is tinged with melancholy and regret ...
One of the most insightfully sad explorations of the human drive for love since Annie Hall concluded that we need the eggs.
Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind goes by like a fevered dream of love, but one you remember vividly, with profound pleasure.
At its core, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind could have been just another love story. Refracted through Kaufman's wonderfully weird prism, it's something truly memorable.
The result is a cinematic vagueness that makes the film less aesthetic yet more persuasive. This is how dreams really look: like reality, only less so.
Pretty fancy stuff, for a sci-fi romantic comedy.
It's a very Kaufmanesque narrative experiment, technically ingenious and sophisticated. It also looks like some lost comedy idea by Philip K Dick; you could call this film We Can Forget It for You Retail.
The latest and loveliest alternative universe created by Charlie Kaufman, America's most -- we should probably say only -- intellectually provocative screenwriter.
This outing from Kaufman's oddball imagination is wonderfully intriguing, often touching and typically convoluted.
This movie doesn't even try to be for everyone, but it will pierce some of you right in the heart. Give it a shot.
What follows will knock you silly, upending every single concept of storytelling that you're probably used to.
Kaufman's latest is a weird, visually woozy rom-com-in-reverse that charms, amuses and moves.
Don't be fooled by the glib, offhand nature of the film's surface demeanor. Kaufman's endearingly off-the-wall antics are pronounced as ever, but he's finally learning how to temper his humorous sport with something called humanistic spirit.
Imaginative, loopy romance is for adults only.
A surprisingly bittersweet love story at heart, Eternal Sunshine values the sum of experience, which in this case means a thorns-and-all openness to romantic possibilities.
Michel Gondry tries to channel Fellini and ends up irrigating faulty plumbing.
This is a wonderful, often beautiful, heart-wrenching story.
The film entertains for the most part and gives us a set of marvellous performances from this outstanding cast, even if it doesn't quite reach the near-genius of Kaufman's other writings.
Most imaginative and impressively executed...
Kaufman and Gondry bring out all the weirdness of the premise, sometimes eliciting disbelieving laughter, sometimes taking us to odd, chilly places.
Walking into a theater with Charlie Kaufman on the screen is like volunteering for that wacky boat trip Willy Wonka took through the chocolate factory tunnel...
Works marvel after marvel in expressing the bewildering beauty and existential horror of being trapped inside one's own addled mind, and in allegorising the self-preserving amnesia of a broken but hopeful heart.
Eternal Sunshine is fresh, heartfelt and ultimately heartbreaking in its honest portrayal of a modern relationship.
The reality is that Hollywood is such an idea poor place Kaufman tends to get more credit than he deserves for work which only occasionally rises above the level of mind games and showy sleight of hand.
It is an enchanting clutter of love and reason that will only appeal to the audience willing to take the time to see the movie and then think about it later.
A unique deconstruction of man's innate desire to avert heartache.
Romance was never this stark or twisted.
Jim Carrey and Kate Winslet are perfectly cast in this movie, and Winslet's Oscar nomination was well-deserved. The writing, direction and acting are all top-notch.
The kind of movie that only gets better the more you think about it and I think it cries out for repeat viewings.
You won't soon forget this walk down memory lane. Actually, make that a RUN down memory lane.
Odd but compelling; one of the year's 10 best
like in the best sci-fi, it's primarily a metaphor for a deeper dilemma: the question of whether or not we'd really be better off eliminating heartbreak from our lives.
Most Hollywood films tell us we have everything we need within ourselves. [This movie] indicates that we need each other, even ... when togetherness disrupts happiness.
...aligned with the Nietzschean idea that we are doomed to be ourselves, that the "eternal recurrence of the same" has a gravitational pull on our hearts.
An unusual one but a great one, it will have you asking questions about the true nature of love for some time afterwards.
Without a connection to the central relationship, all of Kaufman's musings and Gondry's visual frills would be for naught, but... it all fits into place.
Hollywood's most adventurous architect of mental space takes us on another head trip.
Dense, complex and moving.
Maybe this isn't for everyone, but it's so well written, directed, and acted that I found it beguiling, thought provoking entertainment.
A clever and offbeat romance.
Eternal Sunshine is undeniably ambitious filmmaking and a feather in this year's cap of indie movies
Es una de esas películas donde la risa, el humor, la locura y la emoción te producen, al final, ganas de salir y enamorarte.
Carrey gracefully paints the neuroses of a man who has no security or intimacy beyond the close grip of his gloomy knit hat.
Breaks the mold, harnessing some of the same energy and imagination to create a highly original love story.
It's the kind of film that could mean more to people after they've left the theater and thought about it awhile.
...un hilo conductor que juega con el espacio y el tiempo, construyendo y deconstruyendo una historia que sólo puede ser entendida al estilo Kaufman...
Movies this brilliantly designed and executed are rarities.
Brilliantly original and ingeniously revolutionary, Gondry and Kaufman couldn't be better paired.
Eternal Sunshine provides a fascinating, utterly captivating education in this curious thing called the power of love.
Capturing the joys and pains of romantic obsession as few filmmakers have before, Gondry and Kaufman have come up with a masterpiece.
Love must flourish in the heart and soul of every romantic and emerge without trepidation or doubt.
While I admired the clever screenplay, I found something to be lacking in the movie . . .
Some people may find the early going tough, but this remarkable movie is in possession of a serious mind and a rare, true heart.
Ao contrário da técnica que apresenta em sua trama, certamente será lembrado por muito tempo.
Fascinating story about love and how our memories define us.
A sort of existential love story in reverse... a white-hot starburst of extravagant emotionalism...
Brilliantly written, emotionally mature, moving film with terrific performances all round -- this is easily one of the best films of the year.
If this isn't a great film, it's still a winning cerebro-fantasia that is entertaining and occasionally poignant in its depiction of the callings of the heart.
The fantastical conceit at the heart of ESOTSM envelopes an effective drama about relationships.
Vibrant, warm and deliriously inventive.
ultimately a sentimental romance - but never cloyingly so thanks to a mood of melancholy which none of the madcap mindgames ever quite manages to erase.
It is not as fiendishly cunning as Being John Malkovich or as savage as Adaptation, but the surreal romantic twists are pure Kaufman at his neurotic worst
Fascinating, perplexing, occasionally confusing, and often extremely funny. And ultimately, it's also touching.
It's not a movie that you experience with others. Your reaction is personal.
Character arcs leap, plunge, spiral, and tie themselves into knots, yet somehow they still emerge as definable arcs, with real emotional punch... A rare and precious thing.
...a wonderful little motion picture that perplexes and baffles the audience almost as easy as it charms them.
[T]here's something warmly, recognizably, ubiquitously human in Sunshine, cuz don't we all fall in love and sometimes love it and hate it at the same time?
Significant performances from Carrey and especially Winslet highlight Charlie Kaufman's latest brain tease, which might have worked a little better with concept set to medium.
Carrey can play heartbreak with the same conviction that he can perform a fart gag in one of his regular comedies.
Part science fiction, part romance, part nothing you've ever seen before, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind is a fresh spin on love and all things rosy and scary.
... one of those movies that dares to be about something
It's expressionistic and impressionistic, even if Gondry goes so far in that direction that the film gets a little too complex to follow easily.
Being the best film of a year this early on is no gargantuan feat; Eternal Sunshine, however, stands a good chance of still holding that accolade by year's end.
This is a real science fiction double feature, with the love story and the adventure tales superimposed. I simply adored it both times.
Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind continues to come up with such amazing visuals, but its real trick is that it makes us care for Joel and Clementine.
a mind-bending, heart-tugging ode to the highs and lows of romantic love
A provocative, intelligent romance that is as challenging as it is saddening
Every bit as unapologetically old-fashioned and romantic as is it chronologically and visually twisted.
Kaufman is one of the most ingenious screenwriters in Hollywood...the clouds gather with Michel Gondry's breathlessly hyperactive direction.
There is little charm in the coupling and almost no erotic intimacy, just a series of nerve-racking conversational collisions.
This is quite probably the best new science fiction film I have seen since MINORITY REPORT and well before. It is demanding, but delightfully engaging, and intelligent.
Charlie Kaufman and Michel Gondry's second collaboration is a mind-melting, dramatic masterpiece.
An exciting, thought-provoking, and overall weird experience at the movies.
A one gimmick affair that's periodically touching and clever but never the heartbreaking work of staggering genius its reviews would lead one to expect.
Joel's head is like Dante's (or Matt Groening's) rings of relationship Hell
Like footprints in the sand of a Montauk beach, no one leaves much of an impression.
A wildly imaginative, hugely entertaining tour de force that asks big questions about life and love and fate while never ceasing to fully engage the viewer.
...the story's brilliance shines through despite some minor problems.
Michael Gondry uses New Wave techniques to craft a clever, Philip K. Dick version of love and the human condition. The best stuff Charlie Kaufman has done thus far.
Not just brilliant, but also as emotional and heartfelt as Gondry and Kaufman's previous collaboration, Human Nature, was shallow and crude.
An odd sort of love story, a melancholy rumination that's as much about the head as the heart.
A mind-blowing romantic comedy.
Aptly reflects Joel's spastically sensible perspective.
It's as astounding as its title is unusual.
Perhaps the ultimate head trip flick.
Blisteringly funny, thought-provoking and heartfelt romance.
Next Valentine's Day, there's room on the cross for one more.
...festive identity-crisis romancer...a durable love story that's surrealistic in its compelling and cockeyed wonderment. Adventuresome cinema...intelligent and taut
I fully expected a trippy experience. What I didn't expect was to be so moved by the film...Beautiful and life-affirming.
The filmmakers don't just create a puzzle that begs to be solved, they also compose a metaphysical poem that delights in the evanescence of experience and mourns it, a poem that ponders the solitude of the individual and finds it pitiable and immense.
A delightful little wormhole that takes us on a journey to another dimension of consciousness.
Feels like something entirely brand-new; such are the gifts of Kaufman and Gondry, inventors and magicians.
Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind wants to be a bittersweet comedy about erotic loss and memory loss. But it doesn't have the heart or brain.
But what makes the movie so compellingly brilliant is the thunderously beating heart constantly thumping throughout the picture, no recent movie able to so deftly dive into the perplexing insanity of love and romance.
Brilliantly constructed and engagingly executed, this has quite a few tricks up its sleeve -- the most impressive being that all concerned trim their talents to the particular needs of the movie.
The disappointment I felt at the end of Eternal Sunshine was almost crushing, simply because there were sections of it that were as daring in their emotional directness as anything I've seen in years.
With a few adjustments of plot and premise, Gondry and Kaufman might have made their masterpiece here.
The movie is so inventive and beautiful that I don't see how it can be overlooked when next year's awards are given out.
[Jim] Carrey and [Kate] Winslet exude just the right chemistry--a destined connection--to make the love story between them ring with emotion and vitality.
Once again, Charlie Kaufman takes us down the rabbit hole in a way that only he can.
Kaufman has here dug into a deeper, more heartfelt core and come up with one of the best films ever made about memory, its importance and malleability.
Neither wholly cynical nor wholly romantic, Kaufman's story is a balance of smarts and sentiment.
The perfect movie about love's inevitable imperfections.
Gets it more than right by stripping the science down to its laptop basics -- it's a 'simple' memory-erasing process -- and by putting greater emphasis on the humanity behind the diodes.
Utterly original, brilliant and complex.
This is the best movie I've seen in a decade. For once it's no hyperbole to say, 'Unforgettable!'
It's a scruffy, blurry puzzle to put together, and well worth the effort -- just be sure to clear a tabletop for it in your mind.
The thinking is shallow. The emotions are tepid. But the creativity is dazzling.
The movie's tone -- which is as naturalistic as the plot is fantastic -- heightens the tantalizing sense that maybe, finally, this is the real Carrey we're seeing.
Carrey is essentially the straight man, yet he's rarely been funnier. And Winslet is perfect as the model of an unstable woman who's bad news but irresistible.
Though certainly elliptical and challenging (and it moves well past the typical romantic notions it gently attacks), it's Kaufman's most universal and accessible film to date.
Like other Kaufman screenplays, this one is devilishly hard to make both lucid and entertaining, but Gondry succeeds on both counts, pulling the audience into an increasingly dark, suspenseful and even touching psychological adventure.
Works mostly as a showcase of visual wizardry.
A happy collision of cutting-edge writer, stars up for a challenge and a director with a taste for the symbolic.
Joel and Clementine are played with such human believability by Carrey and Winslet that we feel a real stake in their finding each other again, either in memory or in the real world.
Gondry still lags behind Jonze in rendering cohesive stories and human connection from Kaufman's adventures in self-analysis.
Audacious, thought-provoking and ruefully funny.
A masterpiece? Probably. Ingenious? Absolutely! Unforgettable? I'll see you at the 10th-year anniversary.
An amazingly complex and yet strikingly affecting look at love, life and memory that gives us one of the great movie love stories ever told.
One of the most realistic movies ever made about the unpredictable impact our experiences have on our sense of self.
It's best not to try to make too much sense of it but rather to let it work its quirky magic on a purely entertaining level.
Two mad geniuses and a lot of other talented people transform the crazy ideas embedded in Eternal Sunshine Of The Spotless Mind into a shimmering work of sheer brilliance.
This mind-bender is both funny and touchingly romantic.
The twists here are the rare sort that seem both narratively surprising and emotionally engaging, particularly the one that boxes us into this interrogative corner.
Dizzying, dazzling, smart and, most importantly, honestly struggling with the variables of love, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind is a mesmerizing mind game that still manages to find perfect pitch while pulling heartstrings.
Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Min feels like writer Charlie Kaufman going back to the same well one too many times.
The pairing of Carrey and Winslet may sound like a stretch, but both make it work with terrific performances.
The effort can fascinate, even if the result doesn't always match.
A loving, often rigorous look at love gone awry.
Despite jumping through the deliberately disorienting hoops of its story, Eternal Sunshine has an emotional center, and that's what makes it work.
Hectic, muffled, maddeningly near-brilliant.
Charlie Kaufman knows how to write mind-benders. ... In Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, however, Kaufman makes the crucial jump from mind-bender to heart-render.
Exhilarating cinema - entertaining and challenging, bizarre yet truthful. In many ways, it works like a dream.
Intellectually demanding but ultimately satisfying, "Eternal Sunshine" plays to the strengths of its cast and well-bred creative team.
Jim Carrey finds a muse who combines the subversiveness of Andy Kaufman, the imagination of Dr. Seuss and the fearlessness of the Farrelly Brothers.
It's if Salvador Dali went to bed with heartburn, woke up in the middle of the night and designed a computer game, then tried to erase it all the next morning.
[H]ow does Kaufman keep coming up with these things? How does he keep remembering to forget all the rules?
The most daring and bizarre in a string of daring and bizarre films penned by Kaufman.
The cluttered direction by Michel Gondry (who made a botch of another Kaufman screenplay, Human Nature) keeps this story from soaring higher than it does.
This is the kind of film that warrants repeated viewings just to discover the nuance and subtlety of Kaufman's story.
The charm and subtle heartbreak of Sunshine is watching how it unlocks secrets and little truths about love.
Charlie Kaufman has succinctly combined his innate quirkiness with his intuitive imagination to create one of the more ingenious yet simplistic love stories ever written.
It's an out-of-body experience that you'll find hard to erase from your memory.
Another brain tickler from the creative mind of screenwriter Charlie Kaufman.
Start with an absurdity, a clinic where memories are erased, then try to conceive of the logical consequences. Then take same and create a romance. Voila!!!
It's an equally sad, sweet and strange head trip you can't miss.
It's a strange trip, to be sure, sort of like what Fantastic Voyage might have been if some acid-gobbling metaphysicians had been at the helm.
At last Kaufman allows his characters to lift their heads out of the fog of narcissism and solipsism and dare to hope, to engage one another.
Kaufman's previous screenplays have always been intellectually rigorous, but you wouldn't necessary say they have a lot of passion. This one is different.
If this one doesn't make my year-end Top 10, that means we're due for at least ten more movies as brilliantly entertaining as this one. Somehow I doubt that's going to happen.
Writer Charlie Kaufman spins another tale of the search for love among the maladjusted, this one a head-spinning combination of Groundhog Day and Memento, featuring Jim Carrey's best performance to date.
Just your everyday, surreal, sweet, old-fashioned, science-fiction-flavored romance that tugs at your heart as it blows your mind.
In its clever dystopian conceit, the film hides an astute analysis of, to borrow a phrase from Mandy Moore, how we deal.
The most emotional movie I've watched in a while because it reveals the true, priceless value of memories, and makes their loss worthy of panic.
It's both a brilliant piece of visionary filmmaking and a deeply romantic love story, and while Charlie Kaufman's script will undoubtedly become required film-school reading, it's the performances that really make it play.
A poignant story set in a clever plot amidst exceptional performances.
Carrey and Winslet have a distinct chemistry, their coming-together scenes unfold with a tender credibility and their problems evolve with a poignant inevitability.
Begins as another one of Kaufman’s trademark head trips and takes a leap into the sublime.
A thoughtful, audacious meditation on love and relationships that finds a group of wildly disparate talents clicking together in perfect unison.
What's lacking is what the movie is ostensibly about: the heart that so often leads us to fall in love with the wrong people at the wrong time.
Another home run for Charlie Kaufman! Carrey and Winslet are fantastic! 10 on a scale of 1 to 10!
Daffy, gratifyingly inventive.
At once heartfelt and hilarious, another Kaufman-esque mix of black comedy, shaggy-dog romance, retro sci-fi and metaphysics.
For all its weirdness, Eternal Sunshine is easily the most accessible, affectionate and satisfying of Kaufman's clever films.
The real breakthrough comes from Kaufman, whose absurdist sensibility has finally coalesced into narrative maturity.
It's giddy and groundbreaking, a feast for the head and the heart.
Dazzles as its predecessors did, but its core of melancholy and heartbreak makes it a harder experience to shake off.
Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind is appropriately memorable.
It cheerfully dives down the rabbit hole while other films are searching for the exit, reminding us that happiness -- true happiness -- has no easy answers.
Brilliant, an endlessly clever, funny and strangely moving story that will leave viewers with a warm heart and smoke curling out of their ears.
Michel Gondry's angular and intelligent romantic comedy isn't entirely consistent. Even as you laugh, it's a movie you admire more than love.
The hiccups and eccentricities that define a Kaufman script -- the anguished neuroses, the narrative kinks -- are firmly in the service of a touching love story, not the other way around.
Spreads the brightest cinematic sunbeams of the season.
Although the characters are unremarkable, Kaufman and director Michel Gondry ... have some thought-provoking things to say about the nature of memory.
I'm haunted by its ability to formulate the impossible complexity of the will to love to the screen.
It's a beautiful, sad, profound film and, although parts of it may remind you of other works of art ... it is like nothing you've ever seen.
Kaufman, who is by far the most exciting screenwriter working today, has taken his trademark loopy storytelling and transformed it into something more mature and wonderful.
Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind is a fascinating psychological drama exploring the manifold meanings of memory, love, desire and disappointment.
It's a trippy but tender examination of human emotions, relationships, all-consuming love.
Ingenious, eccentric and very moving.
a remembered place can enter someone's living room with a camera pan
One of the deepest, most moving dramas in years.
While Kaufman has sprung some world-class brainteasers on us before, 'Sunshine' is the first screenplay he's written that hits the heart.
Ingeniously idiosyncratic Charlie Kaufman wraps his head around themes of lucid-dreaming and lost love in Eternal Sunshine, and once again hits the Freudian jackpot.
As a friend joked, 'If you peel away the movie's postmodern tricks, what you're left with is about as profound as a Hugh Grant movie.'
Eternal Sunshine never betrays its ambitions and never lets you down, offering a complex message about love and human relations that's as universal as it is refreshing.
In addition to matching Kaufman's wild imagination with equally startling visuals, Gondry has also managed to get the best, most mature and sharply focused performance ever from Jim Carrey.
You constantly appreciate Kaufman's intelligence and Gondry's lively filmmaking.
As techno-wacky and surreal as the movie gets, what gives it a genuine, beating heart is Kaufman's insight about relationships.
a seductive, intelligent, and engrossing love story that has the viewer in love with its quirky concept.
...this isn't a romance about the flowering of first love, but about learning how to make a mature love stay in bloom.
Wholly romantic, but Kaufman focuses less on the grand and sappy, and more on those moments where a heartstring tug is inexplicable to anyone besides those doing the pulling.
Another unpleasantly glib, shallow demonstration of Kaufman's self-satisfied cleverness, further marred by failed pretensions to profundity about romantic destiny.
A dizzying film that pulses with confusion, fantasy and heart, asking questions about memory and the nature of love that one can't help but apply to his own life.
May be the first movie I've seen that bends your brain and breaks your heart at the same time.
[Carrey] adds an ineffable sweet sadness to this complex tale of love found, lost, and then rediscovered in Kaufman's suitably novel way.
...le premier excellent film de 2004 et une expérience unique au cinéma...
Kaufman cooks up a fascinating premise of mending broken hearts, but Gondry deserves extra credit for conjuring the right images to match the story's wickedly clever asides.
By its delightful end, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind will have you, heart, mind and soul.
Easily the most captivating couple of hours you're likely to have at the movies all year, "Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind" is brilliant cinema - don't miss it
A unique romantic comedy, unfettered by the normal expectations of the genre, is a rare and wondrous thing.
An ambitious, spellbinding and fascinating mind trip of a movie.
Kaufman's scripts have always centered on human vulnerability and neediness, but this is his most mature and genuinely affecting tall tale to date.
Deft, witty, and vastly enjoyable.
...a romantic date movie alternative...
Great concept but mediocre movie.
Delightfully demented and edgy enough to sustain interest.
By the third act, the glow has worn off, and the film plods towards its inescapable finale with deadly familiarity.
A bold and venturesome trip down memory lane as only writer Charlie Kaufman could imagine it.
Manages to present romantic relationships in an incredibly passionate yet astoundingly pessimistic way, and I think that screwed up my equilibrium, or something.
Do you feel clever, punk? Well, do you? Because that's the only way to get your head around the latest Charlie Kaufman flick.
Even if the script had been more accessible, it's doubtful whether its ultra-high concept will connect with general audiences.
If films about coping with memory loss and/or reverse-order storytelling now constitute a mini-genre, then pic is arguably the best of the lot.
[While] not as good as the Kaufman films directed by Spike Jonze... it's touched by aspects of greatness.
Electronic alteration of memory cells allows writer Kaufman full liberty to play with flashbacked time warps within a zany conceptual framework.
Michel Gondry's visual ingenuity is superbly suited to Charlie Kaufman's cleverly intricate and ambiguous narrative on love It's a seductively spellbinding mind-trip!
Vividly and graphically illustrates Calderon's de la Barca's maxim, 'Life is a dream.'
Festive like happiness, buoyant like romance, fiery like a new love, and shattered like a broken heart.
Both embraces and transcends the quirkiness of Kaufman's previous efforts, forming a moving, inspired mediation on the funny-sad nature of love.
A remarkable film that can coax a smile about making the same mistakes in love and then sneak up and quietly break your heart.
Works like a visual poem with razor sharp writing and some of the best acting yet from a powerhouse cast.
... a strange, sometimes confusing and often brilliant black comedy.
Misery wants company.
Michel Gondry's Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind is a comedy that has the bracing fright of an identity-crisis horror film.
A special meeting of minds between Kaufman (who seems to represent at least 80 per cent of the imagination in Hollywood's screenwriting gene pool) and Gondry. The fact that Jim Carrey gives the best turn of his career so far doesn't hurt either.


@highlight

Propelled by Charlie Kaufman's smart, imaginative script and Michel Gondry's equally daring directorial touch, Eternal Sunshine is a twisty yet heartfelt look at relationships and heartache.