Chabrol develops the situation with sly restraint, while Eduardo Serra's cinematography generates a palpable sense of provincial menace.
A polished thriller from one of cinema's most accomplished murder mystery fans.
Once again Chabrol tells the tale with an almost clinical detachment and discretion -- the pacing is almost coldly deliberate and the camera often cuts away rather than intrude -- but the upshot is well worth the wait.
A prickly, twisted, mean-spirited, borderline crazy and highly seductive picture.
This 2004 French feature seems concerned not so much with the psychopathology of everyday life as with psychopaths who lurk behind the everyday.
Chabrol locates this impressively acted tale in an everyday world with a quietly menacing atmosphere.
A warm cup of milk spiked with acid
A compelling watch.
Brilliantly directed and acted, The Bridesmaid is one of the year's best films.
Only in a Chabrol film can subjects like lust, obsession and family dynamics not lead you to a psychological insight. That's why The Bridesmaid is so much fun to watch. It's scary and seductive, and you're not bothered in the least by that connection.
It's fascinating to watch the level-headed Philip's descent into a relationship with a woman that he knows is insane.
An understated exercise in edge and intensity worthy of favorable comparison to Alfred Hitchcock. A neo-noir masterpiece!
THE BRIDESMAID, shot by the gifted cinematographer Eduardo Serra, isn't on par with some of Chabrol's best work, it is very much in keeping with his themes.
...An adaptation of a Ruth Rendell novel that turns out to be a surprisingly good character piece, in addition to having the usual Chabrol qualities.
Chabrol's film stands as a reminder of the madness that lurks in plain sight.
How does that saying go, 'Always a bridesmaid, never a convicted felon?' Okay, maybe that's not quite right, but it is intriguing and so is this movie.
Chabrol arranges his story with a subtle, almost clinical accumulation. And it takes close attention to the movie's seemingly innocuous details to understand his deeper purposes.
Entering his sixth decade, Chabrol remains a master inspector of the criminal heart of the French bourgeoisie.
A superbly unsettling crime drama about a seemingly ordinary family, ravaged by passions that descend on them like a plague.
[Claude Chabrol] may be in the ranks of senior citizens (he's 76 this year) but he's lost none of his youthful audacity and innovation.
At age 76 with 54 films to his credit, Chabrol can do little wrong and pretty much whatever he likes.
Well-made and containing a healthy sense of humor, The Bridesmaid is a reminder that most of the time less is more.
Chabrol's... gift is making the audience believe that emotion and obsession trump logic for these deluded characters.
France's Claude Chabrol, venerable (76) chessman of suspenseful bourgeois rot, moves his pawns superbly again, though we see the checkmate coming.
Grips you from beginning to end.
The film reveals its secrets slowly, and Chabrol tightens the screws not according to the rules of Hollywood suspense but with a cool, level gaze.
A merrily macabre things-we-do- for-love yarn.
It uses the extraordinary craft Chabrol has acquired over the decades to insinuate itself inside our psyches in unexpected and potent ways.
If you can get past predictable plotting and at least one too-obvious performance, The Bridesmaid offers some delectable arias of resentment and willing self-delusion.
Like something done by Hitchcock on heavy Valium. It's a would-be thriller with a painful paucity of energy.
Claude Chabrol has a wonderful way of making audiences nervous.
Chabrol's best new film in years.
[Chabrol] deliberately uses ambiguity which draws the viewer into considering the psychological complexities of the characters. He never patronizes his audience by spelling out and laboring the obvious.
People who like their mysteries to remain just that (and who have a patient nature to boot) could enjoy La demoiselle d'honneur as a minor entry in Chabrol's notoriously uneven filmography.
If The Bridesmaid is middle-drawer Chabrol, it's almost worth going to just to watch Laura Smet, a vamp of not-so-basic instinct.
Certainly, The Bridesmaid is the most compelling film I have seen this year since Jean-Pierre Melville's Army of Shadows.
...a placid and creepy work, with hints of Hitchcock proliferating.
In The Bridesmaid, the latest of his works to be released in the United States, Mr. Chabrol again takes up a sharp instrument and directs it at one of his favorite targets, the family.
Now well into his 70s, Claude Chabrol -- the French Hitchcock -- continues to turn out enjoyable thrillers about skeletons in bourgeois closets.
Smet, the 22-year-old daughter of Nathalie Baye and French musician Johnny Hallyday, has a hauntingly beautiful face and carries Senta's enigmatic nature well.
Much of the action here isn't portrayed onscreen but is conveyed through dialogue ... but, in the sister's case, results in the audience not fully appreciating the situation or, worse, caring about it.
Like Hitchcock or Clouzot, Chabrol excels at building a sense of dread.
... a psychodrama of typically brisk efficiency and relaxed gallows humor.
[Claude Chebrol] works his actors with skill but the story does not permit the emotional involvement it should have.
Chabrol's scrutiny of human behavior is remarkable for its laidback intensity and absence of finger-wagging.
Claude Chabrol forgoes suspense to peer into the minds of two people overcome with passion for each other.
...the type of gothic horror that has become so familiar over time, that its shocks make one feel more nostalgic than horrified [but] the master's flourishes make this a must see for any fan.
[A] curious, sexually charged but ultimately unsatisfying thriller.
When the master of French thrillers Claude Chabrol meets the mistress of English suspense fiction Ruth Rendell, the result is a potent if very classic blend.
Skilfully adapted from a Ruth Rendell novel and set in a provincial French town, The Bridesmaid is a slyly enjoyable thriller with echoes of Hitchcock's Strangers On A Train.
It's about the way families behave so strangely, how mama's boys end up more than a little messed up and how women seem to get the short end of the happiness stick.


@highlight

Chabrol has crafted another sophisticated, unsettling thriller about sinister doings among the bourgeoisie.