The whole film feels a bit like a dream after a late-night burrito, leaving you wondering if moments in the film actually happened, particularly when mulling over it the next day.
Apart from arousing fitful curiosity, this stretch of surrealism yawns into an arid expanse of flat quirkiness. Meanders between torquing noir clichés and drifting through a funhouse-mirror-maze of SoCal conventions. Little strange poetry emerges.
Wrong wears out its welcome even at 94 minutes.
A work of much playfulness and imagination, Wrong hints at a broader promise of budding, starburst auteurism upon which the film as a whole -- a nice, silly riff that could work better in truncated form -- doesn't fully deliver.
Quentin Dupieux's brand of absurdism lands somewhere between the plays of Eugène Ionesco, the looniest sketches of Monty Python, and the most adventurous efforts of the Adult Swim brigade.
There's a winning confidence to the filmmaking, which is deceptively stylish - Dupieux favours nervy close-ups and blurred foregrounds - and some real soul in Plotnick's performance.
Dupieux makes the viewer work for it with Wrong. And it's not always worth the effort ...
This isn't a long film, but it lacks propulsion at times. Luckily, it maintains its wry outlook and never quite erases the good will that its best moments inspire.
For all its dominant paradigm subverting, "Wrong" never feels dangerous or truly challenging, content generally to amuse rather than amaze.
I'll happily jump aboard the "Why Not" train that Quentin Dupieux so emphatically conducts yet again for Wrong, another delightfully absurd film that so many viewers will wrongfully, but understandably, hate.
... crafts some amusing exchanges and trippy images even if the whole thing never adds up to much in the end.
With all of its robe mocking, its pet kidnapping service, its squeaky turkey dog toys, and most of all its turd memories, Wrong is one of the most unique films you'll ever sit through.
Dupieux has to be applauded for creating a unique universe, but sometimes he seems stuck in it - to the point where we feel we're not always in on the joke.
In Wrong, reality and the world of the film will regularly upend themselves; it's never quite reliably clear, though, that these inexplicable events are happening for a purpose.
Have you ever been stuck at a party talking to a guy who thinks he's a comic genius?
Dupieux doesn't make films for everyone, but he does craft creative and abstract trips that are more than worth going on, even if they're fantastically difficult to explain to anyone who has yet to join the club.
Dupieux's absurdism is simply muddled, masking the fact he doesn't really have much to say.
There's off-kilter style to spare: empty frames, heightened sterile imagery and mannered performances. But there's nothing below the surface that we haven't seen before.
It would take a firmer hand to right this "Wrong."
The key to making a movie like this work is for the characters to invest themselves completely in the weird little universe Dupieux has created for them, and they do.
Wrong, despite its off-putting opening scene, carries itself in a bright, curious manner that encourages deeper investigation into Dolph's seriously messed-up week of misfortune.
The story wanders at times and includes interludes that feel like non sequiturs even for a movie hinged on such absurdities, but Dupieux, with the help of Plotnick, has created a unique world of soft chaos and goofy humor.
There's a sly brilliance to the way Dupieux responds to audience expectation by repeatedly, pointedly violating Chekhov's Law.
Composed of skit-like scenes and populated by gimmicky characters, the movie is flimsy, glib, and occasionally pretty funny.
It's a lot easier to like a stunt when a filmmaker brings more than one idea to a movie, whether or not those ideas have anything to do with each other.
The film's heady buzz is invigorating, and there are substantial pleasures-and laughs-to be found in all its real-life-just-gone-sour strangeness.
As this wry, dry and glittering near-masterpiece proclaims, life is full of wrongness, but also full of mystery and wonder.
Yuck.
It doesn't seem to have any pretensions beyond the regimented unveiling of a parade of odd occurrences, plodding along under the banner of absurdity.
Those on its perpetually absurd wavelength should soon find themselves left in fits of giggles.
"Wrong" makes the point that people cannot communicate, not an original idea or more than a mildly amusing pic, but Jack Plotnick turns in solid deadpan performance.
I'm a sucker for humor of the weird and it hit me just right - but it also feels like Dupieux may be painting himself into a corner if he doesn't try something drastically different next time.
Writer/director/composer/editor/cinematographer/auteur/weirdo Quentin Dupieux is a guy who pulls the mat right out from under the Hollywood norm and takes bold and colorful chances
Movies need more than non sequiturs, gags and nonsense, and it's there where Dupieux fails his film and the audience.
Wrong is what would happen if Charlie Kaufman, David Lynch, and Samuel Beckett had a baby, then left it to be raised by crackheads who had gone to film school.
The search for a missing dog leads to weird discoveries in surreal semi-comedy.
WRONG melted my brain into ice cream. And I loved it.
Being awesome is the only reason it needs, but Dupieux keeps coming at situations from an angle that bears reflection.
Wrong will be a hysterical joy in the right hands.
It doesn't take long for the absurdist humor to pall among a pileup of nonsensical ideas that would be funnier if grounded in a less hazy concept.
There's a lot going on in Wrong that shows intelligence, imagination and artistry. But I'm afraid it's another "worthy effort"/"shows promise" kind of movie.

@highlight

Wrong is strange and meandering, but its absurdist vignettes reveal a unique, wry wit.