It thinks it can get away with its own contradictions by telling us we're missing the point. And maybe I am! But I couldn't possibly begin to care.
The trance-like atmosphere, catchy thumping techno score from frequent Refn collaborator Cliff Martinez, and bizarre visual imagery will assuredly keep viewers wide-eyed and on their toes
My goodness, this is tired and trite old stuff, a dreary exploration of the world of the fashion model.
If you're not getting the picture, Demon is a graphic film. Refn goes for some deeply upsetting beats and lands everyone one of them, but Demon is also surprisingly funny.
If anything, Refn has created an aesthetic experience, a hollow, surface-level satire that is pretty to look at, but little else.
With The Neon Demon, [director Nicolas Winding Refn] vivisects the idea of surface-level pleasure by creating a frightening world of surfaces gleaming with pleasure.
It feels a bit like Black Swan, with relationships between beautiful women conveying envy and lust and violence all at once, but it's less effective because each character is astonishingly boring and unlikable.
The result of all this could work as metaphor, if it weren't so obvious and so glaringly pretentious.
The Neon Demon is Refn's best movie, or at least the one that best matches his style to his subject.
The Neon Demon provides plenty of eye candy, but not much food for thought. As a send-up of the vapid fashion industry, it's got nothing on Zoolander.
The Neon Demon may not have great dialogue, or a realistic story, or any character you can actually root for. But it's pretty. And I can watch pretty.
The photograph is stunning. But the story is a hot mess.
The Neon Demon is as deceptive as shattered glass, with a brilliant beauty so mesmerizing that you don't notice its murderously sharp edges until you're bleeding all over the floor.
A thrilling, more delirious and ethereal story than an abnormal narrative, from a plot-pretext and juicy cinephilic references to the work of great directors of the first wave of french cinema. [Full review in Spanish]
Grotesque, beautiful, and incredibly compelling.
It feels like Refn was born in the wrong era, because he would've been a great midnight-movie maker back in the day.
The Neon Demon could only be the product of one filmmaker.
[It's] certainly not for everyone but is a must-see for film-goers seeking the idiosyncratic and the outlandish.
A shallow, slow-burn horror that takes an age to get to the strong meat but looks good doing it.
Refn is definitely a provocateur, but those audiences who enjoy being provoked should probably decide if they love it or hate it for themselves. We'll both be right.
The Neon Demon cheapens fashion and femininity.
Pushing aside the earlier predatory male character in favor of a "women eat each other alive, but literally" story makes it fall short for me.
Just as people clicking on your profile or liking your Insta means you have done something "good", people hissing at your film now affords you a weird kind of success. Only The Neon Demon isn't good, and most Instagram pictures are rubbish.
For once, Refn is on the side of the angels -- though you may prefer to avert your eyes as he finally gets his own fingers sticky.
Devoid of delicacy or sophistication, but there's something wonderful about its blunt-force approach anyway, and its fearless commitment to non-stop sensory overload..
The Neon Demon is a gender-flipped twin to Refn's last movie, the dreamy Bangkok ultraviolence of 2013's Only God Forgives. That film turned the male mindset into a self-destructive celebration, and now he's made the female equivalent.
The Neon Demon is a niche, avante garde film to be sure, but it's one that any moviegoer and cinephile should give a chance to.
A film that transubstantiates its terrifying sequences into abstract drifts between a formalist and provocative game. [Full review in Spanish]
Vampire witches eager for eternal beauty take over the most twisted film of its director. [Full review in Spanish]
[It's] a blood-soaked, macabre and initially fascinating film. One where style made sure substance never got the invite to attend, then takes over the whole mad -- and maddeningly slow -- shebang.
Bold, bloody, and kind of boneheaded, Nicolas Winding Refn's latest isn't for everyone.
A film of a limitless ambition and an obsession to convert a simple piece of genre into a reflection of the limits of commercial cinema. [Full review in Spanish]
A dark fairy tale with allies and betrayals and a memorable ending that will not make clear the heroine's triumph or condemnation. [Full review in Spanish]
Beauty is the beast in this horror film as fashion layout.
Although Refn is indeed a deeply unique filmmaker on an aesthetic level, in terms of character, theme and genre he is deeply derivative.
Decadent and dazzling, The Neon Demon has elements of dream-like fairytale, surreal horror and deadpan satire, all bound together by a hypnotic electronic score from Refn's frequent collaborator, Cliff Martinez.
Refn wants to both lure people in while threatening all the while to spit them out - and he does so in eye-popping fashion, as does his entire cast.
That everything is intended in bad taste is one thing; that it's all finally more bland than bitter is another.
Its visual indulgence and frequent referencing of other films about celebrity... is entirely appropriate given its subject matter - and ultimately, there's nothing to be ashamed of about enjoying the beauty of a film.
If you give yourself over to The Neon Demon, let yourself be completely immersed in its hypnotic fever dream, it will stick with you, burrowed in your subconscious. It truly is a work of art.
It's this filmmaker's weakest and silliest film so far.
A guilty pleasure should at least be entertaining on a basic level, and that's something The Neon Demon is certainly not.
Nicolas Winding Refn comes close to self-indulgence when moderation would help, but then who the hell wants moderation in a film that is anything but moderate
Frustrating and exhilarating in equal measure...
The Neon Demon is necrophantastic.
Still style over substance, but there's actually a little substance ... at its heart, a ferocious, furious satire ... maintains an atmosphere of dread throughout.
I'll give the Neon Demon this: while it's nowhere near perfect, it's certainly interesting and unique.
Too sophisticated and contained to cause shock, and too naive to function as a fable for the loss of innocence in Hollywood. [Full review in Spanish]
Lacks on substantial results but is a film that makes a good point. [Full review in Spanish]
Writer-director Nicholas Winding Refn is a film-maker who cares deeply about morality, about the clash of right and wrong when an outsider's value system crashes into another, built on the tacit agreement of a larger group.
I think it was a waste of time planning the aesthetics for a very complex and interesting film just to make an irrelevant critique. [Full review in Spanish]
What is it to be consumed? What is to be 'natural'? What power does beauty wield? Whatever the question NWR crafts a sensual and scary metamorphosis, with the elusive power of folk tale.
A twisted view of beauty and body cult of nowadays. [Full review in Spanish]
Some viewers might be confused by this grotesque Avant-garde satire of fashion industry but definitely won't leave them indifferent. [Full review in Spanish]
A film that criticizes the fashion industry in a very intense and harsh way. [Full review in Spanish]
One of the few horror movies that makes its way through other genres and change the world of cinema. [Full review in Spanish]
Winding Refn shows a precise look of fashion industry through his characteristic aesthetics. [Full review in Spanish]
The Neon Demon is a downward spiral trip to the dark side of humanity. [Full review in Spanish]
This film is so visually striking and flamboyant as designer clothes but with a corpse trying not to rot underneath. [Full review in Spanish]
Like getting mauled by a diamond encrusted hyena
The Neon Demon is a beautifully envisioned thriller which uses the pretentiousness of the fashion industry as its backdrop.
I really was excited to see what Refn's sensibilities would bring to the world of horror when The Neon Demon was first announced, but unfortunately, all we get is a beautiful-looking film, and not much else.
...a simplistic and familiar tale of clashing egos and sexuality that places [Refn's] suffocating visual maximalism front and centre.
A lustrous, sumptuous photoshoot that never fully becomes three dimensional.
This is a ride, a carefully crafted experience, and it is precisely because it is so immersive and controlled that I would recommend it.
The last thirty minutes of the movie descend into utter chaos and confusion.
Refn goes to places that other filmmakers would reject on grounds of taste, morality and commercial appeal. It's meaty cinema. Sadly, unfashionable in this day and age.
Astute viewers will pay special attention to Abbey Lee, a model herself who was most recently seen in last year's best picture, Mad Max: Fury Road.
Nicolas Winding Refn's downward spiral continues with The Neon Demon...
The theme is as superficial as the Hollywood glamour scene it depicts.
Consider it an unsettling reminder that sex and violent death share one attribute - penetration, of body, mind and soul.
[So beautiful that] every film before it looks like it has just been run through the Mayfair filter on Instagram
It's funny in places but it feels very self-aware and a bit self-indulgent. People have loved it; however, it just left me cold.
Refn demonstrates admirable boldness in his ongoing determination to challenge the form at a time when too much arthouse cinema is, in its own way, as formulaic as the comic book-obsessed mainstream.
Sliding into grand guignol, the primary colours and pointed objects evoke the 70s cinema of Dario Argento, with outré overtones of Lucio Fulci or Ruggero Deodato.
The visuals of The Neon Demon are spectacular and the score is incredible, but the film itself lacks proper direction, a coherent storyline, and a worthwhile conclusion.
At its best, The Neon Demon's sound and image combine to create sequences of surreal beauty and sinister menace.
The Neon Demon is wonderful looking, has a great soundtrack and has some interesting ideas floating around but it tries your patience with its sluggish pace and lack of drive.
Its story is an excuse for kitschy visual grandeur. To complain that it prioritises style over substance is to miss the point: style is substance for Refn.
It is as sordid as it is entertainingly preposterous, as the director makes a misguided attempt at mansplaining the fashion world of Los Angeles.
I didn't need this film to tell me that beneath the glamour of the fashion industry lies a wasp's nest smothered in dog turd.
It's a little overlong, and a lot of viewers may find themselves feeling a little queasy for several reasons, but this is a powerful cinematic experience that Refn fans should absolutely treat themselves to.
Fanning is captivating and inscrutable, flashes of anger betraying her passive gaze.
A wonderfully stylish and stylised movie, an exercise in narcissism and grotesquerie in which director Nicolas Winding Refn takes a morbid pleasure in showing young and glamorous people behaving in a very ugly and self-obsessed fashion.
The Neon Demon has enough interestingly unique merits visually to hold your attention and stay with you long after you've left the cinema.
The movie is either a sick dark joke or a multicoloured hoot, depending on your opinion. The only certainty: when in doubt Refn will have a character vomit up an eyeball.
Whether you love it or hate it, this is Refn at the top of his game. As beautiful as it is ridiculous.
Refn has all but perfected his craft, so superior is it to what has come before.
Like Drive, this is a film whose powerful visual style and hypnotic soundtrack help build the narrative up to a point which it might not otherwise have reached.
The Neon Demon is about as deep as a puddle, but the image it reflects back is so mesmeric you may stare so long you fall in.
Despite the aggressive visual barrage and complete air of narcissism within and without, The Neon Demon will haunt and possess you long past your comfort limit.
This exquisite nonsense from director Nicolas Winding Refn, best known for the excellent Drive, has very little substance -- it's not exactly art -- but it does have plenty of style and tension.
A ravishing piece of cinematic seduction.
Refn's urge to shock drives him to push things too far.
Predictable and sensationalistic, the story in The Neon Demon is delivered with exclamation points.
Refn has always been a go-big-or-go-home filmmaker, but here that sensibility betrays him.
Patient fans of eye candy may get their money's worth from Neon Demon, but those craving a good story will be better served with another viewing of Black Swan.
...another bit of psuedo-stylistic rubbish by Refn...a horror film that includes graphic scenes of perversions like necrophilia and cannibalism...mind-numbingly slow...and stomach-turningly disgusting. Why it's not rated NC-17 is puzzling.
Striking, austere and empty.
With this latest effort, Refn paints a lurid, confused portrait of girlhood and the fashion industry that is flashy, loud, and gory but unfortunately fails at all turns to touch on anything close to truth.
Pretentious and self-indulgent, it seems tailor-made to appeal to lovers of the obtuse and inscrutable until it takes a left-turn into schlocky, gore-drenched splatter imagery.
Archly silly, quotable, visually hypnotic and perfectly suited for repeat viewings. On first watch, the film is bizarre, hallucinatory, shockingly gruesome. A second watch unlocks the dumb-clever charms of Refn's script
A movie this studded with beautiful people, surreal visuals, necrophilia and bloodlust has no right to be this deadly dull.
Wickedly original, The Neon Demon finds Nicolas Winding Refn at his divisive and provocative best, as he toys, disturbs and, even, infuriates his audience, all with a knowing wink.
The Neon Demon is a stylishly surreal, but hollow, horror/thriller - and another Nicolas Winding Refn film bound to divide audiences.
Movies like 'The Neon Demon' laugh in the face of conventional criticism - you can take apart the antiseptic dialogue and overwrought approach and carnival-freak conclusion, and the film will nod and give you an improv-style "Yes, and?"
One can't deny the sheer potency of Refn's painstakingly composed images, even if the cumulative impact of it all leaves one feeling as empty as the glamourous amazons populating the screen.
You won't be indifferent. The Neon Demon is pretty loopy, but its gorgeous absurdities are more interesting than most sane movies can offer.
It's all metaphor: A dark musing on Western culture's worship of all things pretty, white, homogenized and.. Refn treats it the way a creative chef uses processed sugar, reducing it, dying it, and spinning it into twisted and colourful hard candy.
For the most part it feels like the director is just trying to shock and alarm the audience - the taboo-breaking and gore increase as the film goes on, until the final scene becomes a mutilated mix of inevitable and meaningless.
The Neon Demon is as lethargic as it is elegant.
A sensuous guilty pleasure to be sure, but David Lynch's "Mulholland Dr." is so much better. "No hay banda."
Refn is hardly the first moviemaker to find a link between supermodels and scary monsters, but he may be the most style-minded one to make the connection. Imagine an issue of Vogue with Maleficent as guest editor.
There is, indeed, some wonderful art direction here. But watching Jesse stare in the mirror for the umpteenth time or repose with glamorous ennui on one of those divans, I found myself rolling my eyes.
Spectacle works for only so long. As its surface allure wanes, the movie becomes as tiresomely superficial as its subjects.
There's still a petty overeagerness to Neon Demon, a [Russ] Meyer-style tackiness that embraces empty metaphor at the expense of character development, or even a coherent story.
Teasing the audience with prolonged suspense is one of Refn's specialties, and at its best, the sensation manifests itself viscerally.
Refn is too engrossed in false color nostalgia, replicating the moods and palettes of the 80s, like Panos Cosmatos' BEYOND THE BLACK RAINBOW or the many hipster bands of late who copy the sound and fashion, but never bothered to listen to the lyrics.
At least the cinematic train looks pretty as it runs off the tracks driving home its symbolism (and people from the theater). (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, Nudity, etc. - Also Available)
Pretty but shallow, it comes across like Beyond the Valley of the Dolls directed by Dario Argento.
You'd think that any movie featuring lesbian cannibalism and lesbian necrophilia would at least be fun.
Things go downhill rapidly as the movie descends into horror material that is laughably grotesque yet so visually cool it remains fatally unfunny.
There's no denying the beauty of Refn's images, even if his puerile instincts are at odds with his obvious pretensions. Those who cry it's shallow and ugly won't be wrong; others will love it for those very reasons.
It would be easy to look at "The Neon Demon" and think that it is little more than style over substance, and there may be some validity to that notion. But even if it's the case, the style of the movie is extraordinary.
A bold visionary artist, Refn seems able to revel in the culture of instant gratification while also subjecting it to critique.
Part tragedy and part comedy, but also part horror movie and part pornography.
It is a celebration of superficial loveliness and a punishing indictment of the type of people who are only superficially lovely. It is shallow and complicated. It is disgustingly beautiful and beautifully disgusting. It is brilliant filmmaking.
It's a strikingly pretty, occasionally dazzling, but more often very silly, vapid film; too cool for school, and therefore hard to get upset or excited by.
For his latest, The Neon Demon, Refn veers into the territory of people like David Lynch with his story of how beauty, and the want for beauty, corrupts even the most innocent. Oh, and it's incredibly disturbing, in case you wondered.
The film exploits vapidity at every turn, and consequently becomes a vapid ordeal itself. There's self-awareness there, sure, and it's effective enough, but it comes at the expense of true cinematic satisfaction.
A viewer may admire Refn's stark images, or be captivated by the tabula rasa affect of Fanning's ingenue performance, but The Neon Demon gives off a cool light that fails to grab us emotionally.
...captures the blinkered experience of obtaining adoration we were not made to receive
Nicolas Winding Refn tosses All About Eve into the blender with alluring moodiness and bloody malice in this rapturous, sometimes ingeniously inane, tale of superficial nihilism and the obsessive pursuit of perfection.
A special kind of awful. I'd talk about the acting, but I never saw any; it's all posing. Director Refn seems to saying that the L.A. beauty business is superficial and needs to be avoided. Ditto this movie.
Refn's style is worth sampling even though it feels in search of a subject.
It's strange and baroque waters that Nicolas Winding Refn submerges us in here, but sadly they're just as shallow as most of his onscreen fashionistas dressed to kill.
"The Neon Demon" is exactly where Refn needs to be, embracing his gruesome, shallow side with unabashed glee and a gallon of blood.
Neon Demon is something to look at. It's gotta lot of bark and a little bit of a bite. It just never sinks in.
By its conclusion, The Neon Demon feels particularly disdainful of its audience, limping to the end with rote sadism and gross-out violence in the stead of a fully formed narrative.
I'd like to tell you how dumbfoundingly awful The Neon Demon is, but I know when to give up.
The mesmeric pull of The Neon Demon cannot be denied. It lures you in for the kill.
Since this is a movie by director Nicolas Winding Refn ... it's only a matter of time before the abstract violence becomes literal.
Stylish and creepy, but also simplistic and hollow. As an indictment of the beauty industry, it's only skin-deep.
"The Neon Demon" is hot garbage that dares you to call it offensive. In addition, it's offensive.
Refn ("Drive") is a visual stylist, first and foremost, and he never lets the audience forget it. "Demon" is a monument to his self-regard ...
Yes, Refn indulges his camera to the point of luxuriating, but then, he has reason to believe you'll stay with him.
This stylish shocker by writer-director Nicolas Winding Refn (Drive) equates physical beauty with the life force-the metaphor is intriguing, but not enough to compensate for his cliched portrayal of the modeling business as a glamorous snake pit.
Pretension and poor writing dressed up as art-house cinema.
The Neon Demon is a cautionary tale about youth, beauty and Los Angeles, a vampiric study of modelling that is both terrifying and hilarious.
Just as in the fashion industry Refn's story of a young model ingénue critiques, there's not much there beneath the glossy, admittedly gorgeous and gory surface.
Like Refn's one-dimensional women, this movie thinks it's profound when it's really just drop-dead gorgeous.
An all-female cast just gives Refn more ways to get women wrong.
Enjoy the cascade of formal, brazen imagery, just don't mistake its sporadic painterly power for the clinical rigor of Kubrick, De Palma's maestro panache, or a snaky Lynchian nightmare.
If Only God Forgives evoked Twin Peaks: Fire Walk With Me, then this is Refn's Mulholland Drive, and the best film to play in theaters so far this year.
Despite all the obvious provocations, The Neon Demon is actually masterful in its madness.
Nicolas Winding Refn's latest film is a self-indulgent exercise in style. But what self-indulgence, and what style!
Natasha Braier's fluid cinematography and Elliott Hostetter's sleek production designs conspire with Cliff Martinez's ominously beckoning score to keep us intrigued as Refn's long, long, long fuse pulls us along.
Is it a straight-up horror movie? A mockery of artifice? Is the fact that the film traffics in nothing but artifice a mockery of that mockery? Only Refn and film grad students know for sure, but [it's] a magnificently beautiful bauble.
After all the earlier trippy languor, Refn suddenly pushes hard to make this a unique statement. Which it is - uniquely repellent.
If Refn is trying to skewer our cultural fixation with youth and good looks, his blade isn't up to the task. "The Neon Demon" attacks, but indiscriminately.
The ending will shock just about everyone, but to what end? Neon Demon is as beautiful and empty as the industry it sends up.
The film is visually striking, even if the images don't always make sense.
Extraordinarily stylish and equally vacuous-as well as seriously grotesque...alternately boring and repulsive.
The last act of Refn's film is extreme...but even these scenes have a perverse beauty...for those who can stomach regurgitated eyeballs, it's an allegorical hoot.
A beautiful, hypnotic nightmare that goes to some comical, horrifying and unexpected places.
Nicolas Winding Refn seems to want simultaneously to be cooed over by snooty gallery folk while flipping them the bird with both hands, which makes for an interesting combo.
"The Neon Demon" is often productively brash, even if it is ultimately more preposterous than it is satisfying.
Macabre ideas that transform the feature into art-house flypaper for those willing to submit themselves to the helmer's extravagances, iffy sense of humor, and adoration for the extreme.
Whether you think it's a brilliant feminist commentary or misogynistic softcore porn is entirely up to you. And who says those things cancel each other out?
L.A.'s high-fashion industry gets eaten alive and puked back up in Danish provocateur Nicolas Winding Refn's psychosexual satire on the quest for female beauty...
Ironically, the movie is what it critiques: it's shallow, and it's brutal...but it is very, very pretty to look at.
The Neon Demon is both enthralling and disgusting, with Nicolas Winding Refn turning in one of the most visceral film experiences of the year.
It critiques our obsession with models and beauty and style, even as it obsesses about those very same things. There is a lot of flash, but little substance.
Elle Fanning is eminently watchable as a teenage ingenue at risk of being swallowed whole by the modelling industry, but Winding Refn only seems interested in her performance as it relates to his lighting schemes.
Minimalism and maximalism, a languorous rush of images and wall of music hangered onto a fairytale of an underage girl who arrives in LA in hope of becoming a model and then falls in with a perverse raft of archetypes atop waves of deep crimson imagery.
The Neon Demon is a voluptuous provocation, a stylish free-fall down a gonzo rabbit hole that is as entrancing as it is maddening.
"The Neon Demon" doesn't always—or almost ever—go where one expects, but it plays into everything there is to love about cinema.
Refn has shown that he's a director who knows how to say things with energy and imagery and verve. Now if he could only find something worth saying.
Characters only exist as empty archetypal vessels and some of the wackier elements are laughably campy, but Refn's sumptuous visuals and disco-synth score help give Neon Demon undeniably sinister style.
All steaming piles of self-indulgent claptrap should look this good.
Elle Fanning is downright stunning here, delivering a mature and nuanced performance as disturbing as it is thrilling.
Not the best work of the Danish director, he seems lost ever since he did that great film called Drive. [Full review in Spanish]
Whether or not you connect with Refn's brand of over-the-top violence, you can't deny that his attention to color, texture, and music is nearly unmatched by other directors working today.
As with many supermodels, The Neon Demon is gorgeous to the eye but ultimately quite vacant and shallow.
A deadly combination of self-seriousness and self-indulgence that's more about the obnoxious petulance of its director than anything else. This is a movie you want to pick up and throw across the room.
A scathing, highly stylized thriller of fashion-world monstrousness.
It's a shame that a film so beautiful says so little, even by Nicolas Winding Refn's standards.
Prettiness and brutality both seep from the pores of the movie.
The Neon Demon pulls off the unique feat of being both boring and bravura all at once. Like the world it depicts, it's a feast for the eyes but little else.
[Winding Refn is] inviting you into his sand-pit filled with glitter, lamé and diced organs and wants to pin you in your seat with bold and vigorous cinematography.
It's a singular masterpiece.
I understand that the [modeling] industry is, by definition, misogynistic, but the director brings objectification of women to new heights.
Refn seems to have been treading more into David Lynch territory but was swallowed up by the quicksand of his own dullardry. More' Blue Polyester' than 'Blue Velvet.'
The Neon Demon is gushing with gory glam and oozing beautiful baroque patina from its every pore.
A mixture of Dario Argento, Stanley Kubrick, David Lynch and brain lesion - and if that sounds fun, believe me: it's not. [Full review in Portuguese.]
I don't necessarily trust The Neon Demon, and am uncertain it's a force for good in the world. But its slow-burn, glam sleaze builds gradually to a payoff that's as memorable as anything I've seen at Cannes. Which has to count for something.
The movie is a bloody-mawed catfight on hallucinogens, but the visual splendor doesn't change the fact that the film barely has characters.
This is purely an exercise in style, and what style!
If one surrenders themselves to the film's eccentric exhibition, The Neon Demon can surely be recognized as one of the year's most bizarrely fun films.
Winding Refn pretends to be a risky stylist, but his images are as empty as the inside of his skull. [Full review in Spanish]
The Neon Demon is a supremely stylish but exceedingly silly film; a bright, shiny, eye-catching bauble with a vapid centre.
The Neon Demon is excruciatingly pompous about its perviness, so slow and posed, so in love with its own look.
It's the combination of the sound, imagery and design that keeps us mesmerized well more than the plot.
Always experimenting, the filmmaker offers an extreme take on style and harmony, that overcomes every other escential element of the craft. [Full review in Spanish]
The movie ultimately doesn't have a narrative so much as it has a Message, and while Winding Refn doesn't actually go so far as to spell that Message out in big neon letters, he might as well have.
The director of Drive and Only God Forgives has excelled himself with a cinematic spasm that rattles the id as it baffles the frontal lobes.
The same guy that once made a great film with someone else's script called Drive now keeps trying ti be an author and the result is simply grotesque. [Full review in Spanish]
Vanity, narcisism, and how fake the world can be are imposed over the vision of a director that is full of himself. [Full review in Spanish]
The Neon Demon might get the blood pumping temporarily, but it doesn't have staying power.
A film that keeps the spectators attention and has a particular visual style that has become trademark of his director. [Full review in Spanish]
Definitely confirm the null cinematic interest of a pretentious filmmaker convinced himself that is an artist (Nicolas Winding Refn). [Full review in Spanish]
[CANNES 2016] All high-contrast shiny surfaces and fetishized sensual fantasy, Nicholas Winding Refn's ultra slick Neon Demon isn't the redemption he was looking for in Cannes.
Hugely disappointing as there is a brilliant film lurking inside Refn, but this bloody mess is not it.
It's preposterous and pretentious, epically pervy - and slow. It feels tailor made for the outrage it received (in week of graphic sex and violence in the movies playing here in Cannes, we can all tick 'necrophilia' off the bingocard).
Gorgeous, obvious, vapid, beautiful, a bit boring.
The simmering insinuations of Nicolas Winding Refn's film eventually flower into full-on exploitation.
The viewer is left to stare at a ponderous and incoherently stitched-together succession of vapid images for what feels like an eternity until the carnage starts.
When Fanning is off screen, we are marooned in a fashion shoot in a hell of silliness. Yet her star quality gives The Neon Demon what substance it has, and Refn's film-making has self-belief and panache. Take it or leave it.
Perhaps the most misogynistic film of the decade.
Silly, sly, sexy and sordid, The Neon Demon is a dark little burst of joy.
A gorgeously grotty little number without a thought in its pretty little head.
A glittering, etherised nightmare, drenched in cold sweat, with a dark, coiled-panther energy that springs at you in fitful, snarling bursts.
A stultifyingly vapid, ponderously paced allegorical critique of the modeling world whose seethingly jealous inhabitants can't wait to literally chew each other up and spit each other out.
It's not boring, but there's less to it than meets the eyeball.
Nicolas Winding Refn's lurid evisceration of the Los Angeles modelling community misses its target more often than it hits it.
This grotesque, hyperstylized treatise on the fashion industry recaptures some of the zany images and B-movie abstractions of Refn's crossover effort, "Drive," though it never quite gels on the same level of inspiration.
An intoxicating fever dream anchored by a transformative lead turn from Elle Fanning.

@highlight

The Neon Demon is seductively stylish, but Nicolas Winding Refn's assured eye can't quite compensate for an underdeveloped plot and thinly written characters.