Gimme Danger is an upbeat affair which benefits from some stylistic touches from Jarmusch.
... what it might lack in formal distinction it easily makes up for in shake appeal.
Witty, loving and fuelled by some of the finest rock n' roll music, Gimme Danger is unashamedly nostalgic, yet it also makes you leave the cinema with a lump in your throat that there's just no one quite like the young Iggy in music anymore.
Gimme Danger is a love letter from a fan: it avoids a lot of nasty details, but makes you feel that you didn't really need them anyway.
Gimme Danger is a powerful, if not totally raw, portrait of rock and roll's purest Dionysian spirit.
Pop, now a leonine elder statesman, is a salty, charming interview subject, but this is a surprisingly dry and conventional telling of the band's halcyon days (and eventual reformation).
Despite all the hardships, the film is enchanting as a tale of people who, for the most part, did what they loved, and in some cases are still doing it.
In what proves a primer and a tribute combined, it's the obvious affection and the unexpected moments alike that give Gimme Danger its entertaining edge.
Iggy is the star of the show. He comes across, still lean and long-haired and handsome (and almost fully clothed), as intelligent, caring -- and still vexed by what he sees as the corporate corruption of rock 'n' roll in the 70s.
It took a while, but the world eventually caught up with the Stooges. What a difference 40 years can make.
Gimme Danger demonstrates reverence for a one-of-a-kind collective of musicians.
Without breaking many rules, Gimme Danger honours these admirable rule-breakers.
The director is a little too thrilled to be in the room with his hero, and real revelation is scarce. Still, we get that mega-clang.
Long live Iggy.
On balance, this is mostly for fans -- and even they may feel some of the mixed emotions that arise whenever a one-time rebel is ushered into the hall of fame.
In the great pantheon of rock docos, this is an instant classic.
A heartfelt testament to one of rock and roll's truly singular acts.
A documentary of a singer who has reinvented rock, and that it will please the unconditional fans. [Full review in Spanish]
A film with a devastating sense of humor and a reflective analysis of the musical and lysergic influences of Iggy Pop and The Stoodges. [Full review in Spanish]
Gimme Danger has a crackling texture, with amusing footage from archival sources, previously unseen footage and photographs of the band, and, to illustrate some stories, funky animation by James Kerr.
There's wistfulness to Gimme Danger that rubs up against the ferocity of the music and creates a frisson of sadness.
It is a bit too detailed for non fans but as an art doc it works, and as an ode to Iggy and the Stooges it shines.
Where Scorsese helms docs about George Harrison and Bob Dylan, a veteran indie auteur like Jarmusch profiles a group of proto-punk anti-heroes too ugly and loud for mass consumption. Seems about right.
Standard as it is, Gimme Danger succeeds at being a very enjoyable documentary that shines a light on a great, great band. Sometimes that's more than enough.
A documentary which ultimate goal is to restore the legacy of a unique band and be an evidence that even punk warriors can also be memorable. [Full review in Spanish]
A documentary that abuses animation and old films scenes to replace the lack of archive images to complete Iggy's interview, main narrator of the history of the group and the only survivor of the original band. [Full review in Spanish]
A sometimes impassioned but oddly meandering documentary, it tells the stories of the hugely influential 60s group through the recollections of Iggy Pop and fellow band members Ron and Scott Asheton. But as usual, Iggy's the main event.
With this punchy documentary, Jim Jarmusch makes a fairly persuasive case that the Stooges, fronted by snake-hipped rock legend Iggy Pop, were the greatest band of all time.
Jarmusch doesn't exactly reinvent the rock documentary with "Gimme Danger," but he has a lot of fun with it and his scruffy, untamed subject.
Jarmusch is clearly a fan and lovingly stitches together archive footage covering the history of the band from the 1960s until their break-up in 1974.
Gimme Danger is a gross act of fandom masquerading as a musical documentary.
The familiar approach doesn't spoil what proves to be an infectiously entertaining epitaph that was well worth the wait.
Jim Jarmusch's film about Iggy Pop and the Stooges has all the familiar ingredients but Jarmusch is an accomplished enough director to move the material onto another plane.
Unwholesome rock'n'roll excitement.
The Stooges story has been told before and you can still hear the mighty roar of bug-eyed defiance on their three key albums but Jarmusch reckons it's time to revisit this tale of drugs, burn-out, more drugs, and peanut butter all over again.
Iggy's survival means he's the film's anchor, and it's his captivating storytelling, full of both articulate reminiscences and daft flights of deranged fancy, that helps to overlook the film's overall lack of weight ...
A conventional music doc about an extremely unconventional group ...
An important addition to our understanding of early '70s anarchy.
Jim Jarmusch seeks to alter the portrayal of this eccentric, irrepressible individual and remind us quite how brilliant Iggy and the Stooges were as an outfit.
Required viewing for anybody who digs rock and roll history.
Along their messy path, they made some crazy music. Archival footage and photos as well as stop-motion animation round out the picture of a band that defied the cookie-cutter model of the music industry and refused to play the game.
Jarmusch leaves no fingerprints, making this documentary a rather straightforward, artless exercise. Nevertheless, the film is carried by its subject matter, the music and a handful of long interviews with Iggy Pop that largely serve as narration.
Both fans and newcomers to the Stooges will leave with the hairs on their inner ears singed (thanks partly to the film's particularly forceful sound design) and a song in their heart, even if that song is "Your Pretty Face Is Going to Hell."
The Stooges' story is a natural fit for the silver screen. Unfortunately, superfan Jim Jarmusch's love letter to them does not quite do it justice.
"I don't wanna belong to the glam people. I don't wanna belong to the hip-hop people, I don't wanna belong to any of it, I don't wanna belong to the TV people, alternative people, none of it, I don't wanna be a punk, I just wanna be."
Whether or not Jarmusch succeeds in his task is up for debate - especially for non-fans - but he at least gave me a fresh new appreciation for a band that I already loved.
What it lacks in depth, this documentary compensates by capturing the eclectic spirit of its subject.
Gimme Danger could benefit from some deeper contextualizing, but nevertheless it is a staggeringly good film.
Gimme Danger, as incomplete and biased as it may be, offers the perfect template for Jarmusch's hyperbolic thesis. It presents a clear-headed and knowledgeable film that still knows how to have fun.
Gimme Danger is content to be a sanitized history lesson -- the last thing you'd expect from [this] band.
There are worse ways to spend two hours than in the streetwalking cheetah with a heart full of napalm's laundry room.
This is Jim Jarmusch's second documentary after 1997's poorly received "Year of the Horse" and while it's a messy, scattershot affair, the Indie auteur's love of the band is clearly evident
Chronologically charts the chaotic rise, fall and reunion of shirtless Iggy Pop and his grungy, volatile crew of iconoclastic Michigan punks who wowed the critics but disappointed the record companies.
A brainy and funny look at the creation and still-evolving legacy of a rock 'n' roll band Jarmusch considers the greatest of all time, even if RollingStone and snobby critics won't admit it.
Gimme Danger doesn't require liking or even knowing much about the band to be entertained.
One of the more entertaining boom-nostalgia docs of late.
Both filmmaker and subjects keep the focus on the music -- with a wealth of performance footage that brings such classics as "1969" and "I Want to Be Your Dog" to life in all their ragged glory.
Those who know every shred of the band's story will find the film a cool reminder of what the Stooges meant to rock 'n' roll. Those who know little of their music will find Pop an interesting and forthcoming individual.
Iggy Pop, the band's front man and the only member to graduate to a solo career, is a source of endless hilarity as he recalls the band's grungy beginnings and lurching journey through the music business.
Gimme Danger is more than carried by the colourfulness of its story and characters, and by the bold essay-like thesis that The Stooges -- now firmly ensconced in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame -- were the greatest rock band of all time.
Jarmusch's use of stock footage and snippets of old movies provides perfect backup for the personification of punk nihilism.
Against the steepest of odds, Iggy survives. Nearing 70, he looks healthier than ever, as if everything we know is wrong and wretched excess guarantees longevity.
A bittersweet, elegiac tone can't help but suffuse a film animated by so many anarchic spirits who have since left the planet, but it leaves viewers with the exhilarating, inspiring reassurance that we still have Iggy.
If you're looking for a rock star to carry a movie mostly by himself ... Iggy (aka James Osterberg), now 69, is a good candidate.
"Gimme Danger" is essentially a family album assembled by an enamored outsider.
A fine appreciation, but lacks the context and outside opinions to be definitive.
Diehard Stooges fans likely won't come away from Gimme Danger having learned anything particularly revelatory...but as a celebration of artistic tenacity, Jarmusch's appreciation for the band and its music serves as a handsomely made valentine.
Pop proves to be as likable and riveting on screen as he is on stage.
Pop is an easy guy to watch for almost two hours - amusing, self-deprecating and instantly likable.
The art of creation is always a messy mix of pushes and pulls and contradictions. The Stooges were among the messiest.
A journalistic valentine from Stooges fan Jim Jarmusch to his favorite band.
Tells the story of the Stooges in all of its calamity and eventual triumph.
I listened to the Stooges for a week straight following my viewing of Gimme Danger, and I'm guessing it'll do the same for you. Search out this movie... and destroy.
This is a history lesson that, conventional or not, rocks hard. It can't help it.
The Detroit rockers may not have been "the greatest rock and roll band ever," as the movie declares in its thesis statement, but Jarmusch treats the group as such, which is what you want from a celebration of a band.
Hanging back and being cooler than cool has long been a Jarmusch trademark, but when he gets too close to his idols it's an instinct that makes great artists look smaller than they really are.
Rock and roll is at its core and by default not meant to be neutral, but Jarmusch does an excellent job at steering the narrative as objectively as possible.
"Gimme Danger" is ... plenty entertaining and includes many moments of foaming-at-the-mouth musical fury.
The Stooges may be the biggest secret success story in music. Gimme Danger preserves their legacy better than any fan might have dared hope ...
A personalized love letter to [Iggy Pop and the Stooges] and a fitting tribute to their legacy.
Anyone expecting anything formally inventive from this usually boldly iconoclastic filmmaker will be disappointed.
A shaggier affair than most, trading slickness for chumminess, including better stories than Iggy and company would hand strangers.
The film reveals the erudition and shrewd self-awareness that Jim Osterberg drew on to become Iggy Pop.
If Jarmusch has a goal with Gimme Danger beyond putting the history of The Stooges on film, it's to create the feeling of hanging out with Iggy on a nice afternoon while he tells stories for hours.
Of course, this is first and foremost a movie about Iggy Pop and The Stooges, and under that rubric, Gimme Danger cannot be considered anything less than a heartfelt, viscerally entertaining, and entirely successful feat.
Gimme Danger checks the usual rock doc boxes, but it succeeds because of its smashing subject matter. The Stooges may not be the greatest musical act in history, but they are one of the most lively subjects for a documentary.
Jim Jarmusch assembled a collage of Iggy's exploits that's a bit shambling, yet in the spirit of its subject.
For a story of music innovators and gleeful deconstructionists, 'Gimme Danger' is surprisingly conventional in its style and approach.
It's probably 20 minutes longer than it needs to be. But when you've got archival footage this electric, and present-day interviews with Iggy Pop that are almost as entertaining, you can't really blame him for overstuffing the package.
[CANNES 2016] Here's proof that Iggy is still God, and the Stooges were the baddest rock 'n' roll band around.
Even if you don't agree with Jarmusch's introductory claim that The Stooges are the greatest rock and roll band ever, there's still a lot of pleasure to be gleaned from Gimme Danger.
Jarmusch shows some interesting things about the stage presence of Iggy Pop. [Full review in Spanish]
A simple portrait of the musician. [Full review in Spanish]
A good, but not great documentary. [Full review in Spanish]
The story of the legendary band is presented in an atractive way, making use of the historical and social changes of the time, making the musicians the voice of their generation. [Full review in Spanish]
Jarmusch clearly adores Iggy and wants to ensure that The Stooges receive their due as one of the most influential forces in music history.
"Gimme Danger" is a compelling and detailed diary of everything that made the Stooges what they were. The best reason to see the film is simply the chance it offers to wallow in the grungy glory of Iggy Pop ...
Two seminal Stooges album titles - 'Fun House' and 'Raw Power' - give a solid indication of this film's appeal.
Enjoyable and informative, [but] nevertheless confirms that the director should stick to fiction.
Stooges fans will find plenty to enthuse about in the film's ample coverage of a little-documented career.

@highlight

Its infectious enthusiasm for its subjects - and Iggy Pop's ingratiating presence - more than make up for the effortlessly entertaining Gimme Danger 's relative lack of context or depth.