From its early scenes, Snatched feels anxious and hurried, like a movie unconvinced of its ability to live up to its potential. And that's perfectly understandable, because Snatched absolutely does not.
Snatched was alright. All the good moments with Amy Schumer are shown in the trailer...if you're gonna catch it, catch it at matinee.
Snatched opens strongly as it details Emily's comically pathetic life, but she soon becomes more annoying than amusing, and director Jonathan Levine's odd pacing causes the scenes to alternate between high comic energy and obvious padding.
Leaving aside the not-very-cool politics of presenting Latin America as a place of deranged Spanish-speaking thugs, this film still can't find a comic groove.
File this one under wasted opportunity.
Snatched simply goes through the motions as an appropriately timed Mother's Day comedy release, although it is nowhere near as downright embarrassingly terrible as last year's film named after the special holiday
The result is a surprisingly sweet, absolutely hysterical, unconventional buddy movie that's entirely satisfying and meaningful.
What makes the film enjoyable is the fact that both stars play off of each other so well.
If Trainwreck was the movie that put Amy Schumer on the Hollywood map, Snatched is the film that suggests she might, somewhat surprisingly, just have trouble staying on it.
Luckily, it's a pleasure to overlook politics when the leads generate laughs at such a furious pace.
There are some fairly lame thrills and spills as the women strive to escape, and a big dose of gross-out comedy involving a giant tapeworm. That said, you'll probably find the film's supporting cast funnier than its stars.
While Snatched doesn't quite reach the heights set by Trainwreck, it offers enough shocking laughs for a good night out with friends.
... the film is a genuine laugh, guaranteed to get you and your mum lolling in the aisles.
Snatched will abandon you as carelessly as it does Linda's cats, and as lost as Emily in the jungle.
Fairness compels me to tell you that a preview audience reacted more favorably to the movie than I did, but for me, the movie's few random chuckles were matched by a significantly larger number of scowls.
Snatched remains blessedly short and mostly unfunny.
The zippy, occasionally slapdash watchability of Snatched doesn't have to be a letdown. It's not meant to be shared on Facebook walls as a vital piece of cultural criticism.
It's a mother/daughter movie that you can take your mother to and not have to avoid eye contact after.
The talents of two otherwise fun and likeable stars have been snatched.
While it is not groundbreaking, nor dripping with originality, the on-screen pairing of its two leads works and helps the movie keep its head above water, when all else fails.
A hodgepodge of wasted opportunities to capitalize not only on the comic talents of both women, but the story itself to venture off the worn path of lost-in-the-wilderness slapstick comedies.
I think it could work better if they focused on the relationship of the protagonists, without even leaving the city where they were. There is a good subject, but it's wasted. [Full review in Spanish]
An unintentionally political, racist comedy and worst of all: no laughter. [Full review in Spanish]
[Snatched] is an underdone farcical variation on the "vacation from hell" theme, combined with the mother-and-daughter-coming-to-terms scenario.
By the time "Snatched" is over, you may not feel like saying "Thanks" back. You may feel more like saying, "Why???"
If the purpose of a comedy is to make me laugh, then Snatched won my contest, even if I cringed more than a couple of times. [Full review in Spanish]
Ends up being an unmemorable light comedy that entertains at times. [Full review in Spanish]
This mildly racist, tonally bizarre farce fails miserably to make the best of either actor.
The Amy Schumer and Goldie Hawn dream team deserved a better Mother's Day outing than Snatched.
Linda's uptight nature leaves no room for Hawn's adorable silliness to shine, and she often looks like she wants to be elsewhere. I don't blame her.
Bickering, bonding, bickering, bonding. This is really the best comedy vehicle Amy Schumer and Goldie Hawn could find?
Snatched feels disappointingly familiar.
About as hit-and-miss a comedy as one could envision...
Only Hawn and director Jonathan Levine impart a humane context...Schumer has created a grating persona that lacks decency, trust, and charm.
It's not for everybody's mom - just moms who like edgy comedies.
Snatched amuses because of who's delivering the jokes rather than what the jokes are. It isn't a Trainwreck by any means.
It's short, intentionally ridiculous and funny in places. Not hilarious.
Takes Schumer's usual on-screen persona and plugs it into a witless high-concept comedy
You go to the film hoping for good dialogue and some salty exchanges, and go home with nothing particularly memorable.
The first sign that Amy Schumer's screen persona - boisterously deceptive, comically revelatory - can be smoothed down into a crudely affable Hollywood outline, Snatched is an all too familiar comic misadventure
The recycled plot mechanics and sappy sidebars keep gumming up the works. Why are people afraid to just make a comedy?
The makers of Snatched appear to have taken more of a "throw outrageousness at the audience and see if it sticks" approach. Mostly, it doesn't.
It's predictable stuff for the most part, and the jokes thin out half way through, but Schumer and Hawn are great together, and Schumer wrings every last drop of laughter out of the script.
If your tastes run to the rude, crude and pleasantly bizarre-the laughs are there, doing the heavy lifting for a story that barely is.
Snatched is the kind of movie that makes long-haul flights whizz by. Its heroines are dumber than they should be and smarter than they know.
Goldie Hawn's first film role in 15 years is charismatic but thankless.
If you love your mom, you might want to stay away but if you hate her, by all means, bring her to watch Snatched.
Despite its flimsiness and the slightly tired schtick, Snatched is just about better than average.
Largely, it's a blast with Schumer's impeccable comic timing chiming perfectly with her unembarrassed skill at cruelly poking cruel fun at herself.
The film pays only cursory attention to its plot and fails to harness the considerable appeal of Schumer and Hawn along the way.
Schumer's mix of brutal honesty and brilliant timing ekes every last titter out of Katie Dippold's solidly witty, sometimes hilarious script, and Hawn is an endearing if occasionally passive-aggressive foil ...
There's great chemistry between the leads, some entertaining secondary characters (including Wanda Sykes and Joan Cusack as self-styled commandos) and a handful of genuinely funny scenes.
Often just plain silly rather than funny it has enough sour one-liners and daft situations to generate indulgent smiles but you suspect they were aiming for belly laughs.
It's just a really awful vehicle for Schumer and Hawn who get outshined by Wanda Sykes most of the time.
Schumer and Hawn make a great team, their comic chops meshing nicely (a sequel looks all but assured).
Not quite a film so much as a cinematic experiment, Snatched gamely asks the question: "Is Amy Schumer funny enough... to transform a leaden Tinseltown turkey into pure comedy gold?" The answer, alas, is firmly in the negative.
The endless parade of lazy and arbitrary plot twists and madcap escapades quickly wears thin.
A strong dynamic between Goldie Hawn and Amy Schumer cannot compensate for a lacklustre script and some bad taste comedy in Jonathan Levin's disappointing Snatched.
There is no character development at all. Obviously, one wasn't expecting Terms of Endearment, but the two leads are so thinly sketched it prevents any moments of genuine emotion, and gives us no reason to like them.
It occurs to me that the only way this film could have been good would be if Tom Green were starring in it and it was twenty years ago.
At it's best is more reminiscent of forgotten '80s comedies like Club Paradise (1986) or Hot Pursuit (1987).
A winning double act never quite gels in a fish-out-of-water road-trip caper - think 'National Lampoon's Gringo Vacation' - that leans hard on its stars' charms and very lightly on coherent plotting.
Goldie Hawn, you break my heart. Amy Schumer (co-star and co-producer), woe upon you.
It's impossible not to come out wishing it were better.
Some big laughs. But they get fewer and further between.
This isn't so much a coherent movie as a lot of comedy sketches strung together. While Schumer turns out to be a dead-eyed shot, the film itself has a very wayward aim.
Sure, Emily utters the occasional spiky Schumerism, but most scenes feel designed and stretched for improv when no one appears to be improvising.
There is nothing remotely infectious about the work of the featured players in Snatched.
The film is saved by committed performances from its two talented leads.
[Schumer and Hawn] inspire each other to take risks, to go for bigger laughs at the expense of dignity. And they seem to be having fun together, a vibe that permeates the movie and patches up any rough spots.
There's so many ways that Snatched could have gone wrong that it's amazing that they managed to pull it off, more or less.
Naturally, when dealing with Schumer - a comic performer who is inherently funny, there are many laughs to be had. The bad news is, many of the jokes misfire, with the balance regrettably tipping in the latter's favour.
Offers a few offhand chuckles but mostly feels like a journey to nowhere.
Not all the jokes land and the culturally insensitive tone is occasionally cringing, but there's a lot of fun to be had watching the supporting cast get stuck into the silliness and the two stars bash up against one another.
Despite casting two talented leads as a dysfunctional mother/daughter duo, Snatched feels incredibly uninspired. The movie fails to rely on the endearing charm of Goldie Hawn or the sporadic and spontaneous humor of Amy Schumer.
Schumer and Hawn possess potential to be a fun comedic duo, but Levine totally squanders the match, holding our expectant pleasure ransom.
It will hopefully play better on cable, as the screenplay is TV-lite.
There's little fractious, familiar chemistry between Hawn and Schumer, so I'd advise cancelling this flashy, flimsy trip...
You know you're in trouble when a frequent joke involves misunderstanding "come" for "cum."
It's hardly surprising that Hawn's rapport with Schumer is far and away the best thing about this routine jaunt through the jungle.
... doesn't play to the strengths of either of its multitalented stars.
It's a crime to deny Hawn any reasonable share of the laugh lines, but even Schumer gets diminished by situations that require her to react more than create. Their hands are tied in more ways than one.
Snatched director Jonathan Levine (50/​50) either has little faith in screenwriter Katie Dippold's (2016's Ghostbusters) final act in the script, or created a mess of his own, as the story bounces between sequences with no enthusiasm for coherence.
An exhausted dead end for a type of comedy that Schumer and Lena Dunham, in particular, became famous for in the last decade.
Snatched isn't a great movie. Large parts of it barely even make sense. But it made me laugh, and that's saying something.
Snatched is the most disappointing movie comedy since the all-female Ghostbusters.
In "Snatched," Schumer is indulged all of her worst tendencies.
Snatched is a trip very much like the one it portrays: one that, in the end, does a pretty poor job of putting the "fun" in "unrefundable."
Screenwriter Katie Dippold comes up with just enough surprising ways for Emily and Linda to get in and out of trouble to make Snatched more than a cascade of bodily fluids.
Riotously funny but sells short iconic co-star Goldie Hawn.
The result is several IQ points above the typical American comedy. The central dramatic scene involves no bad guys, just a mother and daughter. Hawn knocks it out of the park.
When Snatched lands a joke, which it does from time to time, it garners big laughs. The movie just isn't consistently funny, despite some bright spots.
The laughs are plentiful, amplified by the funny supporting characters who wander in and out.
It does contain a few minor giggles, mostly throwaway lines or momentary bits of slapstick, but because of its ill-conceived characters and situations, it's a bore.
Boisterous humor and good chemistry between the two stars give this predictable comedy an entertaining boost.
Almost entirely laugh-free.
I don't think Schumer, the writer, or the director are being intentionally racist at any point in Snatched. But they are being unpleasantly tone-deaf.
This mother-daughter comedy is flimsy for sure, but watching the dynamic comic duo of Goldie Hawn and Amy Schumer mix it up on screen is not be sniffed at. They're rock stars.
It ought to be a riot. Instead, the odd-couple comedy -- a surprisingly violent and unsurprisingly crass play on Romancing the Stone -- runs the gamut from mildly amusing to dismal.
Amy Schumer has gone from Trainwreck to a metaphorical trainwreck.
Frothy mom-daughter comedy has raunchy humor, violence.
'Trainwreck' was the title of Amy Schumer's first starring vehicle; it's an accurate description of her second.
The anything-goes approach that gets a big laugh from a guy getting fatally spiked by a spear gun doesn't sit all that well next to the attempts at mother-daughter reconciliation.
Snatched is a glorious showcase for Hawn, and while she's not the focal point of this dopey silliness she's still the one I couldn't take my eyes off of.
This is in fact a funny movie. Schumer once again segues easily from sweet vulnerability to whiny irritation, and once again puts her own delectable spin on girly raunch.
Snatched is smart enough to prevent Schumer's woke persona from crippling the comedy.
Amy Schumer steals this movie and her performance is perfect. The movie is not and Snatched manages to snatch victory out of the jaws of defeat.
A few moments here and there are admittedly funny, but they alone can't carry the flick that otherwise feels uninspired. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, Nudity, etc. - also Available)
Schumer and Hawn go dutifully through the film's paces, animating the movie with their mere presence while the best elements of their art stay in the closet for next time.
The shebang comes with all the requisite screaming, pratfalling and naughty girl quipping about sex and nether regions...Schumer has an amiable, knockabout presence while Hawn keeps up nicely - especially considering how she [could] play her grandmother.
Not every scene in "Snatched" is quite that successful, but it's very clear that a real effort was made so that nothing was ever tossed off. Every scene has its comic hook - some better, some worse, some hilarious.
The most depressing Mother's Day present since Mommie Dearest, only not half as funny.
Hawn has more to offer than this, and Schumer is the right partner to bring it out of her. But "Snatched" isn't the right vehicle for them.
Snatched piles bad ideas on good ideas and lame bits of gross-out humour on genuinely funny bits of character work, without ever building enough dramatic force or comic energy to craft a full movie from the results.
The movie works when it's Schumer and Hawn's show...
gets too caught up in the surrounding hijinks to make us care about finding the familial connection, or, more importantly, make us laugh during the journey.
How bad did you think "Snatched" could be? It's worse. And the misuse of Hawn is Goldie abuse.
Too bad Hawn is relegated to the dreary role of the risk-averse mother. And Schumer continues to relegate herself to the almost-as-dreary role of the immature millennial.
"Snatched" may represent a failure of sensitivity, but it's an even greater failure of nerve.
Snatched begins as an amiable, amusing story about rekindling a familial bond. Then, alas, the movie decides it needs to get to its plot, which is a dull kidnapping farce that comes laden with some cultural ugliness.
Yes, Snatched has some genuinely funny moments throughout, especially in the first 30 minutes... And there are a few touching mother-daughter moments. But the problems in this movie should not be ignored.
Snatched definitely has its fair share of laughs, but it could've been so much more.
The movie is funnier than most so-called comedies and works as a breezy 90-minute diversion but it's a less ambitious endeavor than Trainwreck.
There are countless moments during which Hawn and Schumer simply stare at each other, seemingly as baffled as I was by the dullness of it all.
[Snatched] works less as a high-concept studio comedy than as a take on estranged mother-daughter dynamics, and it's even a little sweet when it smooths off its nastier edges.
Snatched is entertaining, no question, but in a pleasant, middle-of-the-road kind of way. And from this crowd, you expect more.
Snatched has its fair share of laughs, but the film's attempts at sustaining a legitimate emotional underpinning throughout are unsuccessful, thanks to a lackluster turn from Schumer, and some tiresome writing all across the board.
The movie isn't the gross out comedy it wants to be, it's not the emotionally resonant laugh fest it aims for, and it's certainly not a showcase for how genuinely funny all of these women in comedy can be. But it's also not horrible.
As a showcase of the screen presences of Goldie Hawn and Amy Schumer, it has much of what you expect it offer. And as a story about a mother and a daughter reconnecting, it has more.
I don't fault Schumer for pushing the lines of taste and correctness. I do fault the director, Jonathan Levine, who made the relatively relaxed 50/50 and The Wackness, for his whack-you-over-the-head pacing.
It ... throws enough to curveballs to repay your modest 90-minute investment.
Pairing up talented comedians like Hawn and Schumer with a wacky plotline to match should spell comedy gold, but Snatched is about as cheap and disposable as a tourist trap tchotchke.
We're left with Schumer and Hawn reacting to a variety of improbable crises. Will they make it out alive? You may decide that $12 is too high a ransom to find out.
Schumer may dispense the raunchier punchlines, but Hawn grounds the movie, preventing an exaggerated situation from succumbing to its own silliness.
Schumer, Hawn, Sykes and Cusack, all at the top of their game. Pound-for-pound, the funniest film to be released in theaters this year!
The movie earns a few chuckles, but humour is largely held hostage by a lewd and lazy screenplay that wanders like Billy in The Family Circus.
The kind of material that Hawn probably could have starred in with Sandra Bullock or her own daughter Kate Hudson if she had kept working after 2002.
They should have just stayed home. There was plenty of comedy to be found right there.
Feels like a rough sketch of a movie rather than a fleshed-out joke-dense script.
The tonal shifts derail Snatched, and make me wonder if this premise ever had a chance to get off the ground, no matter who starred in it.
Heavy on sight gags, the movie delivers some raunchy laughs, but they arrive so sporadically as to make for a bumpy ride.
Snatched, starring Amy Schumer and a woefully underused Goldie Hawn, takes a kind of lame premise and squeezes something kind of funny out of it.
Snatched gets the job done without being particularly good at it.
It's great to see these two women together, even if the movie isn't always sure what to do with them.
Schumer gets the best moments in the movie's first half as her character suffers various dating embarrassments; Ike Barinholtz gets them in the second as her geeky older brother.
Snatched is a silly, lighthearted, summer trifle. If you have the time and desire for such a thing, it's there waiting for you.
Snatched fails to tap into the full potential of either of these funny ladies by shoehorning them into this unbecoming genre flick. It's not worth paying the ransom for this one.
Good, raunchy fun with a great comeback role for Goldie Hawn.
Loved it, loved it, loved it, loved it, loved it, loved it, loved it, loved it, loved it, loved it ... and loved it.
[It] will crack you up from start to finish, while also leaving you misty-eyed and wanting to hug your mom.
If you enjoy Snatched at all it will be for one of two reasons, possibly both: you either really like Amy Schumer and her brand of comedy, or...well, okay that's the only reason.
You hope for a meeting of the talented minds of Trainwreck and Private Benjamin, and just get a trainwreck.
No one will ever credit "Snatched" with discovering new comic territory. But it earns its share of laughs by covering some well-trod ground.
Amy Schumer appears to be appropriating the man-child personna of last decade's comedies and it's not a good look.
SNATCHED is caught in a grey area between comedy and action, leaving us with a movie that is neither very funny nor terribly exciting.
"Snatched" could be tighter, more inventive, and settled, but it's funny, and that's truly all that matters here.
Amy Schumer and Goldie Hawn are able to keep the comedy afloat even when it struggles to find momentum.
As an exercise in afternoon cable-channel surfing while dozing in and out from cold medication, it's harmless. But as a summer-launching comic adventure, it's a frustrating waste of everyone's abilities.
It's enormous fun seeing Hawn up to her old tricks - at 71! - even if they're tweaked to help sell someone else's brand of comedy.
The mother-daughter relationship ostensibly at the film's heart is largely reduced to tired jokes about how moms can be overprotective and don't understand how to use Facebook.
It's fairly funny, but something about it feels disappointing.
Funny here and there, but in ways that make the bulk of the formulaic material all the more frustrating.
Snatched is narratively incoherent and often really boring. It's more like an extended sketch show where only every second or third joke works.
Seeing Goldie Hawn again on screen after an absence of 15 years is the greatest pleasure of this mindless, crude comedy in which there are few laughs and much cringing.
Most of the dialogue is pedestrian and decidedly NOT amusing. And "Snatched" is rife with unsavory bathroom references and blatant attempts at sexual humor.
Without a few decidedly funny sight gags, "Snatched", Amy Schumer's new comedy, would be hard-pressed to hold an audience's attention.
A film starring two A-list comediennes should, at the very least, be funny. Snatched fails on this count but also seems to have other ambitions. A talented cast and crew just can't make this film come together, and that's a real shame
Hawn and Schumer's chemistry sizzles...
Snatched is a movie in the flimsiest sense; in terms of craftsmanship, the best that can be said is that it clears the very low bar set by the typo in the expository opening crawl.
"Snatched" is one of those movies that feels like a rough draft of itself.
The picture, diversely cast and refreshingly frank about sex, body image and relationships (kudos for not dwelling on Linda's husband!) belongs to the two leads, who commit to every gag, muddy stunt and tender confession.
Best-case scenario with Snatched is that you are kidnapped and taken from the theater during a screening. Worst case is you are kidnapped and forced to watch this total mess.
While you're waiting for Snatched to appall you, it turns out to be a pretty darn enjoyable movie, one that's winning, sweet at times, and consistently very funny.
What a mess.
Schumer continues to be an audacious, fearless and un-embarrassable comic lightning rod for intimate female sincerity.
Oh, Amy.
So much of the movie feels clear and familiar, only to be sidetracked by someone trying really hard to be funny instead of trusting the storytelling.
A merciful, and mostly painless, 90 minutes.
Snatched is hilarious. It's a downright silly romp, but loaded with big laughs. The supporting cast adds a lot of unexpected humor.
Rote and only intermittently amusing.
Hawn deserves better, and so do audiences who are likely to find themselves losing interest in the kidnapping movie's runaway plot.
While Snatched stars big names in Schumer and Hawn, the ones you'll be remembering are Cusack, Meloni and Barinholtz.
A crime against nature
A profane, wildly scattershot comedy that rides almost entirely on the sheer life force of its two stars.
"Snatched" is a spirited early-summer trifle, not terribly deep but comically inspired where it counts.
Often amusing but rarely shifting into a higher comedic gear, "Snatched" features fun chemistry between Schumer and Hawn, some delightfully goofy moments of stray hilarity, yet not enough story or heart to keep this thin tale afloat.
Can Amy Schumer play something other than a directionless, oversexed thirtysomething who drinks too much but learns a few valuable life lessons before the credits roll? Um, no.
Amy does the heavy lifting, but Goldie--out of practice for fifteen years-- is the one to watch in this generally unfunny kidnap comedy.
This is a seriously weird comeback movie, and one that didn't necessarily need to feature the Goldie Hawn herself. But we'll take what we can get.
Snatched is Hawn's first movie since 2002's The Banger Sisters. Her half-committed performance here, however understandable, suggests she may have regretted the decision to end her semi-retirement.
Mostly, I began to think back on what a better job "Romancing the Stone" once did with similar material. And I began to wish I was at home instead, watching it.
A painfully funny comedy that has a good heart at its center.
One of the happiest surprises of the year...
The movie doesn't seem to have taken a second pass at anything.
A messed-up way to spend Mother's Day
It's ultimately as complacent, self-absorbed and clueless as its heroine, and not always in an especially amusing way.
An aggressively cartoonish mother-daughter vacation-from-hell comedy that never strays far from the fractious, one-note surface.
A fitfully amusing, entirely disposable mother-daughter caper that's elevated a notch by its gifted central duo and capable direction from Jonathan Levine.
An uninspired, scattershot disaster romp that mostly serves the talents of one half of the marquee pairing, underuses the other half, and struggles to blend R-rated humor, foreign misadventure, and an oil-and-water mother-daughter dynamic.

@highlight

Snatched has a pair of terrifically talented stars, but their presence isn't enough to compensate for this rote comedy's threadbare plot and scattershot laughs.