Um sub-Jade (e quem se lembra daquele longa dirigido por William Friedkin sabe o que ser um "sub-Jade" significa) que teria sido lançado diretamente no Cine Privê da Band caso não contasse com um elenco tão célebre.
An indigestible concoction of ingredients thrown together without the benefit of any serious consideration of logic.
When you advertise an erotic thriller and then give us a comedy, that's deception in any language.
A slick, cat-and-mouse thriller that unfolds with sharply-diminishing plausibility.
It is about as erotic as a midweek National Express coach journey to Hitchin.
The film plays like two movies in one and they are sadly somewhat in conflict with one another.
Stylishly directed and superbly acted but ultimately disappointing thriller, thanks to an over-familiar plot and some laughably bad dialogue.
This film would make a perfect commercial thriller for James Spader and Rob Lowe were it still 1994.
The all-too-obvious script weaknesses didn't spoil my fascination with the premise and where it took us. It also afforded me a whole new look at Williams.
stin Ameriki de tha 'paize stis aithoyses an i Fox den eihe ton Wolverine (2009) na erhetai (gia na kanei ta hatiria toy protagonisti toy). Se pio kathysterimenes agores (bl. Ellada) kollaei kalytera (sti premiera gia tis Mazes egine psilopatimos), kai st
There's not a twist in this flimsy and moth-eaten plot that isn't both contrived and transparent and not a character who hasn't been hopelessly manipulated by the needs of the narrative.
All of the lead actors involved are far above the material. If they weren't involved it probably would have premiered on Cinemax at 3a.m.
You'd think that with all the focus groups and test marketing Hollywood does that somewhere along the line someone would have said, "hey, don't you think this one strains credibility a bit too much?"
[Deception is] sluggish when it should be nimble, explanatory when things are clear, and loose with logic when rigor would be more apt.
(Deception) is a perfect example of an interesting plotline mixed in with some really cheesy and sappy moments.
Ultimately, the movie packs less erotic heat than even Horton Hears a Who! or Young@Heart.
...a hopeless 'erotic thriller' that, as it happens, is neither...
wants us to get all hot and bothered watching a status bar on an electronic funds transfer
(This film is) not worthy of the work of Jackman, McGregor, and cinematographer Dante Spinotti. Not bad for an hour, but the ending is worse than ludicrous.
Everything is wrong pretty much from the start of this misbegotten adventure in Adrian Lyne territory, including but not limited to the strained mind games that drive the plot, and the tentative New York accents on the actors from Australia and Scotland.
Deception isn't deceiving anybody, except maybe the folks who slapped that idiotically generic title on it.
Detective Russo is bored with the story John tells her as soon as she hears it. And so, you feel instantly aligned with her, again, long steps ahead of all the shenanigans.
...an agreeable little thriller that benefits substantially from the uniformly stellar performances...
Deceptively dull
It's as if they took a Hitchcock movie and dropped the style and IQ level about 85 percent.
If some of the obvious "spoiliers" and plot holes had been addressed early on, Deception might have been the thriller it intended to be.
In this case, audiences are deceived.
So when does enigmatic become incoherent? In the hands of an inept, inxperienced director.
'Deception' ends up as a splendid illustration of how acting skill can sometimes overcome a number of cinematic sins.
Can a movie title be so unthinkably bad that it single-handedly ruins the viewing experience? As it turns out, yes.
The most intriguing mystery may be the poor performance lately of Wall Street, as Deception suggests a yen for hard core kinky private sex clubs among the financial swells, that could be distracting them from proper concentration on money management.
It also doesn't help that the final reel reeks of preposterous event turns.
The kind of edge-of-your-seat sexual thriller that grabs you and doesn't let go.
If you want a film to have this many twists, don't name it Deception. That would be like naming Citizen Kane something like It's a Sled.
A would-be erotic thriller with no heat and zero chills, Deception has the kind of glassy, glossy sheen and risible story that mean to suggest Basic Instinct but instead invoke lesser laughers like Jade and Sliver.
Despite a cast that includes double-crossers Hugh Jackman and Ewan McGregor and Michelle Williams caught in the middle, the film is a yawn.
It's a b-movie lark that aspires to something more and falls short, and the less you expect in the way of believability, the more enjoyable it is.
The inevitable absurdities and coincidences of the plot are easy enough to accept along the way, except perhaps for the sex club, which is just a little too absurd to function as a plot device.
It's supposed to be about the two guys, played by Ewan McGregor and Hugh Jackman, but they both fade next to Williams' incandescent talent.
Everyone, including Madrid, looks terrific, but Deception delivers on no other level, except perhaps as a guide to various New York hotel rooms.
An overwrought and ultimately silly thriller.
High in gloss and light on brains.
There's only one good con game going on here. And it's the studio's sneaky plot to nimbly pick $11 from your pocket.
Is there anything more boring than watching $20 million being electronically trans ferred to an offshore bank account? Maybe it's someone repeatedly barking 'You have no idea what I'm capable of!' into a cellphone.
Every actor has a few titles on his résumé that he'd love to forget. So should you ever have the opportunity to meet Deception stars Hugh Jackman and Ewan McGregor, we highly recommend you pretend this movie was never made.
The plot comes together in Madrid in a whirl of multimillion-dollar swindles and gunplay, and for all its contrived surprises, it has the feel of a well-designed mousetrap snapping shut.
Overly deliberate, quite preposterous thriller.
Deception would be laughably bad if it weren't so rotely inert.
Predictable double-cross piles on predictable double-cross, leading to a conclusion so shocking, you could have knocked me over with a wrecking ball.
Judged entirely below the belt it's almost worth watching, but from the heart on up it's just not a good enough lie to be entertaining.
Deception is one of those films that leave you feeling vaguely dirty and wholly unsatisfied, a distasteful and wholly unbelievable mix of soft porn and obvious duplicity that holds not one ounce of emotional truth.
Deception recalls the fantasies of Showtime's soft-core series Red Shoe Diaries. It's often tastefully laughable.
What can compare with the white-knuckle suspense of uploading a file?
Calling your terrible crime thriller Deception is like naming your bad cooking movie Food -- an advertisement for laziness.
If anything, this film nearly rivals 88 Minutes for sheer stupidity, and by the time the central mysteries start speeding to their resolutions I was almost doubled over in fits of unintentional side-splitting laughter.
Deception is star-filled and competently crafted, but so afraid of real sexuality that it instead offers us soft-lit perfume-ad images, and is erroneously convinced that moviegoers won't be able to spot lazy storytelling once their glasses are steamed up
Williams has no chance to create a character, and McGregor's is one big -- no, slender -- cliche. And if it's fun at first to see Jackman acting urbane instead of all Wolverine-like, by the end he's just another brute in a suit.
This is one slick flick about a world most of us will never experience. 'Deception' almost pulls it off ---- almost.
If the filmmakers were expecting to dupe their audience with Hitchcock-like twists, then they severely underestimated the intelligence of the average moviegoer.
It's almost as if someone involved let the cat out of the bag figuring that angry critics are certainly better for your career than angry, pissed-off fans. (Hugh, I'm looking at you.)
This is one of those films where as long as you don't know what's going on it's interesting, but once everything is revealed you start noticing all the plot holes.
Mildly titillating, but not very good.
An accountant's sex fantasy, Deception is the story of an audit gone deliciously bad.
Simultanously silly and sleep-inducing.
The director, Swiss-born Marcel Langenegger, has the knack of being able to distract you from the plot's excesses.
Deception will deceive very few viewers as an all-too-obvious setup leads to a foregone conclusion featuring forgettable characters.
Frankly there's nothing sadder in the world than to watch a sex-laden film unable to climax properly.
[D]espite a fair amount of suspense and good performances from all three leads, this is one of those films where [the central] scheme ... depends on a million little unpredictable details breaking properly.
Despite its timid title, Deception has all the right ingredients for a decent tale of mystery. The real mystery is why this strong beginning led to such a weak and conventional conclusion.
Wolverines and Cougars aside, there are more than one strokes responsible for violating their own rules and putting a name on the film that is only an introduction to what's wrong with it.
Wants to be as dirty, sexy and thrilling as Basic Instinct, but it's more like Eyes Wide Shut or Basic Instinct 2.
Anyone who's ever seen any kind of twisty thriller will know who's in on it, how and why.
Trading in shabby trickery, Deception proves painfully incapable of building a better suspense-movie mousetrap.
To his credit, Langenegger keeps things relatively simple instead of resorting to lots of fast cutting and fancy camera angles. To his detriment, the picture he has made barely moves at all.
A bore.
From the nondescript title on down, Deception is a movie made to be forgotten.
You don't have to be a genius to find yourself several steps ahead of this helpfully titled mystery thriller.
A thin thriller, burdened by clunky dialogue and prone to telegraphing its twists.
A generic thriller with a generic title, Deception is so predictable you could guess what happens even if the trailer hadn't already given away just about every important plot development.
This boring, obvious and overly stylish cat-and-mouse thriller offers fewer thrills than a 'Tom and Jerry' cartoon.
Never less than watchable.
[I] was able to use my amazing powers of observation to deduce that McGregor's character was being set up. How, you ask? By taking note of the fact that the name of the movie is Deception.
As thriller storytelling, however, Deception cannot get enough of the obvious. Each major story revelation is so flagrantly telegraphed, when the revelations arrive they're more like fax confirmation sheets of what already came through.
Has enough holes to keep Tiger Woods busy for a week.
Deception is another example of when genre-fication (the forcing of otherwise intriguing stories into the straitjackets of horror, thriller or other genres) reduces our entertainment to head-shaking banality.
It's the kind of movie that would have even Cinemax subscribers yelling things like, "Wait a minute, how could he%u2014?" and "Oh, hold on now, that doesn't make sense!"
Deception collapses into such a ridiculous pile of plot twists and double crosses, that there's nothing pleasurable about it -- guilty or otherwise. It tries to deceive us into thinking it makes sense.
Deception offers a fantasy even big money can't buy -- Wall Street as a cross between a James Bond adventure and a Victoria's Secret spread.
Deception is kind of like the Oscars. Both plod lamely at the beginning, milking inane dialogue, before trying to squeeze far too much into the last little bit.
As a thriller Deception isn't deceptive or thrilling enough; it's like a puzzle one can put together too easily and, when finished, doesn't reveal much of value.
There is a deception being perpetrated in movie theaters of late, and Deception is part of the ruse.
The lack of a proper title is only the first sign that it's barely half-baked.
First time director Marcel Langenegger delivers a slick thriller that looks great, even though its plot points may not always make total sense





@highlight

Deception is a middling, predictable potboiler with mediocre dialogue and ludicrous plot twists.