There are some great moments of cross-cultural transference and culture clash captured by Delpy's dynamic camera, which organically flows between the conversations and social mishaps of her characters.
Witty romcom explores realistic relationship; graphic talk.
Delpy has made something rare: a romantic comedy that feels spontaneous and handcrafted ( ... )
2 Days in Paris is a mix of awful Woody Allen and mental masturbation.
A shoddy, sour handheld-video excursion
It often feels a touch aimless, wandering about without much of a plot to rely upon. But in the end, 2 Days in Paris manages to be a pleasant enough diversion.
There are funny jokes here and there, and of course Paris is lovely, but watching the two principals kvetch, moan, complain, obsess, and imagine illnesses for two hours gets quite tiring.
Delpy makes mistakes in this film by providing unnecessary narration... and assumptions about the audience from politics to sexual awareness
If Woody Allen's neurotic Alvy and Diane Keaton's Annie in Annie Hall had borne children it's a good bet they would have turned out like Marion (Julie Delpy) and Jack (Adam Goldberg) in 2 Days in Paris.
Deeply romantic without being sentimental.
First off, you have to like complainers, otherwise Adam Goldberg will drive you nuts.
...an impressive, funny urban comedy of manners from a suitably distinctive voice that I hope we'll hear again soon.
Delpy's banter is quick and funny, and the whole film feels wonderfully improvised.
An almost Brechtian analysis of what happens to a relationship after that magic hour.
The film is character-driven with dialogue that flows as naturally as the River Seine.
(Has) an acerbic sense of humor and a fantastic ear for struggling-relationship dialogue.
The satirical probe of modern love among the not so young and restless is infectiously delightful.
If "Before Sunset" gave us Paris in all its Bohemian romance, Delpy almost gleefully shows us the dingy, crabby flip side of the city here.
A vanity project? Hardly; more like the work of an accomplished filmmaker who knew exactly what type of movie she wanted to make.
The closest anyone has come to making a Woody Allen film apart from Allen himself. Moreover, she's made a good Woody Allen film.
I could easily spend another couple of days in Paris with the whole lot of them.
Is there nothing that Julie Delpy can't do?
A movie that is as acutely painful as it is acutely funny.
Save yourself the aggravation of 2 Days in Paris.
Simply put, it's the worst film I've seen in ages.
We're happy to tag along with Delpy and Goldberg, like unacknowledged but not unwelcome friends.
There are certainly worse ways to kill 90 odd minutes of one's time than spending two days in Paris in the estimable company of "Woody" (Adam) and "Mia" (Julie).
All in all, Delpy has a good time mocking national identities and gender issues, but she doesn't make a case for Marion and Jack to stay together. If she doesn't care about them as a couple, why should we?
Smug and grating, having the form of the low-key Richard Linklater films Delpy has worked on but none of the substance.
The last time I laughed so hard at a movie, it was Nigel Tufnel telling us his amplifier went to 11.
It's no Before Sunset, but this honest and sometimes uproarious film ultimately feels more like escargot than fried pork rinds.
For all the comedy, there is an emotional thriller at play here that is as riveting as the one-liners are disarming
For this contemporary romantic outing, Delpy serves as writer, director, composer, editor and star. The most surprising thing may be that the film ultimately doesn't come across like a vanity project.
There's great honesty in her portrayal of rocky romance, especially toward the end of the film, when Delpy explores the heartbreak of serial monogamy and its endless cycle of the not-forever.
2 Days in Paris proves Delpy's got an authentic ear for humor in two languages, and she turns the dewy-eyed notion of Paris as a city for lovers firmly and affectionately on its tête.
Bright and engaging a great deal of the time, but it ends up exhausted.
Delpy does the old-[Woody] Allen thing a lot better than most, and does for Paris what Allen did for Manhattan, making it look newly romantic even to those who have lived there all their lives.
Delpy may have intended to craft a paean to couples who commit to learning everything about each other before settling down. But at its brightest and most chipper it's about an intoxicating lightness of being.
Brilliantly written, superbly acted and hysterically funny, this is easily one of the best films of the year.
Two Days in Paris is a romantic comedy, so it doesn't labour the disappointments of its lovers, merely stating them with a smile on its face.
This is a rom-com with an authentically bitter aftertaste. It's also very funny.
Sharply written, neatly performed and frequently hilarious comedy that manages to be warm and witty.
This slight, intermittently funny squib is a promising signpost.
A playful, waspish remix of Richard Linklater's Before Sunset.
A very likable, smart, offbeat film.
The news that the 38-year-old gamine has not only directed Two Days in Paris but produced, written, edited, written the music for and starred in it might be slightly terrifying to all but Delpy obsessives. But it's great.
Watchable stuff, but doesn't quite work as the relationship drama it sets out to be.
A playful comedy, which shows off a wicked sense of humour and a real understanding of relationships.
2 Days is a sparky, crowd-cheering gem buoyed by Julie Delpy's smart writing and Adam Goldberg's tart whining. Less swoony than Linklater's Before Sunrise/Sunset, but Delpy nails the relationship humour.
Partly a study of cross-national relationships and partly a homecoming comedy on Delpy's part, 'Two Days in Paris' neatly balances stabs at both America and the French.
Quirky, fresh and sharply intelligent. A promising debut for director Delpy, both thought-provoking and painfully funny.
Goldberg and Delpy also give their characters a wistful charm, and Delpy's zippy, dialog-heavy screenplay sparkles with wit.
Goldberg plays the hapless- victim role to perfection. Forget two days %u2014 you could watch him stew for a week.
Despite issues with Julie Delpy's direction and editing, this is a pleasant delight and an exciting harbinger of better things to come from this perceptive young filmmaker.
the film's narrative journey is too superficial to accommodate the late shift in tone from light French farce to a more sober reflection on love, aging and loneliness.
Delpy has a knack for finding just the right details; filming in her own hometown, she fills the movie with funny cross-cultural observances.
It's possible to watch 2 Days in Paris and have absolutely no idea who's calling the shots. This is excellent news because it means that we gain a director without losing an actress.
The movie's a trifle, but an amusing one, especially for Woody Allen fans and other neurotics.
As [Woody] Allen made New York seem like a real, lived-in place, Delpy gives us that same easy proximity to Paris.
Satirical and casual in its approach, and Delpy's grasp of the material is assured.
[Delpy has] created two original, quirky characters so obsessed with their differences that Paris is almost a distraction. I don't think I heard a single accordion in the whole film.
Sweet and discreet.
A smart and funny respite from most of what passes for romantic comedy these days.
2 Days in Paris may seem familiar, with its manic, walking-and-talking rhythms reminiscent of Woody Allen and Diane Keaton in the 1970s. But you never know where it's going, which is one of the film's greatest pleasures.
Basically a wryly observed talkathon, the picture hits a few rough patches but is mostly a charming confection.
The movie is an eloquent demonstration of the chaos of relationships both romantic and familial, and of the confusing interpenetration of our past and present selves. It is also hilarious virtually from start to finish.
...a female-made romance that largely takes the male's point of view.
This is a strong and assured debut behind the camera for Delpy and I am curious and eager to see what she does next.
Has enough mad, passionate moments to make it at least worth a look.
Vanity project? Maybe. Anybody who writes, directs, edits and stars is called auteur or vain, sometimes depending upon their sex, but Julie Delpy's directorial debut, if derivative, is gutsy enough too.
In the first part of the film, the script zips along with plenty of laughs but the biggest problem is that the characters, in particular Marion, become increasingly difficult to like.
Delpy is such an infectiously appealing personality, she almost wills this movie to work. And for laughs, Goldberg has some pretty funny moments as an eternally frazzled, put-upon neurotic who hates Paris and the French.
Viewers may be disappointed when they realize not only that [the film] isn't a Paris Hilton sex tape but that Delpy has already exhausted her insight about relationships.
Delpy's skill, which is considerable and wide-ranging, points to better, fuller films in her directorial future.
Overall 2 Days in Paris works because it offers awkward and real but ultimately hopeful observations about the way relationships work -- and again, sometimes don't work.
Ms. Delpy and Mr. Goldberg are clearly talented and versatile enough to make a more plausible and convincing couple, but the helter-skelter view of Paris in this film never gives them the chance.
I thought it really captured what happens to couples often when they're not in their home base.
As director, Delpy moves her fine cast with precision and grace. As screenwriter, she exhibits a sure hand at comedy. And, as an actress, she shows a wonderfully assured presence.
What the movie lacks in originality it certainly makes up for in delicious comedy.
A very funny romantic tale that creatively plays around with the cultural clashes between Americans and French men and women.
Some of it is funny and insightful; some makes you cringe. But it's still entertaining.
It's about finding someone whose assets outweigh the flaws and hoping that that person is mature enough to do the same for you. Weighty and downbeat though that sounds, [Delpy's] film is delightfully light.
Delpy's humor [runs] to the black and the tossed off -- rather like her rather casual shooting style. She's more interested in hasty impressions than in formal elegance.
Delpy's script is less a tale than it is a series of character-revealing snapshots, so the personalities are all we have to work with. And they are not personalities that wear well at feature length.
The movie is just a situation salad, at least until the end, when things start to pull together a bit.
Delpy wrote the dialogue that gives the film its forward thrust, and 2 Days is a wonderful first feature.
It's mostly a light and funny comedy of manners, and sexual manners at that. The neat trick is that under the laughs are some dark little truths about men and women.
The film [has] a wonderfully natural, comfy feel. Delpy is worth watching both in front of and behind the camera.
For all the verbal jokery, it's more tragedy than farce.
Julie Delpy's and Adam Goldberg's performances are so assured and spontaneous that they don't even seem to be acting.
Delpy's script is light and bouncy, her direction of the material allowing it to deftly move around corners and into emotional interiors with a buttery ease that's almost sublime.
It's uncomfortable to take a negative stance against something that is so plainly a labor of love. But the sad truth is that the movie doesn't offer enough to make it interesting or even diverting.
Delpy's wry, acerbic sense of humor and privileged perspective make her the ultimate outsider-insider, perfectly positioned to ask the most astute questions.
That this one is even bearable is a surprise; that it's occasionally insightful and hilarious is a treat.
This got its financing due to two lines, one about oral sex and the other about condoms. That accurately sums up the intellectual level of this 96-minute monotony.
Much of the nattery byplay seems improvised, and the results are very hit and miss -- inspired contretemps alternate with gabfests that seem to go on forever.
Delpy wrangles her metaphors without showing too much strain, and the performances are too lovely and guileless to fault.
As 2 Days in Paris zings along from one overamped frogs-vs.-Yanks cliché to the next, two things happen: Delpy's direction begins to give the characters more air and space, and you adjust to its hectic pace.
[Delpy] stages it with a funny and diverting improv-y flow.
Subtle and off-handed, gentle and relaxed, and utterly hysterical.
With the dithery Marion playing off Jack's nattering nebbish of negativism, Delpy invokes the Woody Allen-Diane Keaton chemistry of the '70s as consciously as Allen referenced the European art movies of the '60s.
The movie should be seen with a large, responsive audience -- the better to live with it in the moment instead of worrying about where it's going.
This is not a vanity project. It is an insanity project.
Makes one wonder if Delpy isn't unconsciously working through some residual, latent anger at Before Sunset co-star Ethan Hawke.
Though very much in the vein of Woody Allen 70s comedies and showing influence of mentor Richard Linklater, this personal walking-and-talking dramedy expresses a distinct female POV, with Delpy the writer-helmer more critical of the femme than the man.
French actress/writer/director Julie Delpy ("Before Sunset") fails miserably with this Paris-set romantic farce where American girly-man Jack (Adam Goldberg) learns to loathe his slutty bipolar girlfriend Marion (Delpy).
Fortunately for all parties involved, Delpy goes beyond the mere comedy of embarrassment, though to be sure there is plenty of that as well.
A pair with good chemistry who are ultimately mismatched--he a neurotic New Yorker and she a man-hungry Parisian--make for solid comedy entertainment.
The best thing about 2 Days in Paris: It's self-absorbed yet unselfconscious. In other words, Delpy doesn't take herself too seriously.
Delpy and her co-star Adam Goldberg make a pitch for the talky, neurosis-ridden wit and pace of vintage Woody Allen, and most of the time they hit the spot.
An utterly charming comedy of sexual manners that should do very well wherever audiences appreciate savvy dialogue and smart, observational filmmaking.
An entertaining, deliciously played walk-and-talker by helmer-writer-star Julie Delpy and co-star Adam Goldberg.
A quirky and smart multicultural arthouse comedy.






@highlight

Delpy proves not only to be an adept actress, but makes her mark as a writer and director in this thought-provoking comedy that breaks the romantic comedy mold.