Coppola's film is about what she knows; she's obviously more ambitious than her apathetic and self-obsessed characters, but she probably knows a few of them. Far from perfect, but a solid beginning.
While all the young actors are committed to their characters (though none of them particularly stand out), this film will likely drown in its own nothingness as far more thought-provoking teenage fare continues to prevail.
Just because the kids can't make sense of their acting out doesn't mean the film shouldn't try to.
The real headline is Coppola herself, though. I may not love Palo Alto but its substance and style are singular enough that I am keen to see what she does next.
The reality is that for many, [these] four years are marked by a more moderate, complicated set of things, and not the relentless bleakness displayed in [the] film.
The drama is scaled to just the right size: kids get into trouble or inadvisable situations, but there are no major melodramatics. We see them in their natural habitat.
James Franco's collection of autobiographical short stories is adapted into a remarkably evocative film by Gia Coppola, granddaughter of Francis.
Another week, another glacial outing from the ever-expanding Coppola clan depicting the oh so beautiful emptiness of American teenage wildlife.
Palo Alto is as fuzzy, scattered and aimless as its protagonists' lives.
The story tends to meander but the kids' ups and downs are delicately observed and the performances, especially from Roberts, are never less than believable.
The director Gia Coppola (granddaughter of Francis Ford Coppola) gets under the skin of protagonists who seem like pampered, listless delinquents on the surface but who all turn out to be lost souls.
Palo Alto might not be the cream of the teen movie crop, but there's evidence here that the reputation of Coppola clan - which is now entering its third generation of directors - is in safe hands.
This dreamy tale of wasted youth provides a familiar yet authentic portrait of the teenage experience.
If you've seen Dazed and Confused, Thirteen and/or The Myth of the American Sleepover you'll know exactly what's coming.
All of this is potentially irritating to say the least, and yet, despite the junior star entitlement and teen-angst cliches, the film is unexpectedly engaging.
Gia Coppola's debut about the teen experience has a lyricism that transcends James Franco's mediocre source.
The four stars all give solid, nuanced performers, but it's Roberts whose the stand out - capturing the bewidlerment of adolescence perfectly.
What separates this from a pack of high school dramas is the isolation everyone feels, as well as the lack of sensationalism when it comes to portraying their acts of rebellion.
With a distinct visual sensibility, Gia proves she's one more Coppola to watch.
Yet another tale of disaffected, overprivileged teens.
It might not feel fresh but Palo Alto feels real, honest and moving. An impressive debut by an exciting new talent.
it holds together through the performances and a stylistic integrity; Coppola's voice is quiet but firm.
I was particularly impressed by Jack Kilmer and Nat Wolff. Those two central performances are very strong.
The performances are excellent and the result is an altogether sympathetic, if not entirely original film, from the latest member of a talented movie dynasty.
Coppola clearly has the filmmaking gene. Further, by collaborating with James Franco (on whose stories the film is loosely based), she injects much-needed adult counterpoint. The casting is mostly good.
A moody depiction of the ever-changing, impressionable teenage years is the subject matter of Gia Coppola's film, exploring the colours, textures, pauses and events that fill complex Californian days and nights
A meditative contemplation of the boredom of overprivileged, under-aspiring, shallow, spoiled kids. As you've been dying to see.
... neither shocking nor insightful in its portrayal of brooding, disenfranchised California teenagers dealing with peer pressure and irresponsible adults.
A group of bored white suburban teens, entitled up to their eyeballs, do increasingly stupid things that we're supposed to be concerned about. I wasn't.
Kilmer and Robert's tender, heartfelt performances give real depth to familiar coming-of-age pangs and pinings.
A simplistic and overly-familiar take on teenage existence, with all the adults portrayed as either clueless or subtly abusive, leaving the world-weary kids to struggle unaided with the harsh realities of life.
A pale imitation of the early novels of Bret Easton Ellis, who wrote about young ennui and aimlessness from the inside out.
Ultimately, "Palo Alto" is a messy yet haunting portrait of a particular time in life.
Angst-riddled yet assured debut by third-generational filmmaker Gia Coppola.
James Franco's unintentionally-LOL-worthy collection of short stories has been condensed, refined, & infinitely bettered by writer-director Gia Coppola, who, as you can imagine from her stock, is more than capable of sorting the wheat from Franco's chaff.
One way Gia Coppola deals with privileges is by recognizing and revealing their limits.
Not a particularly precocious debut, in the context of the Coppola dynasty, but nevertheless feels much like the work of a very young if talented person who has yet to discover a unique voice.
The movie brings back all the emotional flotsam of youth, and lets the viewer scavenge the debris for lost treasure.
When it sets out to capture some of the meandering aimlessness of teenagehood, it succeeds.
What her film lacks in novelty and momentum, it makes up for it in atmosphere. That, in the end, can be a more difficult thing to capture, and will serve her well as her career matures.
Typical lifestyles of the ennui-ridden overprivileged, but there are moments of near brilliance and an ending that makes up for much.
Should come with a warning: may cause optic nerve damage as a result of excessive eye-rolling
"Palo Alto" is "Fast Times at Ridgemont High" without the wit; "River's Edge" without the depth. It's like reading a first novel by a talented writer who has something to say but isn't yet sure how to say it.
As lovely as it sometimes is, what this film needs is a little more shape and a little less ambience. It's a delicate balance admittedly tricky to achieve, but one that is clearly within the capability of this talented new filmmaker.
It's accurate to say that "Palo Alto" is another movie by another Coppola about the lives of the rich, bored and disaffected, but that description sells the movie short.
While it shows Coppola has talent, it's also as aimless as her characters' self-absorbed, self-medicated, joyless lives.
Makes us appreciate Gus Van Sant all over again.
It's wonderfully shot, with moments of rawness, but Coppola can't shake the suffocating been-there, done-that atmosphere of the film.
"Palo Alto" is good at capturing the aimless rhythms of teenagedom, from party to car to school to party. It doesn't always make for compelling viewing, but it certainly feels accurate.
That Coppola finds occasional grace and spirit here shows understanding and compassion. Her next assignment? Make a movie that's not about the troubles of the privileged and bored.
These slippery slices of life feel like the most honest, relevant film portrait of adolescence in ages.
"Palo Alto" feels earnest and promising, but half-formed.
One misty night in northern California (played by SoCal's San Fernando Valley) bleeds into another in Palo Alto, our grasp on these characters just as tenuous in the end as it was in the beginning.
Coppola is obviously shooting for something as profound as 'The Perks of Being a Wallflower,' but winds up with a story every bit as superficial as her Aunt Sophia's insufferable 2013 bomb, 'The Bling Ring.'
Smells like teen spirit. Nice moments, along with enough children of the famous to start a football team.
The often self-destructive manner in which they express their nascent disillusionment may not be universal, but the feelings themselves certainly are.
Coppola shows genuine interest in emotional detail, and it accumulates into a depth of real feeling.
A slice-of-life story that does a good job italicizing how little moments in the big scheme of things can seem like monumental disasters while one is in high school.
It's hard getting past the benign "menace" of the gangs, the corny out-of-touchness of the parentals, the stodgy morality of it all.
Evaporates when it's over like bong smoke.
"Palo Alto" has a strong feel for youthful fumblings that fall between self-pity and self-definition, and it's especially wise about the parallel world of American adolescents ...
The adaptation of this coming-of-age tale is stylishly brought to the screen, even if it feels a bit light on substance.
The movie often recalls Larry Clark's early work in its effortless authenticity, though in contrast to his emotional brutality, the tone here is gentle and understanding.
"Palo Alto" is something to watch and afterward say, "Yes, high school is something like that, isn't it?" That makes this film almost but not quite worth the investment.
Palo Alto marks one of those rare films that is so accurate in its portrayal of characters that the movie suffers for it.
There's authenticity as the teenagers feel tempted and/or trapped, and adults sometimes do more talking than listening.
The drawback is the usual one: a standard young-adult novel view of adults as predatory, clueless, patronizing, grotesque...yet the director evokes that terrible time of waiting around, locked out of childhood and adulthood alike.
While "Palo Alto" might not point the teen genre into revolutionary new directions, it does achieve a major goal: Putting its talented filmmaker and cast on the cinematic map.
Coppola finds a dreamlike drift to her first feature, suffused and detached, a woozy memory or a memory of a memory of a memory. You were there. You don't remember, really. But that sensation: I was there. So slight and so right.
[Palo Alto] is a lovely debut film, and a strong expression of just how it feels to be a teenager struggling to figure out your place in the world.
The catalogue of petty derelictions and frustrated yearnings is anchored by no inner world, framed by no context, and there's nothing distinctive in the twenty-six-year-old Gia Coppola's direction.
Functions more as a slice of teen life narrative than a coming-of-age story, as its characters never grow enough to fulfill the demands of the latter genre.
From the first few scenes in Palo Alto it's obvious Gia Coppola is a natural director.
While the film is slow, it is not uninvolving. In fact, the way Coppola directs, it has a compelling feeling of potential tragedy...off of this, Gia looks like a real comer as a director.
Moody coming-of-age drama has sex, drinking, language.
The latest Coppola behind the lens has served notice -- it will be interesting to see how she follows up. If pedigree is any indicator, the future holds brightness.
Coppola's thing is bottling up the California feel of sunny abandon, then marrying it to that way-station period when high school ends and college -- or just real life -- starts.
[The] film's profound identification with its teenage characters is ultimately its saving grace.
"Palo Alto" is a very strong first feature, prioritizing mood over message.
In his first film role, Kilmer, with his gentle star quality, turns recessive indecision into something worth watching.
In the end, it's all a bit too slight and self-pitying to truly engage our interest; not so much "Less Than Zero" as less than compelling.
The film is so severe, so dramatic in its portrait of suffering youth that it starts to asphyxiate the audience.
Franco's stories, sometimes coarse and flimsy on the page, operate like launch pads for a slew of fresh, frisky performers. But the delicacy of the movie's narrative and its almost mystical thread of yearning come from Coppola.
Conjures a delicate, very specific sense of middle-class adolescence, the indeterminate, nascent feelings of the teenage years.
Palo Alto doesn't play like a ticking time bomb. Instead, the film is empathetic to a fault ...
It's a drifty, appealing story, set in the Northern California city that gives the movie its title, about that twilight period between childhood's end and the start of young adulthood.
This film is an accurate, if not wholly engaging, depiction of young life at a cross-roads. Whether anyone made it across is not the point...it's that there was an effort made to at all.
Long after the movie was finished I found myself drifting back to "Palo Alto"...it doesn't have a tidy wrap-up, and that's one of the many traits of high school life it gets right.
Offers an empathetic account of teenage tribulations but also makes a good case for why the phrase "troubled youth" is needlessly tautological.
Palo Alto doesn't hit you over the head with hipness. It sidles up to you, gets whispery close, then sidles away again, leaving behind an enveloping vapor that lingers for a sweet long time.
The film is beautifully acted, shot (cinematography by Autumn Durald, whose evening exteriors are stunning) and edited (Leo Scott, "Trash Humpers"), Coppola achieving a film that flows in story, visuals, sound and music
"Palo Alto" is a delicate tapestry of suburban gothic, romance and realism, with a surprising sweetness at its core and a wonderful star performance from Emma Roberts.
Gia Coppola's film is an interesting, downbeat mood piece that may not climax conventionally, but is still a hypnotic and ambitious meditation on teen life.
Coppola was only 26 when she made "Palo Alto." There's a striking maturity, though, to her lushly shot, nonjudgmental observation of teen life in a wealthy California suburb.
It's essentially plotless and slowly paced ... but astutely observed, full of fine performances ...
[Coppola's] sense of visual composition, which betrays a Gus Van Sant influence, ensures that Palo Alto remains interesting to look at even as it runs out of ideas.
It's about the blank spaces in teenage heads and lives, and what they do to fill them.
Palo Alto displays a keen eye and ear for teenage interaction.
A thoughtful, dreamlike (at times, nightmarish) tour through the day-to-day lives of several suburban California teens.
"Palo Alto" doesn't chart any new ground, but its derivativeness isn't as grating as it should be.
Gia Coppola has taken the hazy danger of the well-heeled teen into another era of whatever-glam.
The plotlessness of Palo Alto is its own kind of structure, forming an irregular net studded with both golden promise and opportunities for its characters to make some very bad decisions.
Coppola doesn't let these kids off the hook for their stupid decisions, of which they make many, but she's not judging them for their folly, either.
This entertaining narrative is probably a realistic view of what high-school life is like for privileged Californians.
A disturbingly plausible meditation on teen life in America as seen through the eyes of the talented Gia Coppola, Palo Alto is an absolutely stunning accomplishment.
Director Gia Coppola makes a very impressive debut.
Mr. Franco must have had a very boring adolescence, because Palo Alto is a very boring movie.
It presents little that wasn't already done better in Myth of the American Sleepover, an equally evocative tale of longing that was far more successful at matching teen tropes with atmospheric naturalism.
The film itself veers dangerously towards tedium, but it saves itself with interesting stylistic choices and stellar performances from its three young leads.
...a passable debut that could (and should) have been much, much better.
It'd be a mistake to be scared off by the subject matter, so often a vehicle for moralism: suburban teenagers hang out around town, go to parties, hook up, are annoying or sweet.
Borrowing liberally from the likes of "Kids" and "Elephant," first-time feature director Gia Coppola's "Palo Alto" is a largely familiar portrait of teen angst, but it's also a fairly accomplished one.
A promising debut from a third-generation Coppola.
The film overstays its welcome a touch and ultimately feels fairly disposable, simply due to how well-trodden the territory is. But it's still a strong and soulful debut from Coppola.
Gia Coppola proves to have quite the eye, if not quite the natural storytelling instinct of her cinematic kin, serving up a remarkably assured feature debut with "Palo Alto."
One of the best movies ever made about high school life in America.
An example of how to turn been-there-done-that material into something luminous.
This is an accomplished film that does not condescend to teenagers.

@highlight

A promising debut for director Gia Coppola, Palo Alto compensates for its drifting plot with solid performances and beautiful cinematography.