Not an enjoyable watch, but in its own way it is exhilarating.
As an expression of a great script, it really can't be beat.
Head of the direction duties, James Foley, strings it together well, making it harmonise like the musical piece it has succeeded to be.
As you would expect from a Mamet play, the dialogue sizzles.
...the most effective big-screen translation of a Mamet stage play.
The overall film, writing and acting are so darn good that I watched it and then immediately started it over again.
For anyone who loves sharp dialogue, compelling characters, and a stinging social rebuke, Glengarry Glen Ross is not to be missed.
Mamet reveals his exceptional talent for writing almost poetic working-class vernacular, scores his major implicit thematic thrusts against the nature of the way business-at-large is conducted.
Mamet has a special gift for drawing portriats of lowlifers who are harsh but also funny, his salesmen are a far cry from Arthur Miller's Loman in Death of a Salesman.
David Mamet's play about the wheelings and dealings of real-estate salesmen gets dedicated playing from a splendid cast, but gains nothing by the transfer from stage to screen.
This brilliant, gutsy film features a nervy script by David Mamet and career-topping performances by Jack Lemmon, Al Pacino, Alan Arkin, Ed Harris, Kevin Spacey, Jonathan Pryce and Alec Baldwin.
As fierce as it is funny. Rarely does does a film sustain such a fever pitch of dramatic intensity. One of the very best of 1992.
Words fly with the speed and impact of bullets.
As cynical as they come. But witty and clever.
Despite an acidic world-view, it generates a real feeling of the worth of artistic achievement and personal struggle.
Um estudo de personagens maravilhoso que se torna ainda mais eficaz graças ao forte roteiro do mestre Mamet e às performances de um elenco admirável.
A sharp look at the surreal world of real estate sales.
The acting is as good as it gets. A wonderful film!
The directing's a bit obtrusive, but the script and the acting gets to the heart of Mamet's glorious obsession with macho B.S.
One of the great American movies.
Brilliantly acted and written, it's one of the best ensemble pieces of its particular decade.
Five truly great actors in a rare film that fully justifies their talents.
For all of [its] advantages, Glengarry Glen Ross is as hopelessly stagebound as any theatrical adaptation I've ever seen.
David Mamet's screenplay is brutal and snappy, and the cast is an acting connoisseur's dream
It is a testament to the power of Jack Lemmon's performance that it ranks as one of the most recognized of his accomplished career.
A stage play that never quite makes the transition into the medium of film.
An utter masterpiece.
a film more concerned with the performances and how well lines are delivered than the abovementioned plot - And justifiably so with each of the gifted performers giving nothing but their best here. In addition, it's probably David Mamet's best screen effo
David Mamet's prophetic and soulful drama about how the human spirit is violated in the work arena.
The conversations are like big sumptuous MEALS. I listen to this movie like it's classical music.
Pacino, Lemmon, Harris, and Baldwin are masters of their craft, and Mamet's dynamite play rewards them accordingly.
All of the actors are great, clearly enjoying the opportunity to sink their teeth into some meaty lines.
You can see the joy with which these actors get their teeth into these great lines, after living through movies in which flat dialogue serves only to advance the story.
Though the performances are satisfying in a projected way, they're nullified by an uninspired atmosphere around them. Despite the colorful and witty utterances of its characters, "Glengarry" feels artificial and rarefied.
Foley is as adept at managing this intensely psychodramatic material as he is handling an ensemble cast with the combined power of a runaway locomotive.
Glengarry Glen Ross is interesting to watch like well-performed gymnastics but it never really connects.
This is a real showcase for a terrific gathering of actors.
The performers achieve a true ensemble rhythm; at times, the entire office seems like a single, shouting organism.
















@highlight

This adaptation of David Mamet's play is every bit as compelling and witty as its source material, thanks in large part to a clever script and a bevy of powerhouse actors.