Ignore the unconvincing performances and tinge of environmental proselytizing and focus on the computer-generated wind ripping apart a computer-generated barn, and Into the Storm still lacks the force it would take to blow out a candle on a birthday cake.
There's really no way to properly experience the strengths of Into the Storm without seeing it on the big screen, surrounded with a massive sound system.
If you get your jollies watching houses, cars and even a bunch of passenger planes flung into the air like toys, you might like this.
Watch the movie only if you are a fan of meaningless disaster flicks. We have another suggestion: go easy on the soft drinks with this one.
The one uniting quality of Into the Storm and reality is the tendency of humans to stand in the path of imminent disaster and destruction and simply watch it happen.
Thankfully it doesn't even last 90 minutes. [Full review in Spanish]
The film is nearly poetic in its inanity, curiously masquerading as a theatrical release when it belongs in the darkest recesses of your local dollar store.
I won't pull punches: besides the pretty realistic carnage swirling onscreen, this thing is merely a collection of clichés fit for the overwrought melodrama that unfolds.
With calamities such as the May 2011 one in Joplin, Mo., still fresh in memory, is it ever an opportune time to turn these into entertainment?
Into the Storm gives us not just a storm, but every single cliché imaginable.
Though [it] is lacking in interesting characters, it makes up for it with fun disaster movie fodder and great effects.
If the visual effects in "Into the Storm" were matched with a better screenplay, we'd be talking about a box office juggernaut. As it stands, I would recommend an Irwin Allen disaster flick for better acting.
The fun grinds to a halt whenever the skies brighten and the wind calms.
Great tornadoes. All the rest is hot air.
(Will) blow out of town as quickly as it came.
So much time is spent justifying the presence of all these cameras that no one bothered to create a single character worth rooting for.
Lacking zero plot development, other than "here comes the next storm," "Into the Storm's" only saving point are the visual effects, rendered in all of their Dolby glory.
While Into the Storm has the look of a satirical disaster film, it completely lacks any satire, taking itself far too seriously (and offers nothing original) to be anywhere near as fun as its genre-spawning second-cousin, Sharknado.
If it's a twister film you desire, save your money and revisit the only one worthy of the name.
What happens between the storm set-pieces is not worth mentioning.
The rotating funnel clouds are almost spectacular enough to make up for the rote drama (a strict dad butts heads with his teenage son, yawn) and routine characterization (redneck comic relief, yee-haw).
This is great, big, cheesy fun, a ripping thrill-ride of a film designed to make you gasp and woo in between intakes of over-priced popcorn... it certainly shows just how far digital visuals have come since the awful 1996 Jan De Bont film Twister.
The genre's chief annoyance of characters who can't seem to let go of cameras in life-threatening situations hasn't got any less aggravating.
Most inexplicable, yet potent, are the shots that look down on the devastation from on high, implicitly reducing the entire cast to extras in a movie directed by God.
...a better-than-expected summertime diversion...
Engulfed in a plethora of terrifying special effects, it's like being caught in the middle of a twister
"I've never seen anything like this!" gravely intones weather expert Dr Allison Stone midway through Into The Storm - but alas, we have seen many, many things like this.
Into the Storm sets forth as a found-footage thriller before losing its thread and then doubling back on itself in abject disarray.
Annoyingly, it's a found-footage film, so prepare to be buffeted by shaky camerawork aplenty as the windy plot blows the flimsily drawn protagonists this way and that.
One part environmental warning, another part PSA, and third part revelling in wind and rain-blown destruction, "Into the Storm" is ultimately a string of set pieces barely held together by the thinnest of stories.
An irredeemably dumb disaster movie with good effects and virtually no plot.
Unfortunately, long before the storm has blown itself out, the plot has long since come apart.
The acting is a washout, the dialogue thunderously bad and even Michael Fish could accurately forecast the ending - but when it comes to special effects, this eco-thriller whips-up one heck of a storm.
Director Steven Quale ramps up the tension with jaw-dropping CGI effects taking the viewer to the heart of Mother Nature at her most extreme.
The found-footage format is undone by clunkingly unnatural dialogue and internal-logic inconsistencies.
Unfortunately, Into The Storm is a unnatural disaster and not because the worst tornado of the century smashes into a helpless town in Oklahoma but because the performances and dialogue are so dire.
Even more tortured is the way the movie drops in its "protect the planet" talking points while also delivering an inspirational "live for today" homily - two messages inherently opposed to each other.
What we've got here is somewhere between Twister and one of those storm-chaser reality shows, except Jan de Bont made Twister.
The technology keeps advancing but the soap opera stories remain just as corny as ever in Into The Storm, a 1970s-style disaster movie dressed up with 21st century special effects.
A movie to make you despair of the found-footage conceit (if you weren't already). Suddenly Twister looks like Shakespeare.
Stick with Twister.
"Hold on!", says everyone to everyone, which goes more or less without saying. "I've never seen anything like this!", they also repeat ad nauseam. You may be tempted to disagree.
Into the Storm may blow you away with the quality of some of its special effects but it'll leave you underwhelmed and exasperated in most other respects.
When the badass cyclones muscle into town, ripping up schools, banks and airports, the film is fairly fun. Sadly, everything else about it is, well, a bit of a disaster.
The wonder of the special effects and the immersive power of fake amateur footage are a winning combination. Find the biggest screen with the biggest speakers and prepare to be blown away.
What could have at least been a fun, eyeball-popping natural disaster flick instead becomes an exercise in what not to do with a summer movie.
There's a some silly fun to be had with the sheer scope of the weather involved...but "Into the Storm" just can't muster enough force to be fresh.
Contains such exciting dialogue as "these updrafts are insane" and everyone makes heavy weather of the underwhelming CGI.
Maybe we do deserve another Twister, but to showcase the advances in effects since you really need a bigger budget than this.
Everything whizzes by at a brisk 89 minutes and thanks to some well-marshalled tornado sequences and air-ringing Dolby Atmos sound it'll send you out of the cinema feeling appropriately windswept.
It's PG-13, so don't expect to see as many deaths of irritating characters as you'd like to.
Into the Storm is a mess and with so many great films to see in theaters right now, why waste your time with it?
No matter how dumb you think this bloated Weather Channel special being passed off as a movie is, I assure you it's even dumber than that.
This is a storm that's far from perfect. But adjust your expectations sufficiently and you just may have an experience that doesn't blow.
...a modest weather-based thriller based on a plot and characters that are pure boilerplate from start to finish.
Disaster pic has intense storm sequences but so-so plot.
The scenery may take a serious digital beating, but there's no avoiding the idea that human hubris gets walloped, too.
After overprioritizing its special effects and being barren of a story and characters who make you care, all you've got here is an exotic Lamborghini on the outside with a lawnmower engine failing to chug it along.
... latest Storm of the Century doubles as bonding experience and first date (Callies is literally swept off her feet) ... Those who go looking for airborne cows a la 'Twister' will be disappointed.
Weather nerds rejoice. The film for which you have waited has finally arrived. The rest of you, move along, there's nothing much to see here.
The storms are impressive, the movie is not.
"Into the Storm" plays like the bastard child of Syfy and the Weather Channel.
The destruction and carnage is presented with verve and flair, making this a fine example of tornado porn.
A fine example of next-level stupidity. In fact, if they gave Oscars for stupidity, it would win them all.
Welcome to what's basically The Weather Channel: The Movie.
Pretty much a "Twister" reboot, full of CGI sturm und drang (probably the only time that phrase is actually appropriate) albeit simultaneously more serious and less impactful.
A visually stunning disaster-thriller that ultimately feels cheap with its perverse take on death and gratitude.
As the lone well-developed character, audience sympathy rightly rests with [the tornado's] disaster-based agenda. Inconsequential humans are vacuumed into its maw like bland little meat snacks. They deserve it. They got in the way.
Gleeful schlock that almost achieves bad movie greatness.
Into the Storm is another found footage failure - a gimmicky natural disaster film that fails to provide exciting tornado action or impactful human drama.
Into the Storm isn't the unmitigated disaster it appears to be. It's much worse.
If weak plotting isn't a big concern, then Into the Storm may be right up your tornado alley.
The best way to describe Into the Storm is that it is weather porn.
Have we ever before seen such big-ticket escapist entertainment about the awesomeness of something that so recently killed so many of us? Doesn't it usually take longer before everyone's eager for candy spun from trauma?
Don't get me wrong, I'm as willing to check my brain at the door and sumbit to an idiotic late-summer spectacle as the next person. But this funnel-cloud fiasco tries to suck up everything in its path, and just winds up sucking.
Quale's biggest failing is not sticking strictly to the "found footage" rules. There are too many scenes in which the style is dropped, which keep undermining the movie's overall structure.
What makes this truly appalling is that every so often the film actually tries to connect its ludicrous and action oriented storm scenes with the tragic destruction that has recently torn through the Midwest.
As one who drove through the 1974 Super Outbreak, the worst tornado storm in history, I can say this is a realistic depiction of what it's like to be attacked by tornadoes. Tense, well-paced, the special effects are more than worth the price of admission.
As great as the special effects may be, if you aren't buying the performances ... then what you are left with is a glorified Weather Channel documentary.
A more sophisticated version of "Sharknado."
It's the sort of lazy late-summer idiocy you'd be wise to huddle beneath an overpass to avoid.
Dangers might include rapidly decreasing green-screen visibility and high winds capable of producing gusts of stupid dialogue.
There are clichés, shameless emotion manipulation and cardboard cutout characters; but the moments of suspense and the renderings of relentless killer storms are at times truly breathtaking.
A campy and cheesy yet visually-captivating roller coaster ride that makes Sharknado look like Sharknado 2!
To its credit, the movie does the one thing it seems to care about exceedingly well, but that doesn't make "Into the Storm" much more than "Sharknado" with a bigger budget.
A predictable twister plot needs some twists.
Final Destination meets Twister, but not nearly as entertaining.
Consistent with other recent offerings in the disaster genre - heavy on effects, light on script and characters.
The complete lack of interesting characters and almost no narrative at all makes for a film that's hollow. The storm has more personality than the people who flee from it.
"Into the Storm" is a decent enough workout for your local multiplex big screen and sound system.
While 'Into the Storm' deals with tornadoes that flatten whole towns in seconds, it generates all the excitement of a mild breeze.
1996's "Twister" was far from a great film, but at least it had Philip Seymour Hoffman and flying cows. This latest fx extravaganza doesn't even have sharks...
I want to be amazed by Into The Storm, but hasn't Sharknado spoiled all disaster films for an entire generation? How can you top sharks flying through the air?
What we're here for is the special effects, and those are just fine, from a wind tunnel of fire to a car lot of vehicles tossed up into the air like ping pong balls.
Potentially offensive and insensitive tone can't extinguish undeniably entertaining disaster film.
It's all very, very silly - not to mention off-puttingly earnest.
The dirty documentary style of Into the Storm only calls attention to how fake its characters and situations really are.
"Into the Storm" features laughable dialogue, far-fetched situations, and generic characters played by actors who almost look like more famous stars. I still had a blast; and if you lower your resistance, you may too.
As disaster movies go, "Into the Storm" is fairly disastrous itself.
Into the Storm has some seriously impressive, wicked special effects. Its rapid pace and thundering sound effects quite effectively ram you, wide-eyed, jaw agape, against your seat back. It has nothing else.
There's the right kind of dumb -- here, the senseless destruction -- and the wrong kind -- everything surrounding that devastation. The wrong greatly outweighs the right.
Huffs and puffs a great deal, but isn't likely to blow anyone's doors down.(Complete Content Review for Parents also available)
...delivering the goods without turning into a kill-by-kill horror flick...it's entertaining, it works, and it doesn't pull any punches.
It's ironic but true that Twister remains more palatable by being a consciously entertaining action fantasy, a cinematic roller-coaster, rather than a hellish 'you are there' safari tour through death and destruction.
A suspenseful, truly terrifying thrill ride...
It's no spoiler to reveal that these tornadoes just happen to be the biggest storms that ever were, and watching them chew up buildings like they were so many corn bread muffins can't help but be involving.
This latest disaster/adventure movie works purely on a visceral level, efficiently coordinating in-the-moment mayhem. Once the credits roll, however, the impact simply blows away. Much like the common sense of the characters.
All the non-storming moments in this movie feel painfully slow and formless: cheap filler between the pricey monster funnels.
This must be the only disaster movie in which presumably intelligent characters decide to hide from a storm in a storm drain.
The notion that we should worry about human beings - even poor Matt Walsh, heroically staying deadpan as lead storm chaser - becomes a source of humor in what is otherwise a showcase for extreme weather.
A moment of weightlessness in the eye of the storm is literally and figuratively transcendent. Into the Storm is aware of how to be effective, if only grand blockbusterisms would get out of its way.
Hilariously, it's even positioned by movie's end as an educational film people risked their lives to make. And yet the only lesson learned here is that we can make CGI tornadoes look really cool now.
"Sharknado" without the jokes.
What's remarkable about this long-belated and low-rent knockoff ... is the velocity of its cheerful idiocy, the blithe vacuity of its narrative downtime between tornado touchdowns.
"Into the Storm" consists mainly of watching characters run from various little tornadoes before they have to take cover from a very large one.
all splash and no substance
The special effects are skillfully wrought, scary and exciting. But when the story focuses on those weathering the onslaught, things are far less thrilling.
The found-footage disaster flick "Into the Storm'' is "Twister'' for dummies, but by no means is that an insult. The new film is enormous fun if you're in the right mood.
Into the Storm is all wet.
We're treated to scenes of unspeakable death and destruction- an entire town pretty much flattened entirely, and the movie glosses right over it
"Into the Storm" plays like a special-effects demonstration in search of a movie, but you have to give it to the filmmakers: They take no half-measures.
"Into the Storm" quickly spirals downward into a vortex of vapidity.
Why is it that Hollywood finds it so hard to create a compelling story around weather disasters?
If you're willing to treat the stiff dialogue and uneven performances as so much light drizzle, it's easy enough to get caught up in the action.
Many movies require us to turn off our brains, and many rely on clichés and/or coincidences. It takes a special kind of shamelessness to do both, and Into the Storm has that in spades.
As for the storm itself -- or storms, really -- well, you've seen the trailer, haven't you?
The characters are all automatons and the story is streamlined past the point of any emotional resonance, the better for viewers to enjoy the large-scale destruction.
"I've never seen anything like this!" a storm chaser says while witnessing a multi-funnel tornado event in the disaster drama Into the Storm. Apparently, he's the only professional storm chaser in the nation who hasn't seen Twister.
Not all of it makes sense, but for disaster movie fans, "Into the Storm" has enough destruction to go around.
At the climax of "Into the Storm," colossal tornadoes make noise, blow things up, and go around in circles; that's pretty much all the film does, too.
"Into the Storm" runs a brisk 89 minutes, and for every second of its running time finds ways to make tornadoes interesting.
What the film lacks - apart from convincing dialogue - is a sense of humour...or even a real sense of wonder at how terrible nature can be.
This film exploits horrendous, real-world suffering for the sake of a mindless thrill ride, and no matter how well executed the havoc may be, that leaves a sour aftertaste.
Into The Storm wastes moments of catastrophic tension by under-developing every single aspect of this found-footage disasterpiece, as if we're watching a SyFy movie made with a bit bigger of a budget.
There are many instances of questionable logic in Into the Storm, but the most persistent is the film's unexplained assumption that tornado-hunting is a growth industry.
Feels pretty low-rent despite the amazing CGI.
The storm clouds exhibit more gravitas than the humans in this feature-length VFX demo reel that makes one pine for the glory days of Jan de Bont.
It's a cheap and only occasionally effective disaster film from the director of Final Destination 5 (anyone?) that strains to use POV immediacy as a tool for updating Twister for the social-media age.
Into the Storm is a visually dazzling update of the disaster film for the YouTube age, but it is marred by contrived characters and icky politics.
Has a mighty roar when it comes to scenes of mass destruction, the rest is insufferable, pinned between a paint-by-numbers screenplay and a feeble storytelling trend that only encourages filmmaking laziness.
Potent and very messy.
'Suds in the Cyclone' might be a better title for this old-fashioned disaster movie...a 'Twister' on steroids that employs massive amounts of CGI imagery while ladling on soap opera cliches to add a 'human' element.
Great effects, but this is what bad acting looks like
A good deal of screenwriter John Swetnam's dialogue sounds like auto-corrected exposition, designed to reveal nothing in the way of character.
If the protagonists were swapped out for another group of people, Into The Storm would remain more or less unchanged, the only differences being cosmetic.
It's been 18 years since "Twister," which means it's high time for another tornado movie, right? Be careful what you wish for.
The filmmakers spend too much time on boring interactions between one-dimensional characters, and when they finally deliver some hardcore tornado action, it's underwhelming.
A junk-food thriller with skillfully believable special effects and a lurchingly ham-fisted script, one that commands attention and spurs resulting groans in equal measure.
A B-movie that can't decide if it wants to be "Sharknado"-lite or a "Twister" ripoff.

@highlight

Clumsily scripted and populated with forgettable characters, Into the Storm has little to offer beyond its admittedly thrilling special effects.