Unfortunately, the women in Golden Exits don't have much to do other than brood, stew, and complain about the men in their lives.
The last shot of Golden Exits... seems to suggest that walking to the golden vanishing point is, although unrealizable in metaphorical terms, as therapeutic as an act in itself. [Full review in Spanish]
"Golden Exits" isn't as thunderous as "Queen of Earth," but accepted on a smaller scale of disturbance, and Perry's windy screenplay and care for actors is fascinating.
Golden Exits is too selective in its focus to give us a full picture of these lives, these relationships, and this general sense of dissatisfaction with it all.
A movie that gazes deep into its characters' unhappiness and emerges with something searching, sad - and perilously close to likable.
Honestly, if it weren't for the performances this would probably be insufferable. But everyone in the film is good.
Channeling Cassavetes ... Alex Ross Perry again adopts a handheld camerawork worthy of the auteur's looseness and unsuppressed delirium, wavering unevenly between the hopelessly unhappy characters as they try and fail to navigate their selfish emotions.
Golden Exits is a post love, post-passion and pro anti-depressant film. It is expressing its own curiosity at what it feels to be the inevitable conclusion of youth and living like there's no tomorrow.
The strong ensemble cast is unable to do anything of interest with the script; it's far too self-indulgent and offputting
Golden Exits is 90-minutes but it feels like three torturous hours...
I may be an old curmudgeon, but one with a better outlook on life and people than the characters in Alex Ross Perry's latest film.
While you'll salute Golden Exits for never going full-on Fatal Attraction, it ends up feeling cagey, trapped in the realm of the theoretical and too hip to raise its tensions above a simmer.
Don't let the indulgent chatter fool you. Here, Perry has nothing to say that's worth listening to.
...boasts a terrific ensemble demonstrating the unhappiness and self doubt revealed when their routines are nudged off tilt by one lone outsider.
The movie seems to be slowly pushing a needle into the lives that it scrutinizes, as if to draw a blood sample and learn what ails the characters.
These narcissists declaim their insecurities and grievances in the language of personal essays. What they're saying may be petty and small, but the rhetoric and imagery are transfixing.
Think early Whit Stillman without the archness, or Woody Allen without the schtick, self-seriousness or need for post-screening steel-wool shower, and you're almost there.
But to what end? Bergman, Cassavetes, and Allen excavated this material decades ago, and there are no new insights uncovered amid the interior lives of these husbands and wives.
The steadfast refusal to follow through on the premise condemns the film to a state of dramatic constipation.
I saw only performers who, with one conspicuous exception, were working hard to ignite a glum drama that declined to combust.
The more microscopic and incidental the movie gets - as in this candlelit conversation - the grander its cumulative force becomes.
Mr. Perry is such a good filmmaker that he can make the embarrassing and the unbearable insistently, fascinatingly engrossing (and often funny).
The collective swell of a thousand nagging disappointments, both identifiable and not, make Perry's film strangely haunting despite the bourgeois mundanity of its events.
Golden Exits makes one pine to escape the company of its second-rate Woody Allen characters.
Alex Ross Perry's characters are shrewd enough to recognize the irrational contours of their lives, which they diagnose and chew over in some of the most inventive, twisty, and richly ironic dialogue in modern American cinema.
Despite the surface inaction ... there are currents of deep emotional distress that roil just below, like a deadly iceberg about to strike.
It's a testament to the accomplished cast that this works; so much tension and emotion is wrought from their subtle glances and small talk.
The film's measure of inertia among its characters is putatively more eloquent, loquacious even, which appears to be part of Perry's paradoxical point.
The movie is bogged down in misery and mutedness, and the effect is more suffocating than anything else.
Makes even the clumsiest encounters, of which there's many, seem naturalistic
It is Perry's masterpiece, and one of the finest American films I've seen in many years.
Director Alex Ross Perry gives us a film of simmering power dynamics and bracingly complex roles: nobody is completely innocent, nor can we write anyone off from our sympathies entirely.
An exquisitely rendered study of entitlement and millennial dissatisfaction
A feature that thrives in the subtext, so often about what's not said, as opposed to what is.
An uncanny homage to one of those late-period Woody movies where he just filmed the first draft.
Alex Ross Perry returns with another challenging depiction of New York neuroses.
These thoughtful people are paralyzed by their ability to look at their lives, and the lives around them, from too many angles. It's enlightening to listen to them, and perhaps a little too familiar.
"Golden Exits" is Brooklyn Bergman, a drama of death pushing from behind and despair looming ahead.
Nothing in the relationship dynamics here managed to stick.
Sevigny is the surprisingly subtle beating heart of the whole affair, while Parker appears to be having a hell of a time being a classic Perry villain.
Considering how Perry intricately carves out the understated instincts of each of these characters, it's easily his most humane and emotionally complex film.
Watching this tremendous, droll micro-masterpiece is like rummaging through a box of privileged misery and holding it up to a light.
Given its lack of incident and mostly grumpy and/or off-putting characters, this will not be the film that expands Perry's small audience. But it is something close to superb.
An overly serious and pretentious misstep from the filmmaker, who is basically trying to make his Husbands and Wives too early in his career to really pull it off.
A dense, defiantly prickly film about ordinary people who don't really do anything.
It's hard to tell, though exactly what Perry's point is, as he loses the thread between the faux-philosophical dialogue and the haphazard pacing.
A deadly fusion of the mundane and the affected, like some black-box-theater parody of an Ingmar Bergman art drama.
No doubt Alex Ross Perry will follow up the film with a strong return to form, but this film is a collection of half-realized ideas and characters.
There's jealousy, sadness, unfulfilled loves and lives, all of it relayed in quiet conversations and glances, rather than big dramatic scenes.

@highlight

Golden Exits tells a small-scale tale whose seemingly mundane trappings belie a satisfying handful of finely tuned observations about modern life and relationships.