The opening scene of American Assassin is one of the best I've seen in years. It is tense, engaging, and has you with your heart in your throat the entire time. The rest of the film falls away from that but still remains entertaining to watch.
Even Michael Keaton's eye-popping energy can't shock a heartbeat into a script that turned up dead on arrival.
Every 20 minutes as it goes on, it gets a bit worse.
American Assassin will satisfy those looking for mindless gunplay and a desire to see the world rain blood
American Assassin has solid action, but also has a lot of morbidity. [Full review in Spanish]
It's a rocky start to a franchise series at best...
... a 'Homeland for dummies'. [Full review in Spanish]
Unconvincing. [Full Review in Spanish]
An inconsistent pretext...[Full Review in Spanish
For as much as it is smart, visceral and riveting, it's also rather befuddling, unsatisfying and vexing.
Fast-paced and cold, like good cinema of the 70's. [Full Review in Spanish]
[Michael Cuesta has] an implacable rhythm for political thrillers. [Full Review in Spanish]
Refreshingly old school in its depiction of evil done in the name of evil, and the morally murky methods needed to combat its scourge.
What American Assassin lacks in originality, it makes up in breathtaking action that is often brutal.
Plot holes aside, the film seems to justify revenge killing and condone violence, and that cannot be good in this day and age.
This case of the contents being what it says on the tin does this action-thriller no favours.
Whether the world needs another male spy-cum-agent is another question altogether, but American Assassin is entertaining enough for this franchise to live another day.
Assassin's Creed is both completely nonsensical and dead boring. The video game curse remains unbroken.
O'Brien and Keaton manage to make decent fun out of this generic spy thriller. [Full review in Spanish]
With a generic title like American Assassin, this sounds like a Chuck Norris straight-to-DVD action flick. It's only a slight upgrade.
Although there are heaps of films about terrorism, I must say that "Assassin: Mission revenge" is not from the pile and that it - somehow - refreshes the subject. [Full review in Spanish]
The result is another over-macho, unpleasantly violent misfire.
In a multiplex environment in which even comic book superheroes are psychologically complex, American Assassin misses its target by a surprisingly large margin.
O'Brien has an acceptable (albeit modest) level of charisma, Keaton adds gritty gravitas, and Cuesta keeps it all clipping along.
American Assassin is a decently made tour of Europe, utilising easy target villains to maximise cheering from audiences willing to accept diplomacy down the barrel of a gun...as long as the gun is held by a nominally handsome American man.
The spy plot gets overshadowed by the cast's one-dimensional performances. [Full review in Spanish]
It's hard to gauge whether [this] is a shallow tale lionising American patriotism or a condemnation of the US government's eagerness to recruit angry macho men consumed by jingoism.
Director Michael Cuesta has made a celebration of American retribution that while cleanly cut ends up as a paperback fantasy.
Dylan O' Brien's debut as an action star reaches exciting points, but what happens in the middle is quite conventional. [Full review in Spanish]
the fighting and firearms are not enough to make American Assassin more than a dumb diversion
There are 15 more novels in the Mitch Rapp series. Who will save us from American Assassin 2?
More than anything, though, the movie is just stupid. Which is sad, since it was directed by Michael Cuesta.
With American Assassin, Michael Cuesta (Kill the Messenger) has made a movie where Michael Keaton bites Taylor Kitsch's ear off unspeakably boring.
Weaving a tapestry of overused action thriller scenarios without even the courtesy of a slight variation, American Assassin is forgettable, even by the standards of the genre.
Director Michael Cuesta adds little of notice to the proceedings.
While American Assassin starts okay the unsurprising trajectory of the story diminishes the lasting impressions a more adult and ambitious thriller would have successfully made.
Franchise Fred approves the first Mitch Rapp movie, American Assassin. I would totally see more Mitch Rapp adventures.
Mitch Rapp books totally rock. American Assassin sucks compared to the books. But can you happily popcorn out to it on a Friday night? Yup. Would you enjoy the books more? Absolutely.
The climax is almost as crass as the beginning.
It's flat, formulaic and forgettable despite its fast-moving action sequences.
Happy to go through the motions... much of its content is ripped from other, better efforts.
Timely and smart, Michael Cuesta's "American Assassin" proves to be a worthy successor to the Jack Ryan films.
The only thing this film kills is time. I didn't believe a single moment and that's a shame because it arrives in theaters with a solid pedigree.
It's tormented hotheads all around with a hero and villain who are almost indistinguishable and same-old spy stuff racing to a seen-it, been-there ticking-clock finale.
Watching American Assassin gives you a dose of the mid-budget blues.
A fun thriller hobbled by stale dialogue from every action-thriller movie the collective screenwriters have ever seen.
"American Assassin" is nothing you haven't seen before.
It's shallow and self-congratulatory, refusing to justify its incessant violence with character development or genre spectacle.
American Assassin is as generic an espionage thriller as you're likely to find.
Pure escapism.
Ultimately, American Assassin is a film out of its time, so maybe it is past time for films like it to be laid to rest.
American Assassin is not what it pretends to be.
I stretched to rate this 7/10, but don't think Vince Flynn would be pleased with this vapid, unoriginal rendering of his book at all, and the changing of the story. O'Brien is a good Mitch Rapp but the rest of the players are grossly miscast.
The obligatory twists and plot mechanics feel inauthentic and cause the excitement to dwindle.
American Assassin isn't up to Keaton's recent standards. It's closer to the movies he was cranking out while crawling back to the A-list after "Batman Returns." But he still makes the thriller worth a look, if only just.
Still, passive audiences seeking pure escapism will find the bare minimum of fast action and ass-kicking mandated by the movie's formula.
American Assassin is a disappointment because it feels like it could have been something more.
Sorry, but no sale.
It's a watchable thriller -- not all that great but worth trying again at least one more time to smooth things out and see if something better could be made of it.
The result is a perfectly serviceable espionage-action-thriller, but not an especially inspired one.
There's plenty of talk about American Sins in American Assassin, but none of it changes the fact that the bad guys want to do bad things and must be stopped, so there really isn't much point to all that chatter.
It's all very serious, and very flat.
A well-executed, well-choreographed action thriller, but simply doesn't do enough to make us remember any of it once we reach the parking lot.
The gleefully violent American Assassin is a jingoistic waste of time.
Muddled by a scattered screenplay and hampered by Dylan O'Brien's notably unremarkable performance as Rapp, American Assassin does a fair share of globe hopping but manages to go nowhere.
American Assassin jarringly interposes scenes of hyper-realistic violence with the sort of half-hearted storytelling one expects out of a movie of the genre with minimal ambitions.
American Assassin attempts to lazily loops in hot topics like nuclear war, terrorism and "fake news" to trick audiences into thinking its fresh or relevant. It's neither.
... American Assassin is of a piece with other 2017 action flicks that are turning our multiplexes into mausoleums.
Third rate Jason Bourne effort with one-note turn by Dylan O'Brien.
There's scarcely a beat you can't foresee, but it doesn't matter, because the pulse-pounding, terrorist-stomping narrative don't need no stinking plot.
"American Assassin" is definitely tired, and poor, and will play for very few huddled masses.
It's just about conceivable that somebody who has never seen a spy thriller might find some enjoyment in American Assassin.
I can't conceive of a more boring character to revolve your franchise around than Mitch Rapp.
The only thing that makes the film watchable at all is the supercharged performance by Michael Keaton in the role of trainer / mentor.
The action is relentless; the story provides mostly believable thrills.
[Dylan] O'Brien is grimly focused as Rapp, but there isn't a lot of electricity in his performance. He gets the job done, but he's no Matt Damon or Daniel Craig. Their spy-guy shoes remain unfilled.
American Assassin is a bland, thoughtless, harmless bit of action fluff despite strong work from Michael Keaton.
Another overlong formulaic thriller than Michael Keaton manages to steal from its younger "star" -- just like "Spider-Man," in other words.
Even when logic goes up in flames, Michael Cuesta's thriller speeds ahead like a heat-seeking missile. Michael Keaton and new star Dylan O'Brien make action fireworks seem fresh again.
Serviceable, but nothing more. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, Nudity, etc. - also Available)
Look, I'm all for action movies where an American flies to some country and starts shooting, but if you're going to involve the CIA, very real-world terrorists, torture, the Iranian government, and an atomic bomb, then you can't make that movie anymore.
This franchise starter bows briefly to PC scolds but otherwise sticks the landing.
Mitch seems not just hot-headed but borderline racist, and neither trait is addressed in a satisfying way.
The Keatonaissance continues in mediocre action-thriller.
The epilogue suggests Mitch has a bright future. Back in the real world, everything about him looks dim.
American Assassin offers you two competing philosophies that are equally unappetizing: cold-hearted, government-sanctioned professional killing or hot-blooded vigilante professional killing.
"American Assassin" is bogged down by its contrived, empty-headed script (credited to four screenwriters and less than the sum of its parts) and its macho chest beating.
Kitsch's performance is almost indistinguishable from O'Brien's, and there is no sense that one character is more insane or evil than the other.
This is a spy thriller for the Trump Era, where rules that are inconvenient are simply brushed aside.
O'Brien, while not the most credible action star the genre has ever seen, has the presence to grow into a believable boogeyman terrorists can quake in their boots over.
Out of dozens of ways to make an intriguing and potential fun new franchise, American Assassin whiffed on all of them.
An action thriller that delivers on its promise with Michael Keaton in a down and dirty turn and Dylan O'Brien showing great promise as a new star in the genre.
American Assassin sounds like a thriller-by-numbers, and so it is, but they are superior numbers.
After Atomic Blonde and The Hitman's Assassin, this terrifically paced, proficiently mounted outing is our third generous serving of high-quality action in rapid succession.
The film is relentless, refusing to let you settle in and refusing to let you get comfortable, but it's all the better for it; American Assassin has brought the action thriller genre to the modern day.
Clichés such as, "His charts are off the scale!!" and, "He's too damn risky!!" are bandied about every bit as proudly as awful lines including: "He dresses like a deer, kills like a lion."
What makes American Assassin worth the trouble is the triad of actors at the story's core.
The casting of O'Brien, known mostly for the "Teen Wolf" TV series, came out of left field, but it was ultimately a smart move. He's young, hip and charmingly introverted.
So generic is this film, drawn from the vast pulp output of thriller scribbler Vince Flynn, it offers a glimpse into a dazzling future when robots begin making movies.
What an obscenity. Call it "The Bourne Abortion."
The plan -- to construct a team of agents who are in desperate need of some serious psychological evaluation -- is tough to swallow.
Getting Mitch Rapp right is what the film needed most in order to work, and fortunately he ends up being an interesting enough protagonist for audiences to be willing to follow him throughout the film's story.
doesn't waste its time on little things like believable character motivation and ability, yet director Michael Cuesta ("L.I.E.," "Kill the Messenger") delivers brutal, believable fight sequences and one corker of a climax.
O'Brien cuts a cool figure with a gun, but doesn't convey enough personality yet to convince us that he can carry a franchise. Keaton, meanwhile, conveys a grimness that suggests he'd be an even better Batman now
Somewhere along the way Michael Cuesta morphed from a creator of thoughtful indie dramas... into an action director (Showtime's Homeland); if he ever wants to tackle a James Bond movie, this nonstop spy thriller should serve as his audition.
It demonstrates that even Jason Bourne lite is better than no Bourne at all, if you're in the mood.
American Assassin will satisfy those who want to see invulnerable American badasses gun down Middle Eastern terrorists. It's like if True Lies weren't a comedy.
It's not that "American Assassin" suddenly goes stupid, it's already there, but in its hunger to dazzle the audience, it becomes generic, hacky, and noisy.
"Based on a novel" is about the only thing novel about it.
[American Assassin] plays like "The Bourne Identity for Dummies," a bland wannabe with a threadbare plot that -- the ample violence notwithstanding -- mostly misses the mark.
The big problems are a script that thinks too big, confuses fast-moving with rushed and has a non-event nemesis whose plan for revenge is surprisingly similar to Bond villain bombast.
Good performances and bloody action give this popcorn thriller a shot in the arm.
The film is an entertaining introduction to Rapp, whose final scene implies that he has a lot more retaliation to inflict. He could become a brand-name mainstay of the American superspy market for decades to come.
It's a bad movie, which means its toxic politics have no plausible defense.
... American Assassin delivers just what it says it will.
It's not a technical shambles; the movie takes care of an action audience's basic needs. But it's one of those not-bad experiences I ended up resisting to its core.
By substituting macho posturing for real personality, American Assassin's franchise prospects appear as dim as the employment prospects for Middle Eastern actors who don't want to play terrorists.
The attempt to rebrand counterterrorism manoeuvres as a heady extension of The Hunger Games falls somewhere between dimwitted and deeply cynical.
Decent fun, in the leathery, businesslike, self-satisfied manner of this kind of movie, which soothes the hurt places in the male ego with sentiment strategically disguised as toughness.
Sometimes it strives to be a character-driven thriller in the Jason Bourne mold. In other moments, it goes for over-the-top action and violence. But it's never very exciting, even with car chases, explosions and gunplay.
"American Assasinine" is frequently more like it.
A generic, outdated action thriller with clunky dialogue, one-dimensional characters and mediocre action.
If you don't think you'll enjoy watching Michael Keaton constantly putting people in sleeper-holds-aka Night Shifting-seek your entertainment elsewhere.
Considering how generic this slice of vaguely xenophobic counter-terror wish-fulfillment is, it comes as a surprise how bloody American Assassin turns out to be.
Despite the updating, the movie is essentially a boilerplate action flick following a template that hasn't changed much for decades, and while efficiently made, it holds no surprises.
An alternate version of the Jason Bourne flicks where the Treadstone assassination program are the good guys.
Imagine 'Bourne' as written by a jingoistic fifth grader.
A generic film befitting of its terribly generic title.
It's impossible to take it seriously as anything other than an Abercrombie & Fitch ad posing as a political thriller.
A rudimentary run-and-gun action thriller, American Assassin does the job in largely workmanlike fashion, save for the surprise sighting of prestige actor Michael Keaton...
... "American Assassin" gets the job done in a very real feeling world.
American Assassin looks as if it is intended as the first in a series but there's nothing here which we haven't seen countless times before in Jason Bourne or Jack Reacher stories or that justifies a new movie.
As often happens with these international thrillers, plot holes are compensated for with action and spectacular settings.
Faintly Bond-like, lushly shot and sometimes smart, "American Assassin" is an international action thriller that starts slow but picks up speed and just outruns its own clichés to make for a gripping two-hour ride.
So beige and unmemorable that this writer struggled to recall any sort of palpable plot details mere hours after the credits rolled.
Light on plot but heavy on action, American Assassin is mostly forgettable but works well enough when it focuses on the dynamic between Michael Keaton and Dylan O'Brien.
American Assassin is a preposterous, but lean and mean Mitch Rapp thriller adaptation elevated by Michael Keaton's turn as Rapp's grizzled mentor.
American Assassin is a no holds barred, ass-kicking action flick. It fires on all cylinders from the gut-wrenching start. Dylan O'Brien is vengeance and ferocity personified.
Trapped in the 1980s, when Chuck Norris ruled the roost of disposable shoot-em-ups. This repulsive macho fantasy seems expressly designed to appeal to the readers of Soldier of Fortune Magazine.
Whilst occasionally impressing, American Assassin looks more destined for a life being browsed past on the Netflix carousel than a movie franchise.
Cuesta injects vitality where it's needed.
What some will find a surprisingly unpredictable, action-packed bit of entertainment, others may find a politically dubious gun-and-bomb party, but this is one of the freshest political thrillers in years.
Cuesta does a competent job at the helm, delivering the occasional bravura flourish, but any punch and polish he brings to the table is undermined by the myriad failings of the script.
American Assassin at times has the necessary ingredients to make it the kind of fun, pulpy political thriller/action movie that audiences feasted on in the 1990s, but it manages to forget to have any fun at all along the way.
There are 15 more Mitch Rapp books, but a sequel feels unlikely.
Let's put it this way: American Assassin seems to have a certain target audience in mind, and it's probably not one you'd want to be considered a part of.
Built for action, like its title character, the movie packs a muscular, bloody punch, but mainly it's a well-oiled diversion.
"American Assassin" is so close-mouthed and macho that it blends in with Bourne, Bond and "Taken's" Brian Mills. Rapp can blast his way through Turkey - but this sullen, swollen hero can't elbow those box office heavyweights to make room.
Works best when it's trying to replicate the rhythms of a pulpy page-turner and least when pausing to consider the deeper implications of politics and personal responsibility in a post-9/11 world.

@highlight

American Assassin hits a few easy targets, but without enough style or wit to truly bring its characters to life -- or stand out in a crowded field of more compelling spy thrillers.