Twinned in their passion to outmatch the other, their sporting "love" seems a strange, awful, awesome game.
Sverrir Gudnason's and Shia LaBeouf's performances of are excellent... [Full review in Spanish]
The characterizations of [Sverrir] Gudnason and [Shia] LaBeouf are perfect. [Full Review in Spanish]
Highly enjoyable, even if you're not a huge tennis fan.
While a lot of effort has gone into making the tennis scenes look authentic... it's really the psychology of the men that occupies Metz's mind in what is the grand slam of sports movies.
Metz's film is less about the glory of sport than it is about the damage that sport can do to an athlete's soul.
Intense and credible story of a legendary tennis match. [Full review in Spanish]
It may be more pop psychology than gripping drama, sports or otherwise, but the acting is superb and the period recreation, from the color palette to the short-shorts to McEnroe unwinding with his buddies in a disco, is irresistibly spot-on.
An erratic yet watchable biopic...
It makes for an unconventional sports movie, but a satisfying one.
While it's mostly content to scratch the surface, this period piece effectively shows how two Hall of Fame players changed the game both on and off the court.
A psychological portrait of competition, friendship and a complicated, temperamental prodigy, whose outbursts and lack of self-control threaten to derail what promises to be a fruitful athletic career.
Borg Vs. McEnroe could have been great if it didn't try to be so ambitious.
Borg vs. McEnroe is a taut, suspenseful, pitch-perfect retelling of what many fans and tennis historians consider to be the greatest match ever played...
A gripping film that will resonate far beyond tennis fans.
Borg Vs. McEnroe fade into the background and the story becomes more about obsession... [Full Review in Spanish]
"Borg vs. McEnroe" is an anecdotally gratifying, psychologically nuanced, and dramatically agile character study of Borg, but, despite its extended depictions of a celebrated match, it's not a satisfying tennis movie at all.
He's no John McEnroe -- not in looks or stature. Aw, but in personality, LaBeouf is every bit the measure of the a-hole the London press once dubbed "SuperBrat."
Shia LaBeouf is almost too perfect for the role of McEnroe, given his occasionally explosive demeanor and headline-grabbing antics that distract from his natural ability.
The film does such a good job of humanizing both players that you're going to feel a twinge of sympathy no matter who loses.
LaBeouf ... is galvanic as McEnroe. ... And Swede Gudnason conveys depths of sensitivity and sadness.
All in all, the Swedish production becomes an intensely engaging story of a rivalry, with special focus on the duo's dynamic performances at the 1980 Wimbledon finals.
With a script by Ronnie Sandahl, Danish documentarian Janus Metz ("Armadillo") jumps about time to illustrate how much the man known for keeping his cool and the man known for losing his were really alike.
As the opening quote from Andre Agassi states, "Every match is life in miniature." This is real drama, indeed.
While this sports movie skimps on details and seems a bit rushed in spots, it nevertheless nicely balances its handling of the two tennis champs, aided in no small part by terrific lead performances.
This movie is a great disappointment; an opportunity missed. Lebeouf's one-dimensional performance totally fails to capture McEnroe's inherent charisma. That's just one of its many faults.
The final Wimbledon showdown, in which resistance proves not quite futile, leads to a surprisingly satisfying end-game.
It's about damn time somebody made a movie outta these guys.
By the end, even the flaws become, if not entirely justifiable, then at least intelligible.
Danish documentarian Janus Metz-making his first feature, and working from a script by Ronnie Sandahl-feels the need to hold our hands and oversimplify these two titans of tennis.
Serves up a winning game. (Full Content Review for Parents - Profanity, Nudity, etc. - also Available)
Recreation of a classic 1980 tennis showdown at Wimbledon is helped by stellar acting - and gives its formerly tempestuous star Shia LaBeouf a perfect comeback role.
an indelible portrait of these men and their unlikely, ineffable and ultimately, deeply emotional bond.
"Borg Vs. McEnroe" is a smart study of two athletes eclipsing each other in the prime of their careers.
Even if you know the outcome of this classic tennis match you will likely be riveted by the performances, particularly Shia LaBeouf who serves up a winner as bratty tennis great John McEnroe.
So this isn't a great tennis film but rather a beguiling character study, a rumination on two Shakespearean types.
Borg vs McEnroe underscores the inherent drama in sports movies, while tapping into a nostalgia factor for a moment when tennis produced storied rivalries and never felt bigger.
The documentary feel of "Borg versus McEnroe" makes it exciting to watch. The tennis action is first-rate and I was engaged in the drama from start to finish.
Ably shot by Niels Thastum, the movie looks less frenetic than many others in its genre. But the story drags without much narrative tension, and by the end you just want the match to happen so there's some movement onscreen.
Smoothly crafted, satisfyingly earnest...
The movie's biggest revelation - at least it was a revelation to me - is just how alike these two men were beneath their outward personas.
The film's main fault is how it drags between matches, but there's enough here that most hardcore tennis fans will find enough to love.
LaBeouf is the best thing about the movie. He captures McEnroe's drive and his "Super Brat" side, which is easy enough for an actor of his skill, but also his pain, his need to please his father.
It's the devotion to that emotional truth that allows [Janus] Metz and cinematographer Niels Thastum to step back, avoiding any major visual tricks.
One of "Borg vs. McEnroe's" strongest elements is the growing realization on both sides that each man mirrors the other.
"Borg vs. McEnroe" does a sharp job holding attention away from the court, finding ways to keep personalities as engaging as the titular showdown.
It's a compelling story with much to recommend it: fascinating details about both men, plus an agonizingly close final game that will bring your heart into your throat.
The film - which is nowhere near as interesting as LaBeouf's performance - is hopelessly reductive about its subjects' psychology even as it mocks the press of 1980 for being reductive about its subjects' psychology.
An engaging feature-length response to the trivia question "Who won the Wimbledon men's singles title in 1980?"
What makes [Sverrir] Gudnason's performance so remarkable is this: Every moment he is on the screen, he expresses the interiority of a man who can't afford to lose even one match
[I]n Borg vs. McEnroe you get a sense of what it was like to battle personal demons before the entire world.
Both were somewhat haunted. But their demons are different, and in using those differences as interwoven strings of gut reactions, Metz gives leads Shia LaBeouf and Sverrir Gudnason the racquet tension they need to keep the ball spinning.
This fabulous, moody film isn't your typical jock flick where bitter rivals compete to a crowning, sweaty end.
Excruciatingly suspenseful and unexpectedly moving portrait of the on-court rivalry between the two great tennis players... and the intriguing secret layer to the public dynamic between them.
In the end, we've learned a fair bit from Borg vs McEnroe about what was behind the façade of Bjorn Borg, and very little about John McEnroe that a verbally abused line-judge couldn't already tell us.
God help the LaBeouf haters out there, but this is a great performance.
Even the depiction of how both men waver during the Wimbledon final, of Borg losing his cool while McEnroe avoids succumbing to petulance, fails to tie into the larger portrait of their rivalry.
This drama captures the excitement of perhaps the most exciting tennis match in history.
Tennis legends Bjorn Borg and John McEnroe's epic rivalry hits the big screen with a fierce backhand. Borg vs. McEnroe captures the essence of the players, the pressures they faced, and their thrilling match.
Both characters are presented sympathetically - which may surprise when it comes to the belligerent McEnroe - and makes the tournament's final match that much more exciting for those unaware of what happened; for those who do, it's still worth reliving.
LaBoeuf has been enjoyably unhinged in films lately and he chews his way greedily through McEnroe, savouring every unpredictable tic, cuss and hissy fit.
The film provides insight for anyone interested in the world of professional sport and the different paths that exist to become a champion.
The intense, and intensely scrutinised, rivalry between Swedish tennis great Bjorn Borg and American John McEnroe during Wimbledon in 1980 gets a terrific, energetic recreation in an historical sports drama that easily matches the Battle of the Sexes.
Borg's motto, 'one point at a time,' is also perhaps the most significant life lesson that one can take home from this stunning masterpiece that studies two men, who played to win.
Borg Vs McEnroe is an even-handed sports movie that merits a look-see.
There's just about enough tennis and not enough psychology in the 107-minute running time, the numerous pensive close-ups notwithstanding.
It could - and I know this is stepping into some very murky conspiracy theory territory - be one of LaBeouf's elaborate performance art pieces to exonerate himself - in which case, well played, sir.
In the end, Borg vs McEnroe feels like an excellent primer for those born too late to remember the pair in their pomp and an interesting character study for those who were gripped by their contrasting styles.
... a fascinating exposé of the behind-the-scenes psychology that drove these world-class players and gave them the reputations they've carried for life.
Surprisingly sombre in tone, Metz's debut scripted feature film ambitiously delves into the psychology of these two men, and that of elite sportspeople in general ... Borg's crisis of confidence and McEnroe's arrogance result in two unlikeable leads.
The casting is inspired.
... The film has enough elements to be attractive even to neophytes of the sport. [Full review in Spanish]
Both players are fascinating characters in their own right. Even more so once their stridently different temperaments come into play.
A compelling and concentrated drama that doesn't waste a frame.
McEnroe's "unsportsmanlike behaviour" is a no-brainer fit for LaBeouf, who attacks the tennis enfant terrible's profanity-filled, racket-throwing antics with gusto.
...more interesting in what's going on in the heads of the protagonists rather than on the court between them...
In general, Borg Mcenroe is an excellent movie that you can enjoy from start to finish. [Full Review in Spanish]
Hollywood bad boy Shia LaBeouf is perfect as former tennis bad boy John McEnroe. He slams in a career-best turn in what's otherwise a largely inert sports movie.
Borg McEnroe is a movie that's all about the performances.
... the outcome is an ace service. [Full review in Spanish]
It is a journey to the emotions, obsessions, mania and extreme stress that each competitor lived in the days and hours before the confrontation that captivated the world's attention. [Full review in Spanish]
... Borg vs McEnroe is a recognizable point in the recent panorama of sports cinema. [Full review in Spanish]
Swedish actor Sverrir Gudnason is astonishingly convincing as the ice-cool Borg, while Shia LaBeouf gives it his best shot as the volatile McEnroe -- and, yes, we do get the notorious "You cannot be serious!"
The temptation in biographical drama to reduce the subjects to simple psychological flashpoints should be resisted by anyone hoping to operate on an artistic plane higher than the average TV movie.
Borg vs McEnroe succeeds in immortalising two titans of the game of tennis all the while capturing exactly what makes the game so interesting.
Metz's film feels made of papier-mâché: a hollow wraparound of press cuttings that cannot get beyond the headlines for the simple reason that it is constructed from them.
The film works (for much of its running time, at least) because the myth being peddled is an appealing one.
Whether or not you know the outcome, this is a cracking watch.
Fails to turn its title characters into three-dimensional people, leaning into their public personas instead of sketching in the details that would make them feel genuine.
[Shia] LaBeouf makes McEnroe his own, while costar Sverrir Gudnason does a remarkable approximation of Borg, right down to his walk and hockey-derived backhand.
Tennis in movies doesn't work. We know that.
[Shia] LaBeouf is great value as McEnroe in his hair-trigger mood.
The final match is an absolute nail-biter, reminding tennis fans how electric this sport can be.
The real drama was played out over four hours on Saturday 5 July 1980; this is merely a slight, if solidly entertaining, belated overture.
A brilliant score and wonderful characters - Stellan Skarsgard and Tuva Novotny are joyous - means Borg Vs McEnroe is darned exciting in spite of itself.
The lack of any real bad blood between all-time tennis greats Björn Borg and John McEnroe makes the title a touch misleading, yet this surprisingly low-key sports drama still has a story worth telling.
A handsome, well-made trip down memory lane that works best if you've forgotten the final score.
A superior sports biopic with a never-better LaBeouf? You cannot be serious! But it only fully gets to grips with the ice-cool Swede.
LaBeouf ... brings the film alive whenever he's on screen and, thanks to some CGI augmentation, the tennis looks convincing enough.
Borg McEnroe is informative and well-acted but also very predictable.
It doesn't have the dramatic smarts to lend either surprising tension or excitement to otherwise familiar events, or shed any new light on them.
Borg/McEnroe may be Scandivanian-centric but benefits from an American co-star who knows a thing or two about achieving his own grand slam.
Borg/McEnroe is more than just a terrific tennis film, it's a rich and detailed examination of elite competition itself.
Lights a subtle glow under Borg, simmering his troubled introspection with help from Sverrir Gudnason's well-acted and startling lookalike.
The combined effect of a corner-cutting script and superficial direction is that Gudnason comes off as a capable, photogenic doppelgänger - no more, no less.
Matters would have been better if the makers had taken their hand off the throttle, quietened it down by just a few notches and let the story breathe a bit more. A valiant attempt though and not a bad film at all.
Some decent impersonations, but tries too hard to make everything feel meaningful.
A sports film with an arthouse sensibility. It benefits greatly from its chosen subject matter - two of the most remarkable characters in sporting history - but only manages to truly get under the skin of one of them.
McEnroe's side of the story is merely skimmed, with a rushed night out on the town summing up his social life, but the film draws interesting parallels between the players' psychology and illustrates their mutual respect.
While LaBeouf's personal history risks making the casting feel too on the nose, he brings a vulnerable fury to the character that never feels gratuitous.
This isn't a movie, it's a two hour Wikipedia entry.
It may be watchable fare boosted by two dedicated performances worthy of discussion, yet this sports biopic - unlike the showdown it builds towards - fails to feel like one for the ages.
Much like a long game of tennis, Borg/McEnroe is frustrating to watch - a case of missed opportunities, with rare flashes of brilliance, but a grand slam is never forthcoming.
What we're left with is a staid little movie that races around the court and rallies itself to exhaustion, a historical drama that enshrines the narrative underpinnings of all great sports stories without doing anything to upend them.
[Borg/McEnroe] is perfectly watchable but carefully chosen not to annoy the kind of square, moneyed audience that turns up for opening nights.
There's a remarkable feedback loop happening with LaBeouf and McEnroe, and the push-pull of likability/disgust is the best thing about this movie.
Just as many sports movies before have done, and many more will after, "Borg/McEnroe" shines a light on the sacrifices necessary to achieve greatness. It's just a shame that the movie itself doesn't have the same ambition.
Delving into these details was what made this film slightly better than your average sports movie, although I still feel it didn't quite free itself from all the cliches associated with the genre.
Shia LaBeouf's John McEnroe, a firecracker of energy and anxiety waiting to burst at every moment, is the film's strongest asset as it continues to sideline him.
With LaBeouf giving the performance of his career and a well-told story that hits all the right beats, Borg vs McEnroe may just well go down as a great tennis film.
Game, set and almost a great movie.
Straightforward and reasonably entertaining, but would have worked better as a documentary.
It's a sports movie for masochistic, vainglorious athletes.
You cannot deny the appeal of stripping away the talk so we see the vulnerability swirling beneath.
Though it never justifies the overblown Andre Agassi quote used as its preface ("every match is a life in miniature"), the picture certainly shows how a single match can be made to feel like the world depends on it.
A love-all crowdpleaser for the most part, more Borg than McEnroe thanks to an arresting performance from lookalike Sverrir Gudnason.
Playing tennis may not seem the best use of Shia LaBeouf's talents, but the star is terrific in a role that shrewdly plays off his controversial off-screen persona.
Ronnie Sandahl's script is frustratingly simplistic, quickly establishing that the only real difference between Borg and McEnroe was that McEnroe had yet to learn to control the single-mindedness that made him a great player.
It's too bad Borg/McEnroe didn't have a little more fun along the way.
This tennis film feels like a two-hour baseline rally, and it's not just the rackets that are made of wood.

@highlight

Borg vs McEnroe makes tennis improbably cinematic -- and brings the absolute best out of Shia LaBeouf, who delivers some of the best work of his career.