While the direction was unexceptional, the credible performances elevated a film trying to justify the acts of its characters through a chain of emotional states that relate to trauma, loss, rancor, prejudice, and violence.
As subtle as its characters are stubborn, and with a couple of genuinely eye-rolling narrative twists - one of which I am still laughing at to this day.
Bolstered by intelligent writing and polished, energetic direction, The Insult makes for stimulating viewing.
Ziad Doueiri's fourth film is particularly strong when recounting the lack of working rights of refugees in Lebanon.
Performances are earthy and real, narrowly avoiding tipping over into melodrama even when the script veers in that direction.
[Ziad] Doueiri's film transcends its simple and explicit exposition... [Full Review in Spanish]
[The Insult] makes clear that nothing is black and white in the Middle East, but an infinite variety of grays. [Full Review in Spanish]
The Insult is cruel and impious at times, deeply humanistic and empathetic in others. [Full Review in Spanish]
It's too evident that the entire narrative exists with the sole purpose of dispensing a moral: there are wounds that never heal... [Full review in Spanish]
The protagonists are presented honestly; each has virtues and darkness. [Full Review in Spanish]
... eloquently portrays not only the galloping dehumanization that the world is living through, but above all its... deep contempt for the most basic human values ​​that inhabit the world's geopolitics... [Full review in Spanish]
A well-intentioned misfire...
Ziad Doueiri's latest film shows how the embers of history can stay warm for a long time, easily flaring up under the right circumstances - even those that seem innocuous.
Mr. Doueiri's film sheds light on Lebanon's wonderfully different court procedures, which allow all sorts of cross-talk, incendiary speeches and interruptive plaintiff-defendant involvement.
The well-shot movie does get under the skin of its main characters, who, in the end, keep letting masculine pride stand in the way of their better selves.
The Insult does a nice job of touching on issues such as hate crimes and free speech without trying to push the audience too hard on one side or another.
The Insult has much to teach Western audiences about life in Lebanon.
While the truisms come fast and furious (think of an episode of "Perry Mason"), the underlying theme of hypocritical people willing to kill in the name of religion never fails to land its punches.
Still, the film is a lesser one as it becomes a made-for-TV trial melodrama, with actors delivering oratorical speeches and the plot spinning several times with contrived, made-to-shock revelations.
"The Insult" is optimistic enough to leave the door open to hope. But it's also realistic enough to only leave it ajar.
The Insult doesn't offer any easy answers ... but it lays out plenty of evidence, provides introspection, and educates.
It shows that even in the most hostile of situations, with all of our prejudices in front of and behind us, we're still in this together.
Deals very directly-at times extremely bluntly-with the subject of political discord.
The Insult works best when Doueiri spends time examining the root system of hate.
The film's pitch perfect pacing and the superbly written political drama, coupled with its humanitarian factor, make it not only one of the best foreign films of 2017, but one of the best films of the year.
Extraordinary, nuanced acting and exceptional camerawork give every scene palpable tension.
The dialogue in The Insult is punchy, the editing brisk, and the performances kept just a notch below swaggering exaggeration, as you might expect from a writer-director who has worked with Tarantino.
...engages via its performances, particularly El Basha's inward one, but this political courtroom drama is built upon a pretty simple premise goosed with a reveal twist.
Politically incendiary, emotionally incandescent.
With the political landscape throughout the world so strained, whether referring to Lebanon or the United States, The Insult takes on a global relevance in its message.
... powerful new movie directed by Ziad Doueiri...
This is a film with its heart in the right place, to the point it has little balance elsewhere.
If it stumbles a bit from a burden of overly expositional passages ... it nevertheless packs a powerful enough dramatic punch that resonates long afterwards.
The Insult reveals that all of its setup is only in the service of a naïvely idealistic message.
While the Oscar-nominated film is certainly wordy, sometimes makes its points too bluntly and softens toward the close, it proves a powerful intimate drama with broader overtones.
It occasionally loses a bit of steam, but Doueiri understands that the fate of every one of his characters is also the fate of a troubled country. Wisely, he refuses to allow us to forget those stakes.
We may not be able to export democracy to the Middle East, but exporting Law & Order has been a piece of cake.
In reviewing that film, I noted that "answers prove more elusive than questions." The Insult brings forth a similar reaction from me. The film allows its participants to find individual solutions but provides few state resolutions or conclusions.
"The Insult" drives the point home while offering insight into the Middle East conflict (it's at least part history lesson) by way of a riveting courtroom drama enhanced by terrific performances.
"The Insult" doesn't offer a tidy resolution or easy answers - just a lot of questions worth pondering.
The Insult may have been made with a Lebanese audience in mind, but it sure feels relevant elsewhere throughout the world right about now.
Regardless of its high aims, most of what The Insult offers-unlikely last-minute reveals, argumentative lawyers, stone-faced judges-is the stuff of a diverting, junky courtroom drama.
Viewers seeking a solid political or courtroom drama, or simply something with depth, should give "The Insult" a look.
The Insult brings that familiar tension home to Beirut, with a roster of intense performances to add the human dimension to what is essentially a courtroom drama...
Director Ziad Doueiri's Best Foreign-Language Film Oscar nominee from Lebanon is a crackling legal thriller that boils down centuries of Middle Eastern conflict into one reckless insult - and lets the sparks fly
There is much that individuals and even world leaders can learn from The Insult.
... even if you don't buy that prospect, The Insult is a terrific yarn with deep characters, superb acting, sharp dialogue and entertainment value that transcends its historical importance.
Well-written, thoughtful and revelatory in all the right ways...
It's quite a riveting and though-provoking journey, with compelling and nuanced performances all around, and, although it is quite serious, not without moments of levity.
Though well-meaning and crafted, the film is also a Hollywood-ized version of history, doubtless the reason it's up for a Best Foreign Language Film Oscar.
A powerful and impeccably crafted tale arguing for the crucial importance of addressing history and facing down trauma... Doueiri weaves a starkly intimate fable of violence that's at once deeply personal and universally, globally relevant.
It's a fascinating job of acting, in that Karam seems to be opening up his soul even as he's not giving an inch.
A tense courtroom thriller, revolving around the notion of sincerity versus stability.
Rotten much more for the politics than for the narrative skill. I'd advise waiting for it to show up on HBO, especially if you understand civil war in terms of social conflict rather than as a Hatfield-McCoy feud.
The Insult fairly hurtles along, throwing not just Muslims against Christians, but also husbands against wives and fathers against daughters. Part of the film is a crackerjack courtroom drama. What's dull is the trajectory.
The Insult is an honest and affecting argument for empathy, led by two excellent performances.
The year is not even two weeks old but it already has one electrifyingly brilliant film to its credit.
... crafts a compelling framework to discuss lingering Middle East tensions and sociopolitical issues that are felt around the world.
A spiritual masterwork about the harm that can be done with cruel and dehumanizing words.
Doueiri wrestles with the complexities of history and morality without ignoring the humanity of the individuals caught in this frightening maelstrom of a story.
It's a fascinating sociological document disguised as narrative cinema...
Another powerful, superbly performed contemporary drama from Ziad Doueiri.
What works gradually, cumulatively and quite brilliantly, though, is a kind of bigger-bang theory that depicts parallel universes of anger and hurt growing out of the gutter kerfuffle.
An engrossingly blunt instrument of a movie ...
Gripping entertainment, passionate and humane, fascinating in the particulars of its court proceedings and political maneuvering, convincing in its insistence that a dumb fight over a leaking gutter could upend a fractious country.
The Insult grips the audience from start to finish.
There is something undeniably exhilarating about the film's honest assessment of the never-ending conflict between decency and cruelty that rages in every nation, neighborhood and heart.
Ziad Doueiri's film is well acted and staged with periodic liveliness, but its earnestness grows wearying.
As a study of inflammation in the body politic, "The Insult" is engaged and astute. In comparison with "West Beirut," though, it seems oddly programmatic in its moral layout, designed to prove that, in Wajdi's phrase, "no one has a monopoly on suffering."
A courtroom drama in Lebanon explodes into nationwide rallies in a conflict that pits a Palestinian refugee against a Christian citizen.
The script (penned by Ziad Doueiri with assistance from Joelle Touma) is fascinatingly able to paint both Tony and Yasser as sympathetic, exploring each character and their prejudices equally
For all its bluntness, The Insult confronts us with the true complexity of the Middle Eastern conflict and the ways in which war obliterates the ideas of victimhood and responsibility, rendering the justice system farcically inadequate.
As drama, The Insult is only about halfway convincing, but as a rhetorical intervention against Lebanon's legacy of division it has merit.
How Joelle Touma's script progresses is heavy-handed in its desire to augment the tensions and provide justifications, but it's still powerful nonetheless.
The latest allegorical drama from Lebanese auteur Doueiri (West Beirut, The Attack) draws on the history of the Middle East and long-standing tensions between Palestinians and Lebanese Christians. But even without that subtext, the film would still play.
Working its way through courtroom arguments, the movie never transcends the main tension established early on, but Doueiri does a competent job of exploring the sources of anger on both sides without valorizing either of them.
The film can't be faulted for its attempt to argue for some kind of humane kinship and reconciliation, even if this attempt ends up dissolving the enmity in a sentimentality that, given what has come before, strains credibility.
This gorgeously shot and classily acted feature might be a reel too long but is nonetheless a fascinating piece of work ...
It's a bold and timely play with fire, but also a sensitive, good-humoured probe into human weakness - especially of the male kind.
The tinderbox of Lebanese politics and identity sparks into a controlled conflagration in Ziad Doueiri's calculatedly explosive drama "The Insult."

@highlight

The Insult uses its familiar courtroom drama framework to deliver a hard-hitting statement on modern Middle Eastern politics that's as gripping as it is thought-provoking.