[The Tree is] one of the most personally striking films of the year.
[It] would be much easier to write off as silly and self-serious, if it weren't so involving.
It's well worth seeing the performance of young Morgana Davies as Simone, a child who becomes convinced that her late father speaks and listens to her through the comforting branches of the tree next to her house.
In the end, The Tree is something of a stretch; but it's a good stretch, a mix of mysticism and family dynamics both satisfying and intriguing.
Pacing problems and shallow psychological inquiries plague this film almost as much as the overworked metaphor that supplies the film's title.
"The Tree" might have suffered from too much symbolism if not for writer-director Julie Bertuccelli's deft touch and Gainsbourg's appealing performance.
A wonderfully embraceable little film, one that is at turns honeysuckle-sweet, cherry blossom-delicate, and as comforting as the shade of a City Park oak.
Despite the potential for some supernatural grandiosity, the tone here remains understated and quiet, and Gainsbourg's performance feels lived-in, and deep, and right.
It's a quiet film and a quietly moving one.
The arboreal metaphor is overworked as the tree's roots choke off the rural home's water supply, but the story has a winning, fable-like directness.
The destructive nature of the family's inability to move on from the past starts being heavily telegraphed by characters having heart-to-hearts with the tree's branches, or those same branches invading the house in calamitous ways.
Despite its eccentric, boldly obvious central metaphor, the film feels bland and oddly inconsequential.
Beautifully filmed in the harsh, dry landscape, "The Tree" is often mesmerizing...
t may sound like a Stephen King horror yarn but The Tree's a meandering, mystical tale of dealing with a tragic loss.
The symbolism is both crude and vague, the atmosphere dreary, and not before time there comes a tornado to solve everyone's problems.
Expert at being riven, by grief, sex or just about anything else, Gainsbourg is as intense as ever.
The imagery is almost unendurably self-conscious, and Gainsbourg, with her low, musical, murmuring voice, gives the kind of performance you suspect she can do standing on her head. Her final lines are irritating beyond belief.
The characters grandstand and goof off with increasing glumness.
Gainsbourg's skilful but customarily tense performance can make the whole thing a slightly brittle experience - imagine how Toni Collette might have warmed the general aura.
Slow, overlong and short on emotion.
Combining simple family drama with hints of understated magical realism, the feature sees grief-stricken mum of four Charlotte Gainsbourg struggling to get her life back on track following her husband's sudden death.
Unusual and endearing.
This is an emotionally engaging drama with strong performances, particularly from the child actors, but it's also a good twenty minutes too long and doesn't quite get the tone right, which leads to the occasional unintentionally hilarious moment.
A tender, well sketched drama of familial reconnection that for the most part successfully balances the literal and metaphorical in its telling of coping with loss.
Initially promising, this Aussie weepie branches unconvincingly into magic realism, with symbolism so clunky it hampers Gainsbourg's involving turn.
By now it should be obvious that Gainsbourg is one of international cinema's most versatile portrayers of characters, as well as one of its most adventurous.
An eerie and unsettling adaptation of Judy Pascoe's novel that impresses more for its atmospherics than its narrative.
It's simply vagueness.
It's not exactly subtle. But it works.
Bertuccelli uses the scrubbed topography of Queensland, Australia, to mostly eloquent effect, although her mystical symbols can be as on-the-nose as her dialogue.
What makes The Tree feel like a movie about actual people and not just writer's constructs are the powerful performances by Gainsbourg and young Davies.
This is an easy movie to watch. If only Julie Bertuccelli had more trust in her most interesting stuff.
A movie that's content to stand still.
The film succeeds most when it sticks to a detached naturalism, both in long shots of the landscape and the interactions of the subdued, complex characters.
Bertucelli, who previously made Since Otar Left, extracts heart-felt performances from her cast, especially Gainsbourg.
Is the tone sentimental? Yes, but only as much as the material requires-no insulin is necessary.
In the end, the metaphor dominates. At every turn, the fig tree makes a statement.
[VIDEO] You won't laugh, won't cry, you won't care.
"The Tree" falls short of being revelatory, yet has a mysterious, sturdy power that grows on you.
"The Tree" is slow-moving, but if given a chance, it will (pardon the pun) grow on you.
The movie is truly a tree-hugger's delight (I confess to being one such hugger) that makes the most of its metaphors without straining toward supernatural schmaltz.
Large doses of charm and sparkling performances fill sweeping landscapes.
Steady but slightly lacking.
The Tree is well-acted, and Bertuccelli successfully makes some obvious metaphors come off as unforced.
A beautiful and beguiling Australian film about love, loss, mystery and the resources needed to hold together a grieving family.
The movie's mundane account of moving on is ultimately more gripping than its wooden metaphors.
In her second film, writer-director Julie Bertuccelli is sometimes partial to clumsy dialogue. But Gainsbourg and Davies, almost feral with her mass of untamed blond curls, make a memorable parent-child pair.
While there's a fine line between the sacred and kitschy, Julie Bertuccelli's film nearly always falls on the latter half of the divide.
All the performances in The Tree are first-rate, but as Simone, it's Morgana Davies who really carries the film.
By the time we reach the climactic ending, the script clearly calls for an exorcist with a chainsaw to trim back this metaphor run amok.
It's a small film, almost a parable in its simplicity and predictability, but it gains extra strength from its hybrid industrial origins.
The picture's highlight is a stunning performance by an eight-year-old girl.
The film's fairly blunt expository dialogue might have been usefully trimmed, but the elemental conflict is expressively filmed.
full review at Movies for the Masses
The Tree is a warm, modern-day fable that avoids schmaltzy sentimentality ... It deals with death and grief not with rose-tinted glasses, but with painful clarity.
This film has both imagination and an easy naturalism, just teetering on the edge of magic realism, in its approach.
Designed and shot with thoughtful flair, the film's visuals reinforce the odd tale every step of the way.
The grief is there, the emergence from it is heartfelt as seen through the splendid performance by Gainsbourg, but the catharsis is slightly unsatisfying. Nevertheless, this is another very good addition to the line-up of Australian films this year.
In spite of its exotic backing, the movie floats along like many of the drippier local dramas of the past decade, more content to tread water than make a splash.
It's a ruminative, universal exploration of grief and the life force that can flow from it. Quite literally, life taking over.
Loss is central to this story, but this isn't another Australian film that will be accused of being bleak. It's realistic yet hopeful, a little mystical and simply quite beautiful.
There have been other films as lovely as The Tree, but for haunting beauty and strangeness, this Australian-French co-production, directed by Julie Bertuccelli and shot in a bare stretch of countryside in Queensland, is hard to beat.
It leaves me unmoved, although I can see why it appeals to some, with its ethereal touches, its internal workings and its cute children, all wrapped in the melancholy story of a husband and father taken too soon from them in an outback accident.
The film's rewards are slight and patience is needed through the frustrations and contrivances
The Tree is a tame frolic in the rockpools of domestic mysticism... neither terribly bad nor remarkably good.
The combination of the stunning cinematography, restrained Magical Realism, strong acting and character driven narrative makes The Tree a mesmerising experience.

@highlight

Though it leans rather heavily on its central metaphor, The Tree is a moving and ultimately hopeful meditation on grief with shades of magical realism.