It's nice to have something this sincere and comforting out in the world.
Sure, it's a film for the toddlers, but that doesn't mean the adults can't find something good from it.
Director Matthew O'Callaghan and screenwriter Ken Kaufman haven't tried to create a film that's hip, just one that's funny and sweet, and in that sense they've succeeded.
This harmless but charmless caper will have everybody except the most undemanding tot fidgeting.
Gentle enough to satisfy the wee ones but has little to offer their adult companions...
George's character has been intensely cutesified here, with little of the subversive edge which remains the secret of his lasting appeal.
The welcome absence of strained cleverness qualifies as one of its biggest virtues.
It's a gentle, unhurried, largely hand-drawn children's cartoon with a nice simple storyline and no nods and winks to the grown-ups.
George is just so darn cute with his big eyes and bright smile and perpetually sunny disposition, he's pretty much impossible to resist.
A decent distraction for the young ones, it also seems content to be merely that.
A great kids' film, and a vehicle for a beloved character that will hopefully send parents scurrying to the bookstore for the genuine article.
It's harmless, colourful fun, but even the very young are used to better.
Inocente como seu público-alvo (as crianças menores), é um filme cuja base reside no carinho entre seus dois personagens principais. E, embora isto não gere uma narrativa exatamente intensa, conquista pelo calor de seus sentimentos.
It's good old-fashioned family entertainment.
The whole thing might be a bit more bearable were it not for the tooth-rotting sweetness of Jack Johnson's songs, which are all about learning by doing, and how important it is to have friends, and other such guff.
Based on the classic series of children's books by Margret and HA Rey, this gently comical animated movie perfectly catches the tone of the adventure tales. It's a charming little film that shouldn't be left to children.
A shock for those expecting grown-up laughs, Curious George is that rarest of breeds: a kids' film through and through.
Enjoyable, brightly coloured and sharply written animation that will delight its target audience while leaving accompanying adults pleasantly surprised.
Director Matthew O'Callaghan supplies a bright, cheerful look that will please small kids, but parents hardly need rush them to the theater; the video will do just as well.
It is a sweet, simple movie with a sweet, simple message: that children see the world differently and have much to teach the people who love them.
Cute but never cloying, uncomplicated but not simple-minded, 'Curious George' is as light, energetic and satisfying as a flip through one of the storybooks that bear his name.
Small children might enjoy the title character's slapstick antics, but there's not much here to satisfy adults seeking a dose of nostalgia.
Curious about the family fare that's out there? Well, wonder no more: "Curious George" is the perfect outing for every member of your household.
Curious George is probably the purest family movie in years.
What a rare pleasure to see a classic book adapted for the screen and walk out feeling neither bored, offended nor outraged.
King Kong gets small, very small, in this cheery big-screen version of the popular series of children's books by H.A. and Margret Rey.
Five year olds should enjoy the film, but grownups will be bored out of their skulls
Curious George is unbearable animated torture: monotonous, hackneyed and lethally cute
Curious George is a sweet and gentle film that views the world as a wonderful place to be explored.
The artwork, I liked it, is faithful to the original, but to tell people my age, or someone 25, that they should see nine or ten bucks to see this movie I can't do it.
It's tragic when the stilted dialogue, silly physical humor and meaningless plot lines come crashing down over this peace and calm fit for a Sunday morning.
Curious George is an adorable and heartening adaptation that does the classic children's tale justice.
This gentle little film about the monkey whose curiosity gets him into trouble and the man who befriends him will make 4-8-year olds very happy and give their parents a chance for a nice nap.
Could've used a little feces flinging
The makers of Curious George have so little respect for the original book that they thought they should spice things up with a robot dog.
Captures the feel of the book, where a pseudo-toddler gets away with just about everything and everybody loves him for it.
Curious George's titular round-headed monkey is so darn cute, start rehearsing all the reasons why wild animals would not make good pets.
Molasses-sweet, plot-heavy and pandering.
Despite eerie narrative parallels with King Kong, the most curious thing about Curious George is how gentle it is.
The filmmakers have beautifully captured the look and feel of illustrator H.A. Rey's original artwork, while finding clever ways to incorporate bits of writer Margaret Rey's original Curious George adventures into the story.
Although the makers of Curious George decided a 21st century update was necessary, they fill the movie with enough tributes to the Reys to take a lot of the sting away.
The story, though stretched, is cute.
To paraphrase a one-time American vice presidential candidate, I know Curious George and this, sir, is no Curious George.
When children are so into a movie that they don't make a peep or kick the back of your theater seat, it is a success.
This is an adaptation that is absolutely faithful to the child's-eye-view books, down to the name of the ship that brings George from Africa -- the H.A. Rey.
Sidesteps the mistakes made by the Seuss films and winds up as delightful and as reassuring as the bedtime stories it tries to emulate.
Fans curious about George should explore the inquisitive simian's literary exploits rather than this big-screen banana.
While I'm happy to say that Curious George isn't the catastrophe that the Seuss films were, I can't recommend it wholeheartedly.
Despite 16 years in development and drafts by many prominent Hollywood screenwriters, the finished product (credited to O'Callaghan and Mike Webb) feels undeveloped, like a 10-minute TV cartoon stretched to barely feature length.
Skip the movie altogether, and buy one of the books, instead.
The movie is refreshingly fun without being snarky, because George's appeal lies in his complete innocence.
Curious George is that rare Hollywood movie that absolutely nails the spirit of its source material, presenting the simian hero of Margret and H.A. Rey's children's series with a genuine gentleness and affable good spirit.
It seems, well, curious that former child star Ron Howard --the beloved 'Opie' himself -- should have carved out a profitable side career as a despoiler of classic children's picture books.
Younger kids will probably love George's slapstick antics, but adults hoping for wink-wink jokes working on another level may well be bored into oblivion.
Visually, the movie benefits from a charming animation style, a traditional 2-D approach layered with shadows and backlit halos. But it benefits most from George, still worming his way into people's hearts.
It has a cute story and catchy songs and they know who really needs to like this movie (hint, it's not the grownups).
The biggest surprise of Curious George is how it keeps consistently entertaining at a kids' level.
The end result, however comparatively thin in theme and execution, is a sort of tot treat...and thus exactly what those parents are looking for.
Artful simplicity may be an impossible quality in a modern children's movie, so Curious George opts instead for mayhem under a blanket of sweetness. The little ones understand.
Fun if you're under the age of 6.
The energy level never flags long enough for the little ones to be bored.
It's the complete opposite of the pushy, loud-mouthed, smart-alecky stuff that dominates children's cinema.
While Curious George seems innocuous, it's also slow going for adults and some kids (a couple of bored 8-year-olds walked out during a preview screening).
Even eight and nine year olds may find they are 'too old' for it, but for the pre-school and early grade audience, this is going to be a big hit.
The skillful 2D-CGI animation hybrid starts out charmingly enough, with cute sight gags and general monkeying around, but...even kids may lose interest in the labored story.
I'm not going to lie to you. Curious George isn't the greatest animated film to come down the pike, but it is very cute and it has a lot of heart.
Don't look for sassy 'Hoodwinked'-style humor here: George and his friends are a far more easy-going crowd, and they're drawn accordingly, in cheerful, luminescent colors.
Isn't so much of a travesty as it is an unnecessary waste of time.
Set in modern times, the colorfully drawn film retains an innocence from the source material, but doesn't lack for wit.
George is mild, toothless and amusing only for the smallest children.
George is a constant delight and, if it doesn't completely replicate the amiable book experience, it understands what makes George such an enduring and lovable character.
When the opening of the Curious George movie tugged those same heartstrings in my old, cynical soul... I knew this was going to work.
Parents will see the story's obvious twists and turns coming from a mile away, but will relish listening to the hysterical laughter of their young kids enjoying the slapstick antics
How much would you have paid to see seasoned comics Ferrell and Barrymore dive into a live-action George with an actual monkey?
The film's version of George -- while shifting slightly from the books -- is as effortlessly appealing as anyone could hope for.
It's pretty elementary.
As simple, friendly, kid-appropriate and nontoxic as any major motion picmerchtainment franchise could ever hope to be.
If you count yourself among the curious, spend an afternoon with George.
If these virtues sound passive, it's because the movie is passive, not to mention overplotted and misfocused.
Disney animation vet Matthew O'Callaghan pushes color and character over visual artistry, but George proves a big enough star to carry his first feature
The movie, particularly the endearing George, should appeal to young children, and the humor should elicit a few chuckles among their parents as well.
The makers of Curious George have figured out how to make an innocent cartoon that will amuse knee-nuzzlers without hitting adults like a liter of chloroform.
Adults and kids older than 12 may find the story a few bananas short of a bunch, but expect the younger set to find it curiously satisfying.
With top-drawer voice talent and old-fashioned two-dimensional animation that echoes the simple colors and shapes of the books, Curious George is an unexpected delight.
The movie is faithful to the spirit and innocence of the books, and director Matthew O'Callaghan and his team create a visual look that is uncluttered, charming, and not so realistic that it undermines the fantasies on the screen.
Because almost all animated films now are computer generated, the 2-D animated Curious George has the not-unpleasant patina of an antique.
The simple joyful quality of 'Curious George' never lets the audience down.
Become fully enraptured with a story that's bright and clear and all about sweetness.
But why on earth is a movie for very small children aiming its lessons at parents?
Not that I'm not into snark and pomo and hip, but not for this: some stuff just deserves to be left alone to be sweet and square and wonderful.
A pleasant 2-D cartoon for very young children about a frolicsome monkey who teaches a very serious young man about the pleasures of play.
The cute simian's chief function, in this age of peewee pedagogy, is to bring the clueless Ted to an awareness of his own animal nature and jazz up the museum with a little mad science.
Kaufman tosses in thudding references to cell phones and lattes, falling into modernization traps that the makers of the very respectable Winnie the Pooh films managed to avoid.
As long as you like primary colors, you should be satisfied with `Curious George.'
Ferrell proves he can be almost as annoying when unseen and merely heard, making it impossible even to enjoy 'Curious George' as the cinematic equivalent of a fluffy pillow.
I was pleasantly surprised to discover that the new cartoon of Curious George, featuring the voice of Will Ferrell as the Man in the Yellow Hat, doesn't veer all that far from the soothing tone of the books.
Curiously stagnant. ... It is a 82-minute movie which cries out to be a 5-minute cartoon.
It's cute, it bucks the trend of high-teching our classics, and it's got moments of visual cleverness and simple, childlike wonder.
Misanthropic toddlers will be rolling in the aisles.
Contrasted with the hyperactive, cacophonous aggressiveness of a Shrek or Shark Tale, Curious George's steadfast modesty is a trait worth quietly celebrating.
Rudimentary on every level, this long-gestating Universal pic based on the children's character is pitched toward the youngest of kids -- roughly ages zygote to 4 -- with direct-to-video quality animation, plotting and backgrounds.
This thoughtful adaptation gets it mostly right, from those warm visuals to the amiable cast.


@highlight

Curious George is a bright, sweet, faithful adaptation of the beloved children's books.