Set in a well-scrubbed Depression-era Cincinnati, Kit Kittredge is surprisingly effective at addressing economic hardship in terms kids can understand.
Kit Kittredge makes a wonderful summer outing for grandmothers, moms and daughters -- and the boys they invite along.
Mostly, Kit Kittredge is exactly what you'd expect -- a treacle-sweet, simplistic story about maintaining a stiff upper lip in the face of adversity, keeping your family together, and not judging a book by its cover.
Emotionally affecting but dramatically wobbly, "Kit Kittredge: An American Girl" touchingly illustrates the sting of poverty without overly resorting to childish shenanigans.
What could have been an oasis of quiet, thought provoking nostalgia turns out to be an utter bore. Yes, it's family friendly but it's also entertainment exterminating.
More depth than you would expect
When I have children, this is the kind of movie I hope they will like. It's intelligent, it's meaningful, and it doesn't condescend to kids. In fact, it actually encourages kids to think.
The movie gets by largely on its guileless, upbeat charm, and on those same qualities as found in Abigail Breslin.
The movie respects its young audience, it has a keen appreciation for what it means to be a child in a troubled world, and it knows that there's plenty to be said for the optimism that comes with innocence.
Kit Kittredge has many of the classic ingredients of a successful family tale, but it's most notable success is in the unusual themes it brings to the forefront.
...sweet-tempered and endearing, mining several layers of nostalgia...
If only all family films could be this good.
The acting is very good from this talented cast and the story is well-constructed and compelling.
As surprising as finding vegetables in a bowl of vegetable soup, Kit Kittredge still comes as a little oasis of thoughtfulness in a summer largely devoted to property damage.
With a plethora of violent and drug-related movies streaming into theaters faster than a Star Wars battleship, the heartfelt Kit Kittredge offers an enjoyable breath of fresh air.
A cute dog, feisty kids, and a great big happy ending, everything an American Girl fan would want out of the movie. That's enough to please the parents, too.
The movie would be more interesting if it weren't photographed in the amber glow we associate with Kodak commercials and other happily-ever-after exercises in nostalgia.
A very sweet family film, a cross between Annie and Nancy Drew
excellent performances, an intelligent script, rooted in the 30s, but timeless in its themes, make it an adventure and a delight, for all ages
There I sat, alone in the dark, trying to figure out why no one else was in the theater for "Kit Kittredge: An American Girl."
'Kit Kittredge' presents a wonderful role model for pre-teen girls -- and a humanistic history lesson about the Great Depression for all viewers.
It's hard to dislike a tween picture that opens with Eleanor Roosevelt, but if explaining mortgage meltdowns to their tots doesn't sent parents screaming, the performances will.
The story isn't bad and it has a good message, but the pacing drains all of the energy and fun out of what could have been an exceptional family movie.
[I]t may seem like it's part of a commercial juggernaut, but it's also a well-made and well-acted family film.
Its realism is Hollywood at its most hokey.
A gently thoughtful, audience-appropriate entertainment that assembles swell actors to play colorful characters who don't shy away from depicting serious hard times.
Manages a careful balance of entertainment and realism. It could be a Shirley Temple movie for our current hard times.
Kit Kittredge is a film you walk out of and say, "Well, that was ok." Then you move on with your life.
Paved with such good intentions that it's a shame to have to criticize it. Alas, said good intentions cannot stop the picture from being a decidedly dull and eventless experience.
The tweener girls for whom it is aimed deserve better. A mind is a terrible thing to waste.
A vibrant, character-filled mystery-comedy set during a Depression that resembles the present all too much.
This classy, heart-on-its-sleeve movie is packed with laudable life lessons and Depression-era trivia.
This is a sweet, G-rated story of 1930s girl power, with nary a princess in sight.
Kit Kittredge could be primed for a series of sequels, yet as directed by Patricia Rozema, its elemental integrity seems in direct opposition to the blockbuster or sequel-mania that fuels Hollywood.
Kit Kittredge is proof of how far you can get with the right screenwriter -- in this instance one versed in Children's Adventures 101 -- and director.
Kit Kittredge: An American Girl will please girls who appreciate determined young heroines and lessons in U.S. social and economic history.
It's corny, but maybe it provides insight as to why American Girl stories are drawn from a nostalgia-tinged past.
For what it is and for whom it's intended (young children), Kit Kittredge works and works wonderfully.
Smart, empathetic, fun loving and, best of all, a delight for all audiences.
A thoroughly satisfying and engaging children's picture that never forgets those kids probably didn't get to the theater by themselves.
That Kit largely succeeds is testament to not only its timing but also its craft.
Kit Kittredge: An American Girl is rife with feisty, generous pleasures.
There's nothing remotely cool about Kit Kittredge. That's why it's cool.
With all the good will in the world, I couldn't warm up to Kit Kittredge. The movie is like a 1930s or 1940s short about Americans pulling together, stretched out to feature length.
This tale of a little girl's determination and grit during the Depression is an honest-to-goodness family movie, one that parents and children can enjoy equally and together.
Kit Kittredge is a dutiful bore.
... girls who are into American Girls will find Kit Kittredge to be an enormously pleasing romp with one of their favorite characters.
Kit Kittredge is, as her movie and doll-line assert, An American Girl, and so she'll need to face up to her national history, embrace her responsibility, and learn a useful life lesson to boot.
Three cheers for Kit and for producer Julia Roberts for making this movie everything the devoted fans of the American Girls series hope for.
Frankly, they are lucky to have this cast. Breslin pretty much charms her way through some rough patches, and both Cusack and Tucci provide welcome comic relief.
And any film that plants such ideas in the cultural compost heap should be commended. Here's hoping they bloom.
Kit Kittredge is one of the best kid's movies to come out in years. For a moment anyway, this film made me desperately want to be a kid again.
[The filmmakers] balance the pre-teen frivolity of Kit's adventures with a gentle (and now timely) history lesson about soup kitchens, selling eggs and other symbols of the Great Depression.
Earns its lunch with disarmingly upbeat sentimentality.
The edifying lesson -- that helping others brings out the best in us -- should sit well with everyone.
Breslin keeps her cool and anchors the film in reality each time the camera crosses her face, but she fights a losing battle.
A wholesome, family-friendly adventure so good you have to wonder why nobody seems to make movies like this anymore.
A brand-new chick flick for the pre-teen set, it's sweetly wholesome and unabashedly sentimental.
A gem of a girl power tale for audiences of all genders, big and small, about a diminutive pre-feminist with a nose for news and an aversion to glass ceilings and the word 'no'.
A superb family film set in the Depression era that salutes the spiritual values of openness and hospitality in the face of class prejudice.
There's no reason why, if little girls are perfectly capable of enjoying the adventures of Harry Potter, little boys shouldn't be capable of enjoying the adventures of Kit Kittredge...
I think this film is very well-directed, and you have some very funny performances.
A fine film: for children and adults.
Rozema delivers an elegantly spry children's tale about nostalgic hardship and growing pains in the overly sentimental but uniquely inspiring Kit Kittredge.
It's not only fresh and unassuming, but a film that serves, very nicely, the severely underserved audience of young girls.
Though predictable and unabashedly sentimental, the film is a warmly appealing tale of a bright girl bravely navigating tough times.
It's fun, fast-paced, educational entertainment that's fit for the whole family -- American boys included.
Kit Kittredge is a gentle-spirited movie that also acknowledges the fact that we can't -- and shouldn't -- protect kids from everything.
One of the 10 best American movies released so far this year, Kit Kittredge: An American Girl is the surprisingly satisfying first theatrical film inspired by a long-running series of historically themed dolls.
While the script feels a little stiff and moralistic at times, it's hard to fault a film with such an intelligent, good-hearted heroine.
It appeals to kids while evoking genuine emotion without excessive sentimentality.
Kit is sweet without being sappy, cute without being cloying.
The first feature film based on the highly popular American Girl book series -- there have already been three made-for-television American Girl movies -- plays out like a sweet-souled Nancy Drew mystery.
No great shakes, but if it brings a few smiles to the younger audience members and some instant additions to their dollhouses, it will have achieved everything it set out to do.
But then, Kit, written by Ann Peacock and directed by Patricia Rozema, is that rare all-ages movie that never talks down to its audience and isn't afraid to use history to illuminate current times.
Why do so many family films think their young audiences are imbecilic?
Considering that it is inspired by one of the dolls in the American Girl product line, Kit Kittredge: An American Girl is some kind of a miracle: an actually good movie.
Refreshingly sincere and full of wholesome can-do spirit.
Sweet and engaging adventure for all ages.
Quick -- name three subjects you think would result in a surefire family film hit. If you said The Great Depression, hobo culture, and the social pariah realities of both, you'll love this movie.
This is the kind of girls' film that the dads out there won't mind taking their daughters to and, I say, will enjoy it as well.
Kit Kittredge is hopelessly vanilla entertainment, and while it's sure to please some matinee attendees, it's going to feel like a demonic endurance ritual to the less inclined.
It's all message, no tension.
I predict with great confidence that the big-screen debut of the American Girl brand will be a resounding success. This rosy prediction is based partly on the fact that Kit Kittredge is a solidly made movie...and partly on the fact that the America
Cheesier than the macaroni viewers ate before the movie, and makes you wonder why so many non-Pixar, G-rated movies talk at their demo instead of to them.
[I continue] to cling stubbornly to the dowdy notion that kids deserve better than a sugarcoated portrait of our past or, for that matter, our present.
The packaging looks good for the most part. But there's still some assembly required.
The overall glow remains golden, of course. But with a dash of realism and more than a little intelligence, Kit Kittredge becomes a kiddie film that's worth an adult ticket, too.
As the resourceful Depression-era girl, Breslin gives yet another solid performance, compensating for an old-fashioned film that's not particularly well-directed by Rozema, who shows problems with tone and mood, veering toward the obvious and sentimental
Plucky, likable and determined to succeed, much like its heroine, Kit Kittredge: An American Girl is a throwback to the kinds of movies they don't make anymore.
In a Barbie world, American Girl Kit Kittredge is a hero, and Kit Kittredge: An American Girl is heroic.
The movie and its pint-size star clear all hurdles subtly and valiantly with a surplus of charm, saving Kit Kittredge: American Girl from blandness and turning it into one of the summer's most pleasing surprises.
[T]he first two-thirds of Kit Kittredge often resembles Spike Lee's underrated Crooklyn or even Fellini's Amarcord as a memory piece that mixes sentimentality and warmth with cruelty and heartbreak.
At a time when kidflicks have turned raucous and crude, its inoffensive sweetness makes it a positively endearing throwback.
Younger girls will probably love Kit's antics and their parents won't find it too painful an experience, but it's still only a serviceable and fairly mediocre family film at best.
For a G-rated film, Kit Kittredge's profound insight into the breakdown of society and families during the Depression and the country's subsequent rebirth is surprising.
High production values, and a cast that includes Joan Cusack and Stanley Tucci, elevate the movie above its after-school-special limitations.
Breslin is sparkling in the lead role.



@highlight

Refreshingly sweet and sincere, Kit 's doll-and-book-inspired do-good mystery may be geared towards the tween girl but will please audiences of all ages.