Lame political comedy misses the mark.
Uneven, but never less than entertaining.
Man of the Year has some nice ideas and a handful of excellent scenes, but it struggles to find the right tone and is hamstrung by a ridiculous plot point.
Too compromised to be more than a reasonably pleasurable entertainment, as if it is scared about what it is saying about the American political process.
This being Robin Williams, it's hard to find his routines as vote-winningly hilarious as they're meant to be.
There are good moments, although it doesn't work properly either as a satirical thriller or a rom-com.
Cynicism or stupidity? It's hard to say which has the run of this idiotic satire in which Robin Williams plays a talk-show host who runs for president on a ticket of cleaning up politics.
One of the least convincing political satires of the millennium so far - no bite, no vision and no laughs.
Political comedy morphs into attempted thriller in this confused, fitfully entertaining film.
Trust me, a sloppily-edited, unmanageable insult to the intelligence with far too many shortcomings to deserve any further analysis.
Levinson pose les bonnes questions par le biais d'une démarche artistique un peu laborieuse, mais qui n'en demeure pas moins directe et efficace.
Eschewing personality, it mistakes pandering for insight.
If you look the other way and go with it regardless, Man of the Year can be an idealistic pleasure.
It's not a simple genre film, and some will find it complicated to digest for that reason, but if you're up for a bit of intelligent stimulation, this will reward
Man of the Year, the weaker brother of the Wag the Dog and Good Morning Vietnam polital satire family, relies heavily on conceptual humour and Robin Williams' shenanigans to carry the boneless plot through.
The Robin Williams you love. A very entertaining movie and a showcase for the brilliant Robin Williams.
The opening narration by Christopher Walken starts sucking the life out of the film before it gets a chance to gain any momentum.
It didn't know if it wanted to be a satirical comedy or a political thriller.
Robin Williams turns in his smartest, funniest performance in at least a decade.
Rarely has Williams ever seemed so rote, so glaringly sleepwalking through a role.
When the thriller plot collides with the comedy, what's left is mangled, twisted wreckage ...
Barry Levinson is a case study in narrative schizophrenia, with no idea what he wants his film to be.
Levinson has written and directed in many genres. But rarely has he made a film as indecisive and diffident as Man of the Year.
The biggest problem with Man of the Year is that, much like American Dreamz, which came out earlier this year, it simply doesn't seem to know what genre it aspires to be.
[A] piece of pithy political pap. Sadly, [this] Man has all the biting promise of a crooked two-bit hack accepting a corporate kickback at a Chucky Cheese restaurant.
It's a comedy! No, it's a romance! No, it's a thriller!
It's the same lazy performance we always get, with Williams groveling for laughs via his patented physical shtick and repertoire of stale jokes that were already passé around the time Roman emperors began chucking Christian standup comics to the lions.
Sloppy political satire ... Williams has all the edge of Tom DeLay at a Greenpeace convention.
A failure as satire -- a failure as a political thriller and a failure as an ill-conceived romance. That's three failures in the space of one movie.
Ellie's the locus for the film's instability and lack of direction, while the guys get to tromp around in its more explicitly comic terrain.
A surprisingly complex and dark satire that skewers the media as well as the political process.
Writer-director Barry Levinson had better fortune (and results) with the prescient Wag the Dog than he does with his latest political satire, the uneven and uninvolving Man of the Year.
Following poor career choices in "RV" and "The Final Cut," Robin Williams is finally back doing what he does best: intelligent stand-up comedy.
The film's writer-director and headliner are guilty of committing the very crime they warn against -- entertainers taking themselves too seriously.
Robin Williams, surprisingly subdued here, makes his character as believable as a comedian-turned-president can be.
Man of the Year is a total mess.
While they let Williams go, which is good, they don't give him enough time to do so, which isn't. What remains is a hollow political polemic with great acting.
...remains virtually intolerable throughout its overlong running time due primarily to star Robin Williams' relentless mugging and writer/director Barry Levinson's inordinately mediocre screenplay.
Robin Williams' character can't decide when to be goofy and when to play it straight, and neither can this uneven "what-if" political comedy from writer-director Barry Levinson.
Man of the Year is often so wildly off the mark in its depiction of how elections are run, it's hard to believe that it was directed by the same guy who helmed Wag the Dog.
There are several flaws in the story content and the pacing, but this movie still gets my vote.
Levinson lines up a flabby and humorless series of mini-homilies on current political evils, from corporate donations to TV ads, like a Nader-ish "plague on both your houses" scold.
The picture betrays its own underlying philosophy about the importance of comedy in politics when, for the better part of its second hour, it becomes completely humorless.
Man of the Year makes telling points and has a lot to say, but it loses its voice along with its consistency around the mid-way point, and that will likely make it an also-ran in the box office race.
The new Barry Levinson comedy Man of the Year is thirty minutes of brilliance followed by an additional ninety of disappointment.
dusty jokes about Mama Cass and Karen Carpenter -- how's that for topical humor? ... Unfortunately, most of the funny moments in 'Man' come when the film is playing it straight
In 1938, Adolph Hitler was chosen as Time's Man of the Year. Somewhere, there's a witty sequeway about this fact and just how awful Robin Williams' movie sharing the same "accolade" is.
Hey, it's Robin Williams getting elected president. Why would you turn that movie into some espionage thriller?
It's a comedy, a political thriller, a love story: Barry Levinson's Man of the Year tries to be all things to all people and fails on every count -- a little like the generic, ineffectual politicians it's pretending to excoriate.
A few observations about the hollowness of party politics, plus Robin Williams doing lots of funny shtick as a Jon Stewart-like comic running for president, have been thrown together with low regard for logic or consistent tone.
It wants laughs but isn't willing to do what it takes -- take off the gloves and land some blows to the body politic -- to earn them.
Packaged as a rollicking political comedy, writer-director Barry Levinson's much-ballyhooed reunion with Robin Williams wobbles unsteadily between broad humor and paranoid thrills. The result is a bland muddle.
Barry Levinson's Man of the Year squanders a promising premise; it's ultimately overlong, underwritten and strangely unfunny.
A genre-less, imaginative riff by an intelligent filmmaker on the state of the country.
Robin Williams doesn't need to prove he can act, not after The Fisher King, The Night Listener, Good Will Hunting and Mrs. Doubtfire. What he does in Man of the Year seems a long way from actual acting.
Man of the Year pretends to reach for a steak knife and draws a plastic spoon instead.
Man of the Year jerks unexpectedly from laughs to suspense to drama to satire. More to the point, the film doesn't really seem to have a point; it offers a parade of mixed messages.
Prepare for whiplash as Man of the Year veers in an instant from astute comedy to complete disaster.
The movie is strangely determined to move political commentary to the back row while bringing to the fore a dull, conventional thriller about electronic voting.
It's a nearly tone-deaf satire of American politics and the culture of celebrity, a comedy without enough laughs, a satire without enough bite.
[Man of the Year] ends up feeling as phony the process it so desperately wants to skewer.
The writing is lazy, the movie focuses on all the wrong things and the tone lurches unpleasantly between gum-soft comedy and lukewarm thriller.
Only in filmmaking does one very good idea plus another very good idea sometimes add up to one less-than-great picture.
Man of the Year is longer than the FDR administration, less funny than Calvin Coolidge and deader than Abe Lincoln.
A few moments do not make a new Mr. Smith Goes to Washington. Frank Capra can continue to rest in peace.
The second half of Man of the Year bears practically no relation to the irreverent comedy the movie's trailer sells you -- much like a politician who doesn't keep any of the promises that lured you to vote for him.
For a film that wants to decry business as usual, Man of the Year seems awfully content to play by the rules.
It's certainly no political classic, but it's worth at least a couple of electoral votes.
Compared to Wag The Dog, another Levinson political satire that did its dirty work before 9/11, Man Of The Year is sloppy, disjointed and weak.
Man of the Year isn't Movie of the Year. It might have been an ironic condemnation of electoral fraud and the malignant sway of corporate profits. But for a while, anyway, it had my vote.
Man of the Year is a moderately funny little movie that isn't pointed enough to successfully skewer its political targets.
Instead of a highly relevant political satire, writer-director Barry Levinson takes the easy way out and churns a paint-by-numbers tale of corporate malfeasance. Guess he had no special interests in creating a smart, savvy comedy.
Man of the Year is a well-intentioned mess, a dated, yuk-it-up sloppy civics lesson with such a lack of conviction that it backs away from the very questions it poses.
No one will mistake Man of the Year for movie of the year, but it says some things worth being said without the usual straight face.
It's all right when it's trying to be a comedy or a savvy electoral satire. But it takes a disastrous wrong turn into paranoid political thriller territory and never recovers.
Man of the Year starts out funny -- at least that's the intention -- and then morphs into a kind of paranoid thriller. Neither one of the movie's split personalities is particularly good.
There's a Preston Sturges lesson in Man of the Year: Entertaining folks is its own civic duty. At times, making citizens laugh (and think) might be the most honorable profession of all.
At a time when politicians are most in question, [director] Levinson feels no qualms about depicting the process as a hilarious and yet dangerous farce.
Williams' scene as Dobbs debating his presidential opponents alone is worth the price of admission to this film. It is laugh-out-loud hysterical.
Mainly it's a shambles, though for once Williams gets to do what he's best at (his stand-up shtick), and the absurd story, no matter how carelessly assembled, keeps moving.
[Laura Linney] shines out of this unappealing murk like a sunflower planted in a coal mine.
Man of the Year has to be one of the most frustrating dropped balls in recent multiplex memory.
Would make a terrific half-baked double bill with American Dreamz.
Warning! Don't pay any attention to the dismal promotion for this film. Despite what you see, it's an entertaining comedy-thriller.
Robin Williams and Barry Levinson evoke memories of their 1987 collaboration Good Morning, Vietnam with this insightful political dramedy. But those expecting a light-hearted farce will be sorely disappointed.
Robin Williams proves to topical comedy what Lawrence Welk is to smoking jazz, and a marketing bait-and-switch leads to a ludicrously dumb paranoid thriller. It lazily hopes its conceit and comedian work. Neither does.
It will draw audiences who want to see topical humor, and it will bog them down in a typical thriller, before capping things off with an earnest yet cautious political statement.
[It's] a mess, but if you're willing to pick through it, there's some gold amongst the dross.
Its screenplay needs not another run through the typewriter, but a first run through the shredder.
Not funny, not timely, not thrilling, and no courage of its own convictions. An embarrassment for all concerned.
It's more Jay Leno than Jon Stewart, and there's no way that's a compliment.
Man has the kind of dizzying tonal changes that makes one wonder if a P.A. should've administered a breathalyzer test on Levinson during production.
American politics gets off easy; even Chris Rock's Head of State (2003) had more guts.
Man of the Year is only Comedy of the Year for about 45 minutes. Then, it becomes Failed Opportunity of the Year.
So haphazardly fails to recognize the ironies of its own failings that it unwittingly makes George W. Bush funnier...when he's TRYING to be funny.
Rather than being integrated into something complex, the different tones are at war with each other, leaving the whole unsatisfying. Luckily there are dozens of good lines, which at least keep the movie from being dull.
I think I recall a few of the jokes from the Ford administration. Which makes sense because as irreverent and subversive as it wants to be, it is just bland.
...isn't as biting as "Wag the Dog" was, nor as prescient, but it throwsan issue into the ring as it entertains its audience.
In reality Man Of The Year is one half The Robin Williams Show and one half dour thriller involving a rigged election and the evils of electronic voting machines. The second half nearly obliterates the film.
ignore the propaganda this picture is peddling.
Lacks humor and bite.
When great premises go wrong, the result is movies like Man of the Year.
The comedy is drab and predictable. The satirical flourishes are so soft that they are hardly worth mentioning. The thrills are diffused by tonal shifts working against them.
The movie's satire is fairly gutless, the bulk of it could be contained in one five-minute Williams monologue and the majority of the running time is taken up with a poorly motivated love story and a ponderous thriller subplot.
In a pre-election season full of drama, contention and surprise, Man of the Year arrives on the scene with the blistering impact of a spoonful of cold mashed potatoes.
Man of the Year is merely a Robin Williams stand-up routine wrapped in a limp script.
Barry Levinson, director of films as diverse as Diner, Bugsy, and Wag the Dog, is a national treasure. So, it is with deep disappointment that I report Man of the Year is dross.
Nothing in the film works, and here's something upon which people of all political affiliations can agree: Man of the Year is one of the worst of the year.
[Barry] Levinson has written and directed in many genres. But rarely has he made a film as indecisive and diffident as Man of the Year.
[Director] Levinson seems to be torn between making a political jest and a suspense thriller. Neither works.
Man of the Year is a movie that can be smart-funny and astutely topical.
In Man of the Year, a thriller without thrills collides with a mirthless comedy.
A political comedy with spunk that capitalizes on several bizarre trends in contemporary American politics.
[L]acks all conviction in its would-be insurgent attitudes and lacks any courage in seeing through to a tough conclusion the political realities it pretends to attack.
Though Williams can still make us laugh, Man of the Year doesn't deserve your vote.
Despite Levinson's split purpose, making it into a 'dramedy,' it's timely and thought-provoking.
Levinson has gone from Wag the Dog to "Screw the Pooch".
Many actors were paid to pretend Williams is still funny in Man of the Year.
In fact, there may well have been one or two funny lines in Man of the Year, but by that point they were lost in the staggering repulsiveness.
This is really two movies in one -- an exemplary political satire and an average thriller, tied together with romantically shopworn president-as-an-average-Joe tropes from Dave and The American President.
Man of the Year sets its audience up to ponder the unthinkable, loses its resolve and congeals into reassuring kitsch.
The new Robin Williams comedy Man of the Year is the sort of thing you almost feel sorry for.
Even though it's only two-thirds of a solid comedy, it doesn't take a high-priced pollster to figure out that this is a far better ratio than a lot of other recent yukfests.
The Eleanor stuff makes the comedy move more methodically than Tucson's Downtown renewal efforts.
What is it about Robin Williams that he often appears in these wild misfires, pictures that are so full of promise yet so disastrous in execution?
The deadly serious corporate malfeasance story doesn't mesh well with Williams' politically humorous antics.
Robin Williams would never stand a chance, either as a presidential candidate or as a TV talk-show comic, a major drawback in a what-if scenario so self-congratulatory and smug.
A hybrid of so many parts that it would be unwieldy even if it were executed very well. But as it happens, it isn't.
Is there any other comedian who recycles material as often and for as long as Robin Williams? He's the last man in America who thinks Monica Lewinsky jokes are still funny.
What keeps Man of the Year alive is the homey interplay of its principals.
All the audience can do with this DOA comedy is wait for their next chance to see Robin Williams do another stand-up routine, providing a precious break in an otherwise tedious film.
As well as this may have worked as a comedy ... it tries too hard to be a thriller and a drama, which is where it falls flat on its face.
It's a difficult assignment to pull all the genre strings into a tight ball of serio-comedic yarn. My cat Hillary could have done a better job with less effort.
In short, it would have been great if it had stopped, oh, 12 minutes in.
There's nothing about Man of the Year that's quite as fantastic as its depiction of moribund Saturday Night Live as culturally and politically relevant.
A wishy-washy thriller with political leanings that never quite fit.
Pic eventually overcomes an awkward start and turns into a satisfying candidate for the disposable movie dollar with a story that stays on your mind.
An awkward mix of standard genres that doesn't give us what we desperately need in this increasingly desperate political season -- a black and snarling assault on our imbecile status quo.
Confusion and mixed messages work against a coherent viewpoint -- and laughs.





@highlight

Weakened by second-half attempts at thriller and romance, this presidential comedy also fails to hit any sharp political notes, resulting in a confused and unsatisfying mess.