Not much worth seeing in this mess of a movie.
...may be fluff, but it is patient, character-driven fluff.
Digresses into that hazy zone where we're not sure if we're watching overwrought drama or a joke that just isn't funny.
it's all very silly and highly unbelievable, but the five main leads are all having a good time.
With a little more polish, Daniel Taplitz's quick-witted romantic comedy might have lived happily ever after.
A good cast tries to rescue a bad script.
Breakin' All the Rules doesn't break any rules at all. It's just a by-the-numbers romantic comedy.
...the comedy never tried to stretch beyond being common.
Everybody involved in Breakin' All the Rules -- especially the audience -- deserves something more than this tedious excuse for a movie.
All the performers deserve better than this.
sticks to the rules of too many lame sitcoms and unfunny comedies past, which the doomed actors follow like lemmings off a cliff
If one movie could prove once and for all that dating is a blight on humanity, this dismal, depressing flick could be it.
... this is basically just a sitcom.
Breakin' transcends cliches thanks to Jamie Foxx's irreverence and charm
Laden with misunderstandings, contrived situations, and terrible characterizations. Even Foxx's charisma can't save this one.
Foxx , Union, Chestnut and MacNicol deserve to be A-list stars much more than any Tom (Cruise), Dick (Gere) or Halle (Berry).
A black-cast romantic comedy that derives its humor from character and plot development rather than from cliched notions of race-based uproariousness...
Foxx and friends are broken by this laughless comedy
How is Breakin' All the Rules different from all the countless other romantic comedies specializing in misunderstandings and mistaken identities? It isn't.
A leaden daisy-chain of mistaken identity that holds the interest of the characters much longer than it does the audience's in watching it or mine in explaining it.
You wouldn't think a movie with this much plot could be this dull, but you'd be wrong.
Both Foxx and Union have a sexy, oft-kilter chemistry that suits them perfectly. There is an unavoidable attraction to the two, their romance hitting almost all the right notes even as the rest of the flick sours the stomach.
Movie, we need to talk. I don't think it's working out. I'll just tell you straight -- I've been seeing other movies.
Foxx's latest film lives up to its title by deconstructing sex comedies and bringing a much needed dose of intelligence to a typically slow-witted genre.
No movie this stupid should need a plot synopsis this complicated.
A movie that sags and drags under the weight of poor pacing, execrable writing and largely unlikable characters, including a leading man viewers can never really warm up to.
A cleverly concocted hybrid of conventional romantic comedy and mistaken-identity farce.
If the movie were 10 minutes longer, the mix-ups might grind viewers down, but director Daniel Taplitz knows how to juggle the subplots he's given.
TV-trained writer-director Daniel Taplitz displays little imagination and almost no sense of comic timing.
In many ways a throwback to the era of Doris Day and Jack Lemmon movies.
Like a too-precisely choreographed dance, it feels lifeless.
Writer and director Daniel Taplitz piles on the convolutions in an overripe comedy of sitcom stock characters and bad jokes.
This is a romantic comedy with heart (broken and otherwise), and in the end, that's all that matters.
Despite what the title suggests, it's the good old-fashioned virtues that make Breakin' All the Rules better than most romantic comedies.
The plot is silly -- mistaken identities and misunderstandings have several characters unknowingly sleeping with each other's partners -- and gets sillier as it goes.
Whatever might have been raunchy-cute has been edited out of it. It's a movie with a lot of very good-looking people trying to find something funny to say or do.
It just keeps building on an extremely complicated sitcom plot ... and the gorgeous, charming cast just keeps hitting scene after scene out of the park.
In their scenes together, Foxx and Chestnut trade sly one-liners like front-line horn players in an intimate jazz club, while Union is given her best showcase yet for her comedic timing.
For all the labyrinthine liaisons, the plot is as predictable as a rainforest weather forecast. There are, however, enough bright ideas and zippy lines to keep things on the fresh side.
For the most part, Breakin' All the Rules feels like a Richard (Love Actually) Curtis film but without the inventiveness and wit.
Packed with enough muddles and mixups to stock a French farce (or a middling UPN sitcom), Rules coasts amiably on without striking any real sparks.
Content to offer an endless string of mistaken identities and contrived misunderstandings in the vein of a failed TV sitcom spinoff like The Ropers.
It isn't great by any stretch, but it could be just the escape for anyone hoping to avoid the big-budget blockbusters currently using up all the available oxygen.
An amiable little sex romp with a few real surprises when it comes to leaving everyone with a smile on their faces.
Delivers the goods in formulaic fashion, but enjoys an edge thanks to a fast-paced story and, more importantly, the casting of Foxx as the romantic lead.
In romantic comedy, it's all about the chemistry. Jamie Foxx and Gabrielle Union have just enough to make Breakin' All the Rules worth seeing.
It's a disturbingly conventional and painfully cliched bore that doesn't violate any existing cinematic rules, except maybe that romantic comedies are supposed to be funny.
The movie depends for its success on the likability of Jamie Foxx, Morris Chestnut and Gabrielle Union, and because they're funny and pleasant, we enjoy the ride even though the destination is preordained.
It's all incredibly routine fare, borrowing as much from the old Doris Day and Rock Hudson comedies as from their numerous knockoffs.
As date-night piffle goes ... it's thoroughly engaging.
The personable, good-looking cast helps things along somewhat but Daniel Taplitz's script falls short of success.
Jamie Foxx helms a warm-hearted comedy. It's entirely predictable, but it's a humorous good time.
Foxx and an appealing ensemble ... plus a nice, light touch with the material by writer-director Daniel Taplitz, make for a generally pleasant diversion.
It's a safe, dull, tired comedy that you'll think you've already seen even as you're watching it for the first time.
While bland and generic, the title certainly is fitting.
A sadly ordinary bit of fluff, a romantic comedy that aims to be wacky and charming and winds up being neither.
...may be shamelessly superficial but it's still an entertaining comedy.
True love draws blood, or so the film's awkward metaphor goes. Breakin' All the Rules leaves little more than a hickey.
While Foxx and Union carry the proceedings with humor and charm to burn, the lightweight script isn't quite clever enough to untangle their web without resorting to middlebrow obviousness.
It actually plays everything so safe and predictable that it feels as recycled as some of the hand towels you find in restrooms.
Jamie Foxx floats gracefully through this screwball sex comedy with a cocked eyebrow and the playful smirk of an overgrown adolescent.
The strain of sustaining its thin premise exhausts the film well before the final credits.
The movie doesn't leave an endearing impression of romance.
It follows all the rules of comedic plot convention, with only an occasional ripple of surprise.
As lovers who lie to one another as a kind of mating ritual, Union and Foxx do about as well as possible.
Breakin' All The Rules has moments when it is very good, but it doesn't maintain that high level throughout the movie.
Crudely embraces reverse ethnic stereotypes.
A humorous, light-on-its-feet film that's vaguely similar to 2003's Down With Love, with a modern, urban twist.
Breakin' has tons of quippy dialogue, not all of it sterling. But it comes at us so quickly, and from such likable actors in such pretty rooms, in such spiffy shirts ... we can't help but like it.
The laughs are supposed to come from the mix-ups ... but this stuff is so attenuated and idiotic, it makes even less sense than is the norm for such flyweight workouts.
The film's failure to adhere to one of the most important rules of humor -- never give extensive screen time to someone who is not the slightest bit funny -- prevents it from being a completely enjoyable, if silly, romp.
The plot is enough to induce narcolepsy.
The best screwball comedies seem to breathe helium, but this one never gets airborne.
A funny movie. Ha-ha funny sometimes, but more frequently amusing in a good-natured, make-you-smile way.
Wasted is Foxx's genial charisma.
Serves very little purpose beyond reminding us that there are black people in the world, and they have love lives as well as decent jobs.
Driven by a talented cast blessed with quick-witted characters.
The results are at once unfathomably complex and staggeringly uninteresting.
Yet another unfunny buppie sex comedy.
The rules of good screenwriting are mostly broken, though Jamie Foxx's smash-and-grab charisma remains intact.
Spike Lee would have none of this nonsense.







@highlight

This formulaic screwball comedy is weighed down by a contrived, overly complicated plot.