Boogie Man is an incredibly timely and relevant film that uncovers the origins of political dirty pool (Atwater was the architect of much of the attack-ad style currently being deployed in the 2008 American election).
Fascinating to a political junkie like me who wasn't aware of the game back then.
A morality tale about the sewer politics of the Republican Party since Reagan and very relevant to the 2008 elections.
Director Stefan Forbes has assembled a brilliantly complex portrait that shines an unnerving light on the man who painted the landscape of contemporary American politics.
By the end of Forbes' brisk, economical portrait, Atwater has been revealed as a repugnant and pathetic soul--and a political visionary, among the first to fully understand and harness the raw power of voters' fears.
A cinematic smear job against Atwater would be the easiest thing in the world, but Forbes is more interested in presenting a complex character study than a piece of liberal agitprop.
Conventional but absorbing.
Stricken with brain cancer in 1990, Atwater renounced his Machiavellian ways, but as Forbes points out, his legacy lives on in his eager proteges Karl Rove and George W. Bush.
Boogie Man is a fascinating portrait of an almost likable rogue.
Both fascinating and upsetting, and makes you wish politics weren't so, well, political.
Positively brims over with sour-grapes hearsay and character assassination. But you just know he deserved it, right?
Lee Atwater is remembered as brilliant or shameful, effective or destructive, his life part American Dream, part horror movie.
Boogie Man does not inspire pity for Atwater but sadness that a man of such talent wasted his life and learned his lesson too late.
Instead of attempting a character study, Boogie Man returns an indictment.
Atwater's career is viewed here with fascination and some sympathy, and the pic is sure to win votes in election season with specialty distribs and public tube mavens.
Boogie Man has an awful lot to say about where America finds itself at the 2008 moment of decision.
electrifying
It's refreshing to see a political documentary that's not just boosterism or political propaganda. If anything, this is an argument for 'cleaner' campaigning.
It's good the film exposes his methods, especially with the final stretch of our current election cycle upon us.
Forbes adroitly fills out his picture of this "marsupial" little man with "the eyes of a killer" through the testimony of those who admired and/or loathed Atwater.
An even-handed portrait of a man who, as much as anybody, bears responsibility for the toxicity of high stakes political campaigning on both sides of the aisle.
The timing of its release is so perfect, and the figure at its center so fascinating, that Boogie Man is nonetheless required viewing for anyone obsessed with the 2008 race.
Atwater's painful early demise, and his deathbed statements about his regrets, seem to delight the largely left-leaning pundits assessing Atwater's legacy.
A must for political junkies and anyone interested in the inner workings of the way we elect presidents.
Plumbing the roots of negative campaigning, Boogie Man shines a sickening spotlight on a thriving political strategy, suggesting that the devil may indeed have all the best tunes.
A fascinating, warts-and-all documentary about one of the most notorious and influential figures in 20th Century politics.
If you want to hear juicy inside tales of the scams devised by Lee Atwater, the right-wing visionary of media-age dirty tricks, you'll find loads of them in Boogie Man.



@highlight

Boogie Man is a complex, absorbing study of the contradictory life and times of architect of modern smear politics.