One of the most powerful films of the year... [Full review in Spanish]
The film's success ultimately depends on the byplay between Sheen and Langella, and they're more than up to the task. Langella, in fact, may have just delivered a performance for the ages -- and how often do those come along?
In its glib and reductionist way, it works like a charm. Or better yet, like television. Which, finally, is a compliment.
The movie is essentially a chamber piece pivoting on two beautifully nuanced performances.
It's a credit to the actor that by the end, Langella is living, it seems, in Nixon's skin.
The magnificently-flawed former US president Richard Milhous Nixon, as embodied by Frank Langella, is a magnetic presence in Ron Howard's adaptation of Peter Morgan's stageplay.
Howard has successfully made an okay, watchable movie, kept from greatness only by his undying artistic blandness.
You never feel like you're watching a play on film: The way Morgan has opened up the proceedings in his screenplay feels organic under the direction of Ron Howard, who has crafted his finest film yet, and one of the year's best.
Frost/Nixon is smart and involving, a thoroughly grown-up and carefully made drama about the real-life, on-air showdown between a lightweight TV personality and a disgraced ex-president.
Both leads are outstanding. Langella is especially mesmerizing as the calculating grand manipulator. It's not an impression of the former president, but a piece of his essence.
Langella looks nothing like Nixon, but he has the jowls and, most of all, conveys the paranoia and ego that help us to understand what brought Nixon down.
Frost/Nixon shouldn't be this entertaining. Or, at least, it shouldn't be entertaining enough to merit rapt attention for two hours. This is a film about an interview, after all. But it works. And it works remarkably well.
Frost/Nixon crackles with excitement, humor and the thrill of the hunt -- and Langella and Sheen couldn't be better.
Oliver Platt, Sam Rockwell and Matthew Macfadyen make the most of supporting roles, and it's impossible not to get caught up in the the momentum of events, which evoke a more principled time before news-media saturation.
Slick, smart, superb American filmmaking.
[Langella gives] a textured performance of a tortured man, good enough that we actually feel sorry for him. That may have been Nixon's last and greatest trick.
Many viewers will just go along with Frost/Nixon because of how great Sheen and Langella absolutely are.
Given Nixon's lifelong inability to control the medium or come out looking at all decent on it, the film is as much a cheeky celebration of TV's candor as it is a reminder of this fascinating sidebar to American history.
It's so beautifully done and beautifully conceived.
An enthralling game of cat-and-mouse.
It's Langella that steals the show. Sometimes bordering on imitation, Langella overcomes that by injecting Nixon with a biting wit and complete dedication to a highly public figure.
Powerfully directed, brilliantly acted, this stands as one of the films of 2008.
Michael Sheen and Frank Langella are captivating as David Frost and Richard Nixon, subjects of one of the more monumental interviews in television history.
What matters is the clash of the titans that took place over 12 days of interviews and the award-calibre performances from Sheen and especially Langella make the final confrontation edge-of-the-seat cinema.
Credit Frank Langella, playing the disgraced ex-President, and Michael Sheen, as the British celebrity interviewer, for giving credible performances despite Howard's seeming attempt to give the film a sheen of phoniness.
When Frost/Nixon centers on these two men, the fireworks are considerable.
Frost/Nixon does manage to provide an engaging view, suspenseful even to those of us who remember how things ended up.
It takes a nincompoop like Howard to imagine depth in this silliness.
Who would have thought in a year of epic hero/villain pairings, a British talk show host and a disgraced American president would have provided the most riveting?
As a historical document, it's a bit of a crock, and an overinflation of a relatively minor event. But as entertainment, it's cotton candy.
Langella completely drives this film and he's amazing.
David Frost wasn't Richard Nixon's foe so much as that camera's red light, which Ron Howard films as futuristic, robotic and destructive from Nixon's vantage point. What audiences deduce from one shot can imprint how an entire era is interpreted.
The sparring, the research, the failed strategies, and the returns for more elicit an image of boxing more than anything else; while "two men in shorts punch each other until one cannot continue" is also dry on paper, in practice it is much more visceral
Howard is such a gifted filmmaker he makes it all seem effortless easily coaxing two equally superb performances from Langella and Sheen. Frost/Nixon is a first class achievement.
Howard can't, as someone mentions in the film, distinguish between a performer and a journalist
Entertaining and provocative...a satisfying intellectual bout. [Blu-ray]
... Plays like an epic tragedy and is nothing short of riveting.
Unlike the gargoyle I remember, Langella's Nixon exudes a seductive charm and vulnerability. He's the film's chief virtue, and its biggest flaw.
Clearly the work of a mature filmmaker, one with the patience and self confidence to make a smart film whose success is largely in the hands of its talented cast.
Peter Morgan's play about the behind-the-scenes research, negotiation and fundraising that produced the Frost-Nixon interviews may not sound like natural-born movie material...But the talk is choice, and the film... is mesmerizing.
The history lesson is a nice bonus, but it's the art and the acting that give the film its power and resonance.
The director of Apollo 13 and A Beautiful Mind serves up a merely pleasing, vaguely edifying tale of penitence and redemption, or something like that.
Estupendo cine sobre periodismo y política, que logra fascinar con sus entretelones de una entrevista crucial que es presentada casi como si fuera una pelea de boxeo.
Nixon is infinitely more complex than George W. Bush, which is probably why this one slice of his life is more intriguing than "W," which covers decades.
Even though we know the outcome, once again the magic works for Ron Howard and a fine cast of actors.
Frost/Nixon provides an enjoyable history lesson for some and triggers memories of a tumultuous period in American history for others.
Ron Howard has the benefit of being able to structure the film's entire second act around close-ups, which allows his two fine leading actors to convey the smallest details of emotional turmoil
Langella, of course, warrants the attention paid.
Brisk and intense, with Howard and company rising to the challenge of recreating the infamous 1977 television interview David Frost scored with disgraced former U.S. president, Richard M. Nixon.
When the movie version of Frost/Nixon was being cast, Frank Langella might well have been bypassed. Jack Nicholson and Warren Beatty were mentioned, but Langella survived and got the role. On screen Langella nails -- or fangs -- Nixon. Langella does not m
A fierce battle for redemption.
The stage play-turned-big screen Oscar contender zips along from scene to scene with rare pep until building to a furious climax. And remember, this isn't a movie about alien invasions or pirate ghosts. It's a movie about two guys talking.
While the main character is Michael Sheen's David Frost, Frank Langella is fascinating as the cold and withdrawn Richard Nixon.
Textbook example of a Howard film -- with exactly the strengths and weaknesses this conveys. It differs only in that it's built around Frank Langella's towering performance.
Frost/Nixon is a riveting film, sharper, more intense than the play.
Frost/Nixon is a historical fraud, a mind-boggling travesty of the truth. Let me hasten to add, however, that it is without doubt the most gripping, entertaining, dramatically clever and fascinating fraud I've ever seen.
A history lesson and an acting lesson tied up in one stunning entertainment package.
[Howard takes] a cue from himself, from his own first truly great film more than a decade ago, Apollo 13... [T]here's an almost documentary-style straightforwardness to Frost/Nixon...
Did it happen exactly this way? Probably not. But what fun to consider the details and the possible events before, and after, the interview between David Frost and disgraced President Richard Nixon
I don't remember much about them [the interviews]...director Ron Howard packages Frost/Nixon with the best quotes from 28 hours of interviews, I will never forget them.
Stirring stuff that works thrillingly as drama, and should make Sheen a star, even if it compromises on historical insight.
Documentary-style reminiscences from supporting characters slow the film's momentum. The run-up to the big broadcasts, too, aren't so suspenseful. The best drama comes from Langella and Sheen as Nixon and Frost, and not necessarily while they're face-to-f
Langella's Nixon is a tragic figure... Langella doesn't so much make him sympathetic as show us the flawed personality trying to avoid blaming himself for his failure.
The outcome isn't half as conflicted as you might imagine, though it's hard to argue that Howard brings anything new to Morgan's play.
Thought Ron Howard was going to stuff it up? Think again - Frost/Nixon's a great advert for stage-to-screen adaptations. And if you'd forgotten the power of the close-up, prepare to be dazzled by dapper Dave and Tricky Dick.
It sounds like an awful night out in the cinema. But you will be amazed. In Frost/Nixon Ron Howard turns this duel between Michael Sheen's glossy playboy and Frank Langella's shifty ex-President into a gripping tango of egos.
I found myself disconcerted and underwhelmed by a hugely anticipated movie. It never quite escapes its stage origins, and under a glitzy surface of period stylings doesn't seem to have much to say.
Langella is the reason to see the film, smuggling his lugubrious Tricky Dicky well past the script's limited grasp. It's a superb performance, looming like a spectre over the words and deeds of "misunderestimated" politicians everywhere.
Most surprising of all, you may even feel a twinge of sympathy. Whether or not Nixon deserves it, this drama definitely deserves a look.
This superb film shows, his conversations with Richard Nixon were far more illuminating than his recent banter with Lloyd Grossman.
The two-hour plus running time zooms by as the so-called "thinking man's Rocky" plays like an intellectual boxing match with Nixon effortlessly dodging Frost's hesitant jabs and the young challenger looking like he won't last the distance.
Slickly done and easy to watch, but not quite the commentary on modern politics it could/should have been. An historic moment becomes a film that's more pop than culture.
It's all about the two men on camera, the showman and the politician: superbly rendered exemplars, respectively, of the lengths and the depths to which men will go to be liked.
An absolutely brilliant film from director Ron Howard - a film you should make every effort to see.
It manages to turn the process behind a talk show into a riveting thriller, even though most of us already think we know the outcome.
Frost/Nixon is absorbing and watchable but, like the earlier film, still feels like a TV movie with delusions of grandeur.
Say hello, good evening and welcome to one of the greatest political movies ever.
Director Ron Howard, less an artist of film like Van Sant, more a resourceful pro, lays his cloak down for the miraculous script and makes sure everyone can walk with dry feet towards the awards ceremonies.
One feels nagged all the way by its self-proclaimed momentousness.
It may climax like a Rocky film, but doesn't end like one. There are more words to be said, and you're glad for every one.
A joy to watch its multi-award-nominated actors spar.
Devoid of heroes, Frost/Nixon is a film about filming. And - perhaps because I ducked the play and loathed The Queen - I enjoyed every minute of it.
Frost/Nixon is no crowd-pleaser or jaw-dropper. But it IS two actors at their peak talking beautiful words, in front of a camera.
In a season of "worthy" movies flooding the market to qualify for Oscar and Bafta nods, this is one of the best and most enjoyable.
It's still entertaining, but like its conception of Frost, a touch vapid.
Sheen captures Frost's benign chainsaw whine while Langella is a fabulous baritone monster of alternating self-pity and demonic, forensic guile.
The best boxing movie of 2008; with words and wits instead of gloves and fists
Howard takes the political trivia of the interviews between the cunning, disgraced former president and the British showman, turning it into engrossing entertainment.
Howard, a highly competent filmmaker if not a great one, rarely gets in the way of his actors or Morgan's sharply written script, and 'Frost/Nixon' is probably the better for it.
Frost/Nixon - The glory days of checkbook journalism.
The movie transforms the wily Nixon into a sympathetic figure -- a familiarly 'complicated' movie character, and hardly one of the darkest and most fascinating souls in 20th century America.
There's a taut, tight, punchy equilibrium to the film.
It might have been easier to simply try to make Nixon sympathetic; Langella tackles the harder job of making him more understandable while still giving us the Tricky Dick we know in all his rumbling, flawed glory.
You can enjoy the evil licking at Langella-as-Nixon's jowls, but you have to wonder if the glamorization is appropriate, particularly given most of our fellow Americans' dubious command of history.
Frost / Nixon fails to satisfactorily explore its real-life subject matter because it substitutes the more conventional dramatic arc of a three-act storytelling structure for the eminently more powerful weight and intensity of what actually happened.
It's surprising how well the film works as pure entertainment.
Blessed by an exquisite cast, [Howard and Morgan] keep the wheels turning, offering a propulsive look at the most widely loathed U.S. president until George W. Bush stumbled along and easily swiped that designation.
It could have been so easy for the performance to turn into a caricature, but Langella creates his own version of Nixon and the end result is nothing short of mesmerizing.
Frost/Nixon is compelling viewing and I can't recommend a movie more highly.
It's a well-acted, compelling piece with a strong whiff of topicality.
If Frost/Nixon were merely a beautifully shaped re-creation of a moment in history it would be worth a look. But as a reminder of the world we live in 31 years later, it's as sadly topical as any documentary about the Iraq War.
Ron Howard has made his best movie with Frost/Nixon, an electric political drama with a skin-prickling immediacy.
Frost/Nixon works on just about every level, but above all else it's a feast of acting.
The result has a fluid and nimble quality that makes it entertaining, and a performance by Langella that makes it memorable.
Does director Ron Howard have a style? It's almost like he's a chameleon director, able to craft a variety of projects and do them all very well. But perhaps this also stops him from making unequivocally great films.
A Beltway Rocky - the jabs, punches, bobs and weaves political junkies geek out over but Average Joe can also get behind. But which one is the underdog?
Ron Howard's main job here is to simply stay out of the way of his two actors, and that he does.
Frost/Nixon acquits itself through Langella's performance and Morgan's tight script, but Howard fails to give the material a pointed spin.
Along with the stars, Howard has assembled an outstanding supporting cast that bring to life members of both player's teams.
While I normally don't complain too much about facts getting distorted in movies for better drama, Howard's format inherently seems like it's trying to pass itself off as reality, and that really bugged me.
Whoever would have imagined that two men facing each other in a room, with producers and minders pacing off camera, would make for such suspenseful cinema?
It's a deceptively juicy film that runs straight for the audience while reaching for the jugular.
Frost/Nixon is engaging cinematic theater, nothing more, and a great deal less. Its import offered up via grandstanding, showboating, and inferred integrity
All this makes for great entertainment on the big screen, though the real legacy of the Nixon interviews is more vexing than Morgan would have us understand.
Engrossing emotionally and intellectually, this showdown shouldn't be missed.
Ultimately, Frost/Nixon may be stuck in time -- but, oh, what a time it was.
Plays often lose their energy when adapted for the screen. But even on the stage, Frost/Nixon had a cinematic dynamism, and Howard has only enhanced that quality.
Truly shines as a bare-bones filmmaking exercise.
For a film that should have been smart and fun, Frost/Nixon turns out to be a stodgy romance to the concept of "heroic" modern journalism.
I've seen one too many movies about the disgraced president to find the material compelling.
Sometimes a good movie can be transformed into something great by a powerful third act.
Parental Content Review
A better title might have been, 'I interviewed an ex-president for 29 hours and all I got was two lousy sound bites.' Still, an incisive character study.
A fine entertainment for a winter night that plays it completely safe.
Against the odds, we feel sympathy for this tarnished man.
Political thriller Frost/Nixon is one of the best and most surprising movies of the year.
Frost/Nixon is not only an historical update for those not around during Nixon's years, but a must-see incredible film.
Basically offers any still-embittered, Baby Boomers a belated opportunity to bask in Nixon's humiliation.
...Howard surely deserves credit for infusing the production with a distinctly cinematic quality that generally belies its stage origins.
A fine actors' showcase, and a scintillating story about the different motivations that control our actions when cornered in the ring.
Can the movie version bring any surprises? Not really, but in Howard-like fashion, it's a satisfying two hours.
The result is involving, engrossing cinema -- more thrilling, in fact, than Howard's The Da Vinci Code -- filmmaking of a type rarely seen anymore and sorely missed.
The inherent drama of the true story of Frost/Nixon and the performers assembled to shoot it make the film worth seeing, but it still feels like a missed opportunity.
History is made by the people who write it, not the people who actually do the deeds, and this film is a prime example.
Langella and Sheen deliver striking portrayals that avoid superficial mimicry for something more satisfying
More thrilling than a boxing match with no punches spared, this riveting revisiting of a historic moment in time has a little bit of everything %u2013 humour, tension and an exposé of the most compelling ingredient of all %u2013 humanity
The film is mostly talk, but it's sharp, punchy talk, and the picture is sometimes thrilling to watch.
This is the irony of Frost/Nixon: Though it chronicles the moment when (in theory) the 37th president of the United States was cut down to size, the movie's presentation of him is utterly larger than life.
It's a fascinating study in conversation in an age of texting and abbreviation.
A totally mesmerizing battle of the wills between the occasionally charming yet wily Nixon and the increasingly desperate Frost.
Langella is not a natural Nixon; he has a voluptuary's face and a self-assurance the president only dreamed of. So he burrows into Nixon and comes out with a figure who is less a simulacrum than the definitive interpretation.
Among the most satisfying films of Ron Howard's career.
An absorbing film replete with telling moments and powerful performances.
It isn't Shakespeare, but it is drama at a level one doesn't often get in movies.
Not quite a knockout but definitely a winner.
When it comes to modern political docudramas, British writer Peter Morgan is the man with the golden touch.
Frank Langella doesn't impersonate Richard M. Nixon in Frost/Nixon. He goes one better. He makes him a sympathetic movie character.
Despite a cavalcade of talent, Frost/Nixon is a middling thing.
Despite the great care and research that went into the movie, Frost/Nixon pales in comparison to Oliver Stone's Nixon when it comes to humanizing the infamous leader.
When the movie sticks to its central dramatic conflict, it can be spellbinding.
Both a crackerjack entertainment and a sharp look at the roots, and limitations, of ambition, while stars Frank Langella (Nixon) and Michael Sheen (Frost) put on the year's most provocative and finely tuned display of dueling egos.
Frost/Nixon is a stylish, smart film.
Stand up and take notice, Oscar. We've finally found something for you to sink your golden teeth into.
Despite a moving, canny incarnation of the man by Frank Langella, despite a slickly entertaining coffee-table production as only Ron Howard knows how, the movie feels cooked up. In the name of dramatizing history, Frost/Nixon sacrifices it.
Ron Howard is back! He's made a terrific, old-fashioned battle-of-the-wits flick. Easily his best since his Oscar winner.
Like Doubt, this week's other stage-to-screen adaptation, director Ron Howard's Frost/Nixon pours old-fashioned theatrical juice into a cinematic bottle and lets the actors drink it up.
Howard and Morgan are able to structure a series of largely mundane events for maximum suspense.
Howard has learned a lesson that Frost learns early in the movie: 'The American people want a conviction, plain and simple.' ... But perhaps what we want and what we need have been confused.
Frost/Nixon had the same intensity of an action flick but uses the number one weapon; great dialogue and great acting.
The film does offer up a reasonably absorbing and exciting take on a fascinating historical footnote and allows those of us who didn't get to see Langella's award-winning performance during the play's original run to see what all the fuss was about.
Howard gives it all an appealing, speedy pace, but most important he gives his two lead actors room to create their complicated, showy characters.
[A] substantial, rewarding movie, in large measure due to Langella's success in bringing real weight to Nixon.
A must-see for political junkies, history buffs, and folks still fascinated by the paranoia-fueled follies of the twitchy, sweaty, decidedly uncharismatic 37th president.
Nixon lands his blows, Frost counters. And Ron Howard? He gets the decision, but it's just a decision on points.
The film begins as a fascinating inside look at the TV news business and then tightens into a spellbinding thriller.
Howard keeps the pace brisk, light when it needs to be, heavy when that's called for. Along with Langella, he turns Frost/Nixon into one of the most entertaining history lessons imaginable.
It seems like an exercise mostly for its own sake. But there is also a sense of security with its own limitations.
Sometimes I worry that Ron Howard actually listens to every dumb 18-year-old drunk kid who tells him how to edit his movies
It's safe to say no one will ever play Nixon as effectively as Langella does here.
An indisputably superb entertainment with a dubious claim to veritas.
Anchored by an outstanding performance by Frank Langella, this stage-to-screen adaptation doesn't feel rooted to the boards like so many others have been.
Langella inhabits the pouchy skin of the man he's playing, until soon any meaningful distinction between actor and subject disappears.
Talky, play-based political drama sheds light on history.
It's a smart and entertaining show, and it harks back to a time when politics and television were still feeling each other out, looking for an opening, a knockout punch.
From an opening montage of news clips, popping out on a black screen like an animated gameboard, the filmmakers have structured a match that crackles with professionalism from the opening bell to the final KO.
An enjoyable riff that engagingly mixes recreation and imagination and is elevated above stunt status by two superb performances.
...FROST/NIXON is an utterly captivating piece of historical cinema.
Awards season draws near but there have been few, thus far, major films that I consider worthy. Frost/Nixon is one of the few.
Its boxing metaphor plays out in such mind-numbingly literal terms, there might as well have been a woman in a bikini announcing the beginning of each day's interview.
Entertaining and compelling for the battle of wills instead of the historical rehash
If a slight sense of mustiness remains, Howard brings enough old-fashioned spit and polish to cover it up admirably.
Even if the historical value is only of minor interest to you, Frost/Nixon remains a great human tragedy about two men who meet on a televised battleground, knowing that it's do-or-die time.
This suspenseful battle-of-wills is ferociously exciting. A must-see!
It's Howard's second really good film.
Langella gives Nixon a chance at audience sympathy -- for everything you know and possibly hate about the man, you can see, through the performance, that third dimension.
What Ron Howard gets, to a degree that's astonishing in a two-hour film, is the density and complexity, as well as the generous entertainment quotient, of Peter Morgan's screenplay.
That this much drama can be wrung out of the Frost/Nixon conversations is no small achievement.
Taking its cues from Rocky rather than All the President's Men, [Peter] Morgan's compact, satisfying drama presents presidential interviewing as a gladiatorial event.
Whatever problems Nixon might have with Nixon/Frost, Langella's magnetic performance would probably bring a smile to Tricky Dick's famously perspiration-dappled face.
This is Langella's show, and he makes the movie his own without using a single dirty trick.
Frost/Nixon could be the best political film in a year that's had more than its share of good ones.
Seldom have two people talking packed such a punch.
Shakespeare would have delighted in the chapter, especially in the antagonist, but not at the expense of the longer and darker and still-unfinished book.
if you hated Nixon, loved the original stage play or watched the original interview with great interest thirty years ago, you'll eat this film up
It wasn't really Frost who did Nixon in: It was Nixon's old nemesis, the TV camera — that unblinking eye, capturing every bead of perspiration, every nervous shift of posture ...
Howard has made a picture for grown-ups, a well-constructed entertainment that neither talks down to its audience nor congratulates it just for showing up.
Frost/Nixon proves that though history can be inspiring, in film it can be an inconvenience, one readily repaired with the phrase "based on a true story."
Some of the best male acting this year has come from two men who play reviled American presidents - and the performances are good for the same reason.
A gripping story of the craving of two very different men for power and acceptance that becomes a larger story of accountability and meaning.
...this is the Nixon of history.
Langella does not look like a natural to play Nixon, but the wonder of films set in the 1970s is that hairstyles go a great way to creating the look of the characters. In any case, he nails the man's heavy, shifting gait and slightly stiff mannerisms.
A film version of a play about two talking heads. Please. It shouldn't work at all. But it does work, spectacularly, as a matter of fact.
It's December. That means the Oscar-grubbing movies are here. This is definitely one of them, if only for Frank Langella re-creating his Tony-winning Richard Nixon on screen.
The sheer fun of Frost/Nixon -- and fun is the right word -- is not only in watching these men in collision. It's also in watching them together, in the same frame, as two contrasting aspects of humanity.
Another historical episode captured with profound artistry by Howard and a magnificent cast.
Seeing as how this information has been available to the public for over 30 years, you wouldn't think that Frost/Nixon would be as suspenseful as it is, but Howard really milks the tension between the two men for all it's worth.
It isn't just Sheen who performs strongly with a realistic portrayal of Frost; Langella does a fine job of pulling off a masterful impersonation of Nixon.
This is that rare movie that is award-worthy and yet truly entertaining at the same time.
Just plain thrilling, beautifully acted by two terrific performers and expertly handled by Howard, a journeyman director doing some of his finest work.
Frost/Nixon is actually one of the more interesting, intriguing, and entertaining films of 2008.
Without George W. Bush, the Frost/Nixon conversations may have become just another anecdote of remembering when - instead of confronting audiences with the ironies of two wartime Presidents not owning up to the mistakes that were made.
If there's a single misstep in Ron Howard's expertly calibrated Frost/Nixon, it eluded me.
It's twinkle versus glower in the big-screen edition of Peter Morgan's theatrical smackdown Frost/Nixon.
Frost/Nixon finds an intriguing new angle on one of history's most documented and fascinating figures.
Langella's performance is a revelation, as his Nixon is pervasively creepy yet strangely human and personable--always tricky and always selling, trying never to show his hand.
Director Ron Howard pulls from the pugilistic experience of "Cinderella Man" and restages Morgan's play as a boxing match between two unlikely and opposite contenders...All that's missing are Don King and the ring girls.
Avoiding staginess even as the subject matter threatens to turn it into such, Ron Howard opens up the film's world through Salvatore Totino's glossy cinematography and a firm handle on his mise en scene.
Remains an intelligent, evocative reminder of simple television appetites and the dynamism, the pure drilling ecstasy, of journalistic hunger.
Each man sees this as his personal moment of Rocky glory -- the movie did come out the year before -- and while the metaphor is over-played, it's apt.
Sheen and Langella originated their respective roles in the play, and it's clear why Langella won a Tony for his.
Ron Howard's mainstream sensibility is just what Peter Morgan's play needed to make a seamless transition from stage to screen.
A fascinating and riveting film about a television personality and a former President who share a dependence on others for respect; Frank Langella gives an Academy Award-caliber performance.
Frost/Nixon has the grainy, oiled-oak gravitas of an Oscar contender ... The good news for audiences is that there's some remarkably fine construction and real heft under the surface shine.
Does director Ron Howard's TV background make him assume that everything has to be repeated, just in case someone was in the kitchen making a sandwich the first time?
Howard and Morgan have transformed this story into something more than an embellished re-telling of recent history. They have shaped a tragedy that is almost Shakespearean in force
Frost/Nixon surges with an energy and visual verve that improve the play and enhance the themes of dramatist Peter Morgan's script.
To luxuriate in Langella's magnificent performance -- as a man unable to small-talk, unable to pet a dachshund convincingly, who can feel only privately -- is to appreciate how movies can ennoble even the worst of us.
With the awards season swirling around us, Mr. Langella and Mr. Sheen will be hard to overlook when all the prizes are dispensed.
Battle of wits between talk-show host David Frost and former President Richard Nixon, based on the stage hit. Frank Langella's bravura performance helps make this a dramatic knockout.
Ron Howard has taken a great play and made it even better, perfectly preserving the performances by Langella and Sheen that made Peter Morgan's work so special.
Frost/Nixon's main attraction is neither its topicality nor its historical value, but Langella's re-creation of his Tony-winning performance.
Written by the same man who wrote the deliciously snarky "The Queen", this is a must for anybody who loves good political movies with great performances, especially from Frank Langella who is transcendent.
A terrific film.
I thought Ron Howard did a wonderful job.
Frost/Nixon is a trivial afterword to a historical footnote, a showbiz story inflated into a retroactive therapy session for one of 20th-century America's biggest knaves.
One of the virtues of Frost/Nixon, Ron Howard's adaptation of Peter Morgan's hit play, is that it brings the intelligence back to the forefront without dispelling the elements of menace and fraudulence that were also part of Nixon's temperament.
Frost/Nixon is unsatisfying even if, like me, you're a lifelong aficionado of Nixon-bashing.
In terms of condescending narrative handholding, Frost/Nixon has no 2008 rival.
On Broadway, Peter Morgan's Frost/Nixon made for a deliciously smart and dramatic mano a mano. The surprising news is that Frost/Nixon works even better on screen.
Sheen's and Langella's pin-point precision of inner character development and range of facial expressions are the main reasons to see this well-written movie.
Langella makes an impressive Nixon despite a lack of physical resemblance.
Where other Nixon movies have focused on high drama and constitutional crisis, this one finds the most compelling truths in anecdotal detail -- an approach Morgan has raised to the level of high art.
It's only in the film's final moments that Howard ratchets up the intensity, slamming home his movie's place in this year's Oscar race.
Add Langella's transfigurative artistry to the Nixon playbook (and to Oscar's).
Too many words and no drama, unless effeminate Italian shoes is a metaphor for an unloved, bitter man.
Riveting political film taken from the Broadway play featuring former President Nixon's attempt to regain popularity by engaging in four interviews hosted by journalist David Frost.
The movie still feels like a play, but Ron Howard's version is smooth, skillful, superbly acted (Frank Langella's turn is Oscar-worthy) and it commands attention to intelligent arguments and intriguing personalities.
One of the most gripping and entertaining political dramas in recent memory.
Frost/Nixon is a hugely enjoyable, beautifully acted drama that is by turns suspenseful, funny and emotionally engaging. Highly recommended.
Although it all pays off in a potent and revelatory final act rife with insights into the psychology and calculations of power players, the initial stretch is rather dry and prosaic.
Less a political movie than a boxing film without the gloves.


@highlight

Frost/Nixon is weighty and eloquent; a cross between a boxing match and a ballet with Oscar worthy performances.