By a comfortable margin the worst feature to come out of the Disney Studios since they invented the American feature-length cartoon in 1937.
Animation fans will find this worth the wait, though apparently there's no story-generating software that can tap into the dark recesses of a child's psyche as cannily as Uncle Walt once did.
Heavy with the sweat of a studio straining to snatch the kids back by throwing digi-crayons, potty jokes, and disco tunes at the lens
A bland byproduct of too many cooks in the kitchen, with not enough ideas on how to bring their different sub-plots together into a cohesive entertaining film for kids.
Tasteful vocal performances, by a talented cast including Zach Braff, Garry Marshall and Steve Zahn, can't relieve Disney's first inhouse all-computer generated animation movie from its music video trappings and inadequate storyline.
Easy, quick and utterly forgettable.
the cinematic equivalent of a battery-farmed egg: not exactly rotten, but surrounded by dozens of others just like it in appearance, shape and taste.
A friendly, if decidedly featherweight, feature.
It lacks a good, old-fashioned story -- the fourth dimension every 3-D feature needs to be a classic.
Post-Pixar Disney's "Digital 3-D" concept doesn't seem to include any reservations about 2-D character development.
A cute movie that -- with a G rating -- is suitable for even the smallest children.
Beyond a cheeky, twisty bit of genre-tinkering, there's more here for the under-tens than over-, but it's still charming, amusing and energetic enough to win you over.
...overall lack of substance ultimately lends the proceedings a vibe of irrelevance.
...because of its winsome characters, it may appeal to the very young.
Truly there's no sense of calm to the film, which feels as if it's been assembled with the manic energy of a preschooler trying to fit square-shaped plastic toys into circle-shaped holes.
Not quite the animated masterpiece one would expect of Disney of old, but nonetheless a step in the right direction.
Line by line, scene by scene, visual gag by visual gag, this picture is disappointing: underpowered and dull, even for kids.
The animation is colourful and lively, if uninspired, but there are several good sight gags and the characters are both funny and engaging.
Only a singularly subversive sidekick, a Streisand-obsessed porker (Zahn), makes this movie stand out from a host of other mediocre animated kids' flicks.
This film confirmed Disney's suspicion that conventional animation is dead, but audiences will flock to any digitally animated film, even an inferior one like 'Chicken Little.'
too much dancing
Alas, no amount of pop-culture in-jokes and cutesy characters can conceal the fact there isn't enough story to sustain a film even of this limited duration.
It's got heart and it's got style -- what's missing is laughs.
The writing, however, lets the whole thing down.
Although a perfectly presentable animated comedy, it lacks any sense of magic or true innovation.
So this new Chicken Little is a hero, of sorts: a feisty little nerd in green hipster specs, who bounces off walls and babbles like Woody Allen.
The cleverness just isn't there.
The wishy-washy self-empowerment tale hinges on the lack of communication between Chicken Little and his single father Buck Cluck, something best reserved for an episode of Oprah...
Interesting to watch, I guess, but the folks at Pixar needn't watch their backs just yet...this ain't even close to the coolness they churn out on a regular basis.
Funny, fast paced, well-voiced, and beautifully animated.
Disney's first all-CGI effort not made by Pixar, looks cheap, bland, plasticene and often fuzzy.
Little and his posse of outcasts (Ugly Duckling, Runt, the fat pig, and Fish out of Water) endear, but the rest of the film is derivative and uninspired.
It has a fresh visual style and keeps the bodily function jokes to a minimum (like Pixar), but they also stuffed the movie to the gills with pop song after pop song.
It's an antic journey with the doors locked and no stops permitted, sadly characteristic of the aggressively didactic, falsely whimsical nature of Disney's modern age.
The animators and voice actors have a great deal of sly fun bringing this misfit foursome to life.
Can someone please explain what's with the shades-wearing Corey Heart wannabe Morkubine Porcupine? His random presence is most likely an inside joke, and we are not amused.
Traditional cel animation may be dead, but it'll be remembered fondly. Pop ephemera like Chicken Little is more likely to be smiled at once, then instantly forgotten.
What I do know are movies, and in the case of Chicken Little, while no masterpiece, I can safely say it does not lay an egg. I'm sure that's got to count for something.
Looks and feels like an extended episode of a TV cartoon.
The chicken and his dad seem to feel a bit like Foghorn Leghorn from the Warner Brothers cartoon
The real disappointment here is the flatness of the humor.
What could have been a fun kids film in Chicken Little turns into an exercise in old school Disney paint-by-numbers storytelling.
Superbly fits the literary tastes of the country in which it's set and pretty much beats them at their own game. Not bad for an auteur from the colonies.
Apenas comprova o óbvio: o problema com as animações da Disney não residiam na técnica, mas nas histórias medíocres e mal contadas. E se era hábil em 2D, o estúdio é claramente deficiente em 3D.
It's little, all right.
It's too clever by half.
Despite stellar vocal performances, Chicken Little does not fly.
A splashy, spunky tale, geared to amuse its pint-sized audience.
The richest humor stems from the characters, though, and fortunately for Disney they are the most adorable bunch the studio has imagined since Lilo and Stitch.
An 80-minute sprint on a treadmill, a frantic romp with no destination.
They shot for The Incredibles or Shrek and didn't even manage Madagascar.
It's one of the most geekily enchanting things about Chicken Little, how it blends storybook sweetness... with kew-wel science-fiction notions...
Despite the aspirations of its scrappy hero, it does not stand out among the recent crop of computer-animated features. But it fits in just fine.
By the time the sky really does start 'falling' -- courtesy of an alien invasion -- Chicken Little's frantic efforts to stay farm fresh have started to wear on the nerves.
Chicken Little will automatically cluck gleefully for its youthful audience. But for others, this bland bird will take time to roast.
The 3-D screenings add little to the experience and feel more like an afterthought than a technological innovation.
The film is fine for kiddies who'll get a kick out of all the animal characters farting, burping and falling over each other.
Unfortunately, this levity is paired with a truly painful father-son relationship.
Apparently, it has significant entertainment value for the intended demographic.
The undercooked Chicken Little is a strain of cinematic salmonella, riddled with forced fun and forgettable characters.
There's both a structural randomness and predictablility to 'Chicken Little,' which has no personality or original idea driving it.
Well, it doesn't quite lay an egg. But it's nothing that will make even chicken scratches in the history of Disney, even though it's in 3-D.
I don't care if it's 2-D, 3-D, CGI or hand drawn, it all goes back to the story.
Espérons que maintenant que Pixar n'est plus là pour l'invention en animation, Disney retrouvera vite l'inspiration du passé pour ses prochains efforts.
I can only recommend this for kids between the ages of 4 and 4 1/2 and the legally blind and deaf.
If Finding Nemo established the gold standard of CG, then Chicken Little is little more than chicken feed.
For some intangible reason the heart, humor and adventure of this movie are all run of the mill.
The movie is fun for all ages, and besides - who could resist this charming, insecure, heroic little clucker?
Chicken Little provides big family fun.
A quick, fast paced pop culture fest like the best animated movies.
Obviously, this is the source of the new bird flu.
What Chicken Little does have going for it first and foremost are some fun, inviting characters fresh enough to sustain the film's other shortcomings.
This film's procession of dumb clucks and yuks manages to bring the roof down on occasion, if only through sheer manic exertion.
This wild and unexpected ride should delight younger children with its bright colors and constant chaos, while adults are likely to be charmed by the witty banter, subtle one-liners and a sweet father-son relationship.
It's an odd up-and-down storyline, and it's told with too many shortcuts: pop songs used in place of dialogue and emotion, pop references used in place of jokes.
The animators are - - you almost no longer have to say this - - fabulous and full of mischief, weaving enough ironic amusements into the story for the longer of tooth.
Chicken Little is much too glib to make us feel what its characters are experiencing; the filmmakers would much rather explode their animated sets and vaporize their talking creatures.
... as cluttered as the movie gets before the ending, it's funny throughout, with some 1970s and '80s music thrown in to keep adults happy.
Chicken Little is a mixed bag of an animated feature. It has the occasional laughs but failed to bring that big smile to my face that I always hope for.
Nothing truly fell from the sky of inspiration here, nor did imagineering rise to potential.
Chicken Little doesn't contain an original bone in its animated body, but it combines its derivations well enough to entertain kids.
Basic, colorful, storybook graphics dominate the film's look, while first-rate voice work gives it a zestful personality.
It's not a bad movie, really. The elements are all there, they just feel somehow not terribly inspired.
Most of the time, this bird is that rare chicken: one that really flies.
If I was 6, I think I'd have had a good time, but I'm not and nothing I tried could make this go by any faster - I wanted to run screaming from the theater and warn everybody.
Given Disney's marketing muscle, most kids will probably se Chicken Little whether they want to or not.
When Disney can't hit a tried-and-true fairy-tale adaptation out of the park, maybe it's time to give up the ghost and get Pixar back on the phone.
The computerized animation hasn't got enough pop, the characters are vapid rather than nonsensical or silly, the musical numbers are awful, and the emotional situation of the plot is handled like a large piece of meat at the end of a hook.
There's such a density of visual puns and pop culture reference points, kids and parents are bound to find themselves smiling in spots. The cumulative effect of the film, however, is exhaustion.
There's scarcely enough story here for a half-hour TV cartoon.
While it is colorful and jaunty and filled with benign barnyard creatures, the occasional jokes and pop references aimed for designated guardians in the audience are more insulting than entertaining.
It loses some of its emotional punch as the plot complications pile up.
It's not painful, just completely unnecessary.
Chicken Little was mildly amusing at best. There was none of the explosive laughter that fuels the Pixar world. I missed it.
The movie (directed by Mark Dindal, The Emperor's New Groove) swings from sugar buzz to glucose crash a bit too quickly.
Chicken Little settles for what's expedient and safe and, over all, lives down to its title.
Dress it up like a Pixar film all you want, but Disney's latest digitally animated adventure is hardly something to get egg-cited about.
It's almost as if Disney was so nervous about its big chance at computer animation that it crammed in the cheap jokes and disposable music and wayward side plots to make sure it appealed to everyone.
The originality and brightness of Chicken Little resides in its characters, whose names may be familiar from children's books, but whose personalities are unique.
This digitally animated feature is not quite as funny as we may have hoped. But it does have a peculiar, goofy sweetness to it, and the sheer inventiveness of the whole thing makes it pretty enjoyable.
The invasion material is acceptably funny.
Cuteness trumps horror, and Chicken Little suffices as kiddie entertainment in a moment when there's not a whole lot for youngsters to devour.
More than a loving, clever riff on a fable, Chicken Little is a grade-school primer on the language of movies with a capital M.
Sad to say, Little's magical spell goes poof halfway through.
Chicken Little is shiny and peppy, with some solid laughs and dandy vocal performances, but even a small child may sense how forced this movie is.
Destined to become a babysitter's top tot-tempering tool.
Oddly enough, Walt Disney Pictures breaks through the glass ceiling of modern animation with a tale about the sky falling.
With its charming characters and nonstop jokes, this movie is worth crossing the road to see.
Chicken Little is a family film, and its humor is decidedly of the G-rated arena. How refreshingly different...
The Disney studio was once the gold standard for feature animation. Now it gives us... the worst cartoon movie of the year.
Disney is also releasing this movie in a new Dolby digital projected 3D format. If a theatre near you offers this, check it out in this format for sure.
You can't accuse the character designers of sleeping on the job.
Chicken Little is mildly entertaining, but the stink of desperation is all over this production.
Chicken Little doesn't have a single original idea in its head... I was shocked to watch this. I expected better.
Chicken Little doesn't lay an egg, but it doesn't fly like a majestic eagle either.
Chicken Little should explode into a fury of anarchic hilarity. Instead, like the townfolk, the makers seem to be scurrying around helpless, unaware of which direction to go.
This movie's great! This movie's great! Hurry, tell everyone that it's great! Why are you looking at me like I'm crazy? It really is great!
Not a classic, but it's an entertaining, cute film and a promising start for Disney's new division.
... zippy and harried and bursting with whimsical images in place of story.
Wake me up when they make The Itsy Bitsy Spider.
Though it has meticulous detail, it has a nicely casual feel, due in part to a mix-tape selection of pop songs and jokes that perfectly offset the tension and sentiment.
not exactly a bold step forward. ...If the film is not destined to be remembered as one of Disney's enduring classics, it's enjoyable on its own terms...
won't have Pixar running scared, but it's reasonably entertaining once it finds its groove.
For a movie that's supposed to launch Disney's official CGI era, Chicken Little doesn't stand tall enough.
A nervous bundle of drips and drabs taken from dozens of other movies and TV shows -- jokes and ideas all previously tested.
Compared to the CG gems from Pixar, Chicken Little is stylistically inconsistent, narratively messy, and, well, just not much fun.
While the frenetic pacing might help conceal the movie's flaws, the bizarre twists in the plot are not easily glossed over.
Chicken Little, though it has its moments, mostly just feels anxious and overreaching. It tries to be all things to all people and fails to be anything to anyone.
The first computer-animated film from Disney also has the distinction of being a terrible movie a hectic, uninspired pastiche of catch phrases and cliches.
The title's oddly appropriate, since in an era of animation giants, this movie is small potatoes. Or in keeping with the theme, chicken feed.
A wonky, whacked-out, energetic comedy that fills its 77 minutes with more merriment than most films manage in 100
Kids will be delighted by the cute-as-a-button protagonist and a comedy/sci-fi plot that offers some pint-sized thrills without ever getting too scary.
The movie did make me smile. It didn't make me laugh, and it didn't involve my emotions, or the higher regions of my intellect, for that matter.
The visuals are irrepressibly witty and so is the script, which morphs from the classic fable into a spoof on War of the Worlds.
What makes this chick click is the humor.
If this is rated G, I'd better bring an extra pair of underpants to Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire.
In trying to be all things to all popcorn-buyers, Chicken Little comes off as a manic scramble to please everyone.
There is no doubt the movie is a wannabe, but on those terms it works.
Unlike the storytelling acumen that made Pixar's Finding Nemo about real emotional panic, Chicken Little is a clunky, arbitrarily plotted, over-caffeinated spritz.
No matter how technically proficient a movie's visual effects, they mean nothing without wit, cunning and soul.
Chicken Little gets a lot of the small things right. It's the bigger picture that gives it trouble.
Chicken Little has been Disneyfied with a vengeance.
This one will likely get the treatment of Disney mediocrity: only three direct-to-video sequels and no traveling ice show.
It is bogged down by many of the problems that have plagued Disney's recent traditional animated features: anonymous voice work, poor plot structure, and the mistaken belief that the Disney brand will elevate anything to a 'must see' level.
There's no real reason to watch past that calamitous departure point -- except to count how many stale '70s songs director Mark Dindal can string into an unbroken medley of banality.
If Disney Digital 3-D is as impressive as they say, it may still be worth checking out. But frankly, I can't bear to sit through this again to find out.
a rip-snorting flight of adventure fantasy that has an unfettered imagination and a wicked sense of humor
Oftentimes we can only fully appreciate something when we are deprived of it. On that note, please come back Pixar. We miss you already.
Boy oh boy, does Disney need Pixar!
Another in a new breed of mass-market comedy that substitutes self-reference for original wit and pop songs for emotional content.
Disney eradicated their hand-drawn animation department for this?
a nice story and enough energy to make Disney's latest film into a solid crowd-pleaser
The press materials crow that this is Disney's first fully computer-animated feature. Better they had heeded the first rule of medicine: First, do no harm.
It's one of the funniest, most charming and most exhilarating movies in years.
Too Disney . . .
A consistently amusing, often inspired family romp.
Under-nourishing and highly derivative.
CGI or traditional animation, it makes no difference. The problem with Disney's modern movies is the stories, not the methods they use to bring them to life.
A snappy and inventive computer animated film whose clever storyline has something for everyone
Amusing enough to keep the adults from being bored, while sure to please younger children.

@highlight

Disney expends more effort in the technical presentation than in crafting an original storyline.