For a Good Time, Call... is a film that works because of it's strong performances and funny script.
Co-lead Ari Graynor gives the sort of breakout performance that the film requires.
Constantly ducks away from any semblance of adult sexuality, indulging in garish colors and giggle fits.
It's a comedy that isn't always funny as it struggles to find the right tone between raunchy and sweet. It celebrates female friendship in a way few movies do, but good intentions don't always make for a good film.
the concept was rife with possibilities that could synergize with Graynor's fresh appeal as well as her rising-star status. Neither the possibilities nor the synergy happens, mainly due to an underdeveloped story.
Sure, there's some ribald humor, and the subject matter is clearly edgy. However, it's really a sweet story of friendship wrapped in a sexy package.
short on laughs and high on vulgarity
For a Good Time, Call... is one of those pleasant surprises sometimes experienced in the cinema when the Gods of Celluloid, reading your attendance as a sign of defeat, take pity and alchemise the material you'd braced yourself to despise.
Tedious and repellent: avoid.
If there's one thing more annoying than the dumb mainstream sex comedy, it's the dumb mainstream sex comedy that has aspirations towards indie funk.
Colourful direction and sparky performances help make this friendship comedy watchable, although it never seems like a finished film.
The film keeps trying to be filthy and outrageous, but is actually rather timid.
What saves this ultimately charming indie... from its inescapable sitcomishness and an over-reliance on some tired stereotypes is that it does manage genuine cuteness in a realm that has enormous potential to be icky and crude.
Ari Graynor and Lauren Anne Miller are great as the sassy pair and despite a veneer of sex, in truth the film is more about friendship.
Disarmingly sweet, defending the girls' enterprise and friendship in the face of all judgment.
Transcends the more pat aspects of its story, connecting in fun fashion by sheer force of personality.
Has emotional authenticity and a decent laugh quotient, but overall enjoyment is marred by general ridiculous and unresolved sub-plots.
Earns points for focusing on the central female friendship and for its refreshingly frank and breezy attitude to sex, though it's slightly let down by a late-arriving plot development that fails to fully convince.
Think American Pie (without the sight gags) meets Sex and the City (without the gloss) and you've got this, a girls-on-top comedy that's all spit and no polish.
Watching [Travis] add his kitschy touch to such a witless, faux-edgy movie can only be described as a Travis-ty.
For A Good Time delivers, yes, exactly that.
[It] sports such a puppy-ish desire to be liked, but for a really good time, you'd be better off just watching Bridesmaids again.
The idea that phone sex workers can turn out to be quite different than their disembodied voices imply might be worth exploring by a more earnest, diligent and engaged intelligence than whatever drove this project.
The two charmingly funny leads and smart, timely dialogue are what make the film work; bottom line, calling upon this comedy flick will definitely result in a good time.
Naughty but nice.
Save the money you might spend for a ticket to see For a Good Time, Call... and just read a dive bar's restroom wall for free. That's the sub-level of comedy here, with a litany of crude sexual euphemisms and phallic images passed off as jokes.
While the film still earns a recommendation, a better buildup and a few more potent gags might have elevated this from bridesmaid status in the comedy genre to Bridesmaids status as an across-the-board hit.
Graynor confidently graduates from best-friend roles to a witty, wise-cracking and hilariously sexy leading lady.
A phoned-in sex comedy that arrives with all the charm and warmth of a wrong number
Unfortunately Travis lacks the comedic skill and humanistic insight to make this anything more than Judd Apatow lite.
Consistently tries too hard, one-upping itself with mostly unfunny vulgarity while paying little attention to plot or believable character development.
The movie gets a lot of mileage out of the appeal of its two stars. Miller and Graynor work well together and cultivate an authentic, even touching, relationship.
There's a difference between comedy and behavior. For a Good Time, Call... aims for the former but mostly contains the latter.
A fun, healthy, sexy comedy that pulls no punches and focuses on a realistic female friendship and the powerful dynamic that sexuality plays in our lives.
Accept this Call, it's well worth it.
It's easy to give into its charms.
The thin but amusing concept is bolstered by the performances of its two spunky protagonists.
The film is worth seeing for the humor and for its high level of energy, but it falls short of being the "complete package."
Graynor has delivered reliable comedic backup before, stealing the show in Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist and the otherwise dreckful What's Your Number?. Here, she's second to no one.
Only undone by its pedestrian screenwriting, which is so slavish to formula, it comes to destroy the big screen party director Jamie Travis is fighting to maintain.
Is it one for the ages? No. Is it a good time? Good enough.
The film (a) is not recommended for the prudish and (b) does not live up to its title.
A shallow movie with nothing new besides than the exalatation of the bonds of female friendship.
The film is a wobbly attempt to follow in the stilettos of "Bridesmaids," but its tissue-sharp punch lines and undernourished characters fall woefully short.
This hot-pink and leopard-print take on a familiar formula is so energetic and self-assured that it powers past its predictability.
I watched "For a Good Time" with horror at how awful it is.
For a good time, don't.
Smutty, short and sweet.
Director Jamie Travis is content to keep FOR A GOOD TIME, CALL... at a sitcom level, set in a squeaky-clean, good-natured New York.
The confusion in For a Good Time, Call... is delightful, the phone-sex talk sweetening the vibe.
Smutty, salacious female relationship comedy, appealing to the libidinous 'Sex and the City' and 'Bridesmaids' crowd.
A rarity amongst recent releases, a film that really is both hilarious and heartfelt.
It's the movie's affectionate portrait of female friendship, along with Miller and Graynor's loose, playful performances, that make this whole imperfect soufflé rise as high as it does.
Instead of perseverating on the gender behind this phone sex comedy, it's best to flat out state that the movie is hilarious.
[uses] a refreshing sense of ribald humor, and a sharply realized, bracingly honest wit [to] look at the dynamic that most real women would identify as the defining relationship in their lives, the one with their best friend.
For a movie that, on the surface, would seem to be about sex, For a Good Time, Call... is surprisingly sweet, painting an all-too-rare portrait of two young women in the process of building a solid friendship.
A super-light R-rated comedy more in the Doris Day tradition than it's willing to acknowledge.
Girls just want to have fun making raunchy R-rated comedies, too.
A totally forgettable piece of substandard sitcom fluff that will one day be a blip on Ari Graynor's resume.
There's a decent joke in For a Good Time, Call... but just one, and it's played over and over again.
A derivative and unimaginative glimpse of friendship and the phone-sex business.
...a high-concept premise that's employed to surprisingly (if not exactly consistent) down-to-earth effect...
Unfortunately nothing here is very good.
Quirky, hilarious and inexplicably charming.
It's a showcase for writing that doesn't dazzle and a story of self-discovery that reveals no new insights.
Adheres to those familiar, looping patterns of joy, rancor and revelation that everyone, in the age of Final Draft, have come to expect of a standard comic screenplay.
Boasts almost the same degree of intellectual heft, moral nuance and philosophical rigour as a sitcom.
Travis, making his feature debut, gets very likable performances out of his female stars.
Could a genuinely good, or genuinely funny, movie ever be made about two girls who operate a phone-sex line?
It's a breezy, slightly pristine romp that, by its very nature of the virtual hands-off concept of ringing the caller's bell without so much as mussing one's hair, affirms that the bighearted sex-capade is alive and well.
Perhaps the barely audible, rhythmic slapping sounds are meant to shore up the whole thing. After all, those are funny, right?
If it doesn't find an audience then future generations are bound to look back on us as stuck-up prudes.
A smutty feature-length sitcom with heart, "For a Good Time, Call..." is like a well-cast, middle-of-the-road television series; it's pleasant enough while passing the time, but also so insignificant that it's only too easy to forget.
In a rare instance of truth in advertising, this movie actually is a good time.
[It] doesn't aspire to be more than a broad, sloppy, old-fashioned sitcom with a sexy gimmick. But it is quite funny, and at the screening I attended, the loudest laughs came from young women in the audience.
It feels like a movie you've seen already - and it was better the first time around.
Though the nimble cast works hard to make it as agreeable as it can be...the movie never transcends the basic formula.
Have we really come a long way from chick flicks about women expressing friendship by nursing each other though divorce, cancer and other common losses, to movies in which women can only express love through a windy haze of carnal chatter?
Just like the erotic fantasies that the film's leads peddle, you don't have to buy into the central conceit to enjoy yourself.
When it tires of the familiar setup and character dynamic, it delivers a minor surprise that makes both these women more interesting and complicated than they were a scene ago.
Snappy, sassy, full of zingers and zippy cameos, the last film of summer 2012 is a pleasant shock, offering Ari Graynor a welcome promotion from best friend-evil girlfriend roles.
Despite some earnest laughs and a sincere heart, Call can't seem to rise above its TV sitcom styling.
It's certainly an amusing premise, but sweetness and raunch are a tricky mix. Judd Apatow excels at it. First timers Miller and Naylon aren't quite there yet.
A terrific comedy about female friendship.
The most adorably filthy movie you may ever see, "For a Good Time, Call..." marks a promising feature debut for acclaimed short-film director Jamie Travis and writers Katie Anne Naylon and Lauren Miller.
Talkin' dirty proves just the ticket in this rather eccentrically anachronistic but also rather winning little female-fueled comedy.
[A] witty comic romp that isn't afraid to show its heart along with its naughty bits.
Travis keeps things moving so briskly, you find yourself not minding how by-the-numbers the story is. And then within that by-the-numbers story, there end up being enough surprises and subversive twists that you find yourself unexpectedly charmed.
The jokes should write themselves; in this case, they don't. This material may be obvious but it can still be funny. But it's not. End of story.
While the perky vulgarity is sometimes overwhelming, For A Good Time scores points by treating sex frankly, with playful mock coyness or none at all.
I'm not objecting to the movie on grounds of taste but because it is stupid, vulgar, crass and mercilessly formulaic.
Fun and funny, raunchy and and sweet. At last, Graynor gets the shot at stardom she deserves.
It's Ari Graynor's movie - she's like Kate Hudson possessed by the spirit of Bette Midler. And all the better off for it.
Even though the film plays out like a formulaic sitcom, it does have its moments.
An inexorably laughless affair that would make a potent interrogation tool.
I've had more exciting conversations on the phone with my mother.
After establishing a sort of Odd Couple-ish character dynamic, the script cleverly subverts it.
... not just smart and sexy -- which, to be honest, is rare enough in filmmaking these days -- but it's also got a great deal of humanity and humor.
[VIDEO ESSAY] Indolent pacing combines with tone-deaf dialogue for a movie that is a chore to endure.
While the heart of the movie is the at-times strained relationship between the two leads, it all unfolds rather by the numbers, dictated more by the expected arc of such things than the demands of the characters.
This unapologetically raunchy comedy ought to be the vehicle that sets Ari Gaynor up for, at the very least, the chance to play the lead in an edgy sitcom or something.
This comedy shines the spotlight on two underrated actresses, Lauren Miller and Ari Graynor, making it far more than a little worthwhile.
It may not be as great as Bridesmaids or even as outrageous and sharp as Zack & Miri Make A Porno, but of all the female-centric comedies at Sundance this year, this was certainly the funniest.
It's tough to complain too much about as giddy and good-natured a sex comedy as this one.
The notion of a love story that's really about two women becoming friends is gimmicky, I'll grant, but Graynor and Miller are so charming together...
For a Good Time, Call... doesn't rise much above sitcom level in material or execution, but provides enough laughs and goodwill to be disarmingly entertaining.
Despite those reservations, the film ends up generating a tremendous amount of charm and good cheer once it gets over its own supposed shock value.
Female buddy comedy makes the most of its phone-sex premise.

@highlight

Brisk, funny, and sweetly raunchy, For a Good Time, Call... adds to the recent string of R-rated female comedies while serving as an overdue coming out party for the charming Ari Graynor.