The director Catherine Breillat's period adaptation of an 1851 novel by Barbey d'Aurevilly delivers sex and pain with style and conviction that render her familiar themes new again.
The Last Mistress displays the director's contempt for conventionality in clear, ringing tones.
Breillat's unflinching instinct for the doomed, all-consuming pull of sexual obsession shakes the story up in rewarding ways.
An elegant film about an irresistible hot romance.
Argento seizes each scene with both hands, adding surprising layers of feeling as she goes.
It's devastating.
Rather boring.
The characters ultimately feel more like pawns to be manipulated, rather than flesh-and-blood human beings who suffer and love, which gives the film's message that the two are essentially one in the same a rather hollow ring.
All of the characters are so elusive and thin there's nothing to grab our interest.
It is an outstandingly intelligent, formally pleasing film, and a fascinating development for Breillat herself.
[An] entertaining, elegantly shot adaptation of Jules Barbey d'Aurevilly's 19th century novel.
There was a point about midway through "The Last Mistress" when I was honestly wondering if it was intentionally bad.
Seldom have a filmmaker and lead actress performed in perfect, artistic sync.
Argento is a feral beauty who devours everything in her path, and a perfect actress for Breillat. But the director seems hemmed in by the period finery, and the movie is a self-conscious yawn.
Argento, the daughter of Italian horror maestro Dario Argento, has become a force to be reckoned with on the international film scene over the past couple of years.
Screenwriter/director Catherine Breillat's take on the tale has a definite feminist slant to it, which may explain why the male characters come off so badly. And unfortunately, sometimes that makes it dull.
Oh god, have I ever seen a more tedious 'erotic' movie than this one?
There's plenty of skin and acrobatic positioning in Catherine Breillat's The Last Mistress, but the ferocious passions they signify are far more interesting.
Argento... owns this film, body and soullessness.
What makes the movie ineluctably compelling is Argento's fire in the title role.
A dispassionate autopsy of a passionate triangle, brilliantly devised if not always perfectly executed.
It's characteristic of the virtues and limitations of French sexual provocateur Catherine Breillat...that they usually derive from the same source--the fearless determination to skirt the borders of camp.
Lusty yet somewhat tepid French sex drama.
Cool, carnal, and lethal, The Last Mistress is a period drama with a difference.
There's a brittle pomp and circumstance to The Last Mistress, which suddenly turns into a sensual witch's dance, once star Asia Argento is let loose about a third of the way into the film.
Despite an austere budget and some minor anachronisms, The Last Mistress proves that Breillat has found something in the luscious language of the 19th century that makes sense to us today.
A costume drama with an emphasis on costume over drama.
The cynicism and fire of the film all emerges from the heat of Asia Argento. In giving a truly fearless performance as the title character, she uses her body and audacity to tweak the upper-class society that can't take their eyes off her.
Asia Argento, as Vellini, is a firebrand, a woman who is attractive even in non-seductive moments when she is angry or downcast or 'off-stage.'
Aattou plays his role with the supreme self-confidence of a man in control, his deep blue eyes radiating calm, but Argento seems to know better. She is a wild, physical force, a primal fury who could only be resisted if she were to allow it.
[Breillat's] latest and possibly most entertaining exercise in erotica.
The Last Mistress is grindingly predictable, its view of sex as hand-to-hand combat (the lovers here assault each other like Sumo wrestlers) is often unintentionally funny and the casting is all wrong.
[Breillat] is inviting us to really look at sex as it occurs in life, and to engage with it mentally, as a driving mystery of human existence.
The sex, like almost everything else in The Last Mistress, is mechanical.
It is Claude Sarraute's performance that I love most of all in the film. I can easily imagine spending the night in the salon of this old lady, and telling her everything she wants to hear.
If you like saucy period pieces, this is definitely for you.
Was that chicken really slaughtered on film?? Gorgeously photographed and provides enough suspense to hold you enthralled throughout.
Not the kind of period piece that you normally get from Catherine Breillat.
Lush. Debauched. Ravishing. And did I mention sexy? The Last Mistress, from French controversialist Catherine Breillat, is Dangerous Liaisons, uncorseted and undressed.
Damned if it doesn't suck you in like a late-night rerun of Rock of Love.
Slave to love... and pride... and obsession. And, Argento!
Steamy, sumptuous and sensual, filled with post-feminist sexual politics. Think of a 19th century "Fatal Attraction" in French.
This is an offbeat adaptation (by Breillat) of the controversial 19th century novel by Jules-Amedee Barbey d'Aurevilly that benefit from its new millennium character, Vellini, played with gusto by Asia Argento.
Ms. Breillat has forgone the anarchic force of her earlier forays into the still relatively underdeveloped realm of female sexuality. As a pioneer of sorts in her field, she has earned this temporary respite of classicism represented by The Last Mistress.
Breillat's most accessible film, but she does not compromise...Asia Argento eats the screen alive...It's an oversized performance, just on the verge of lunacy.
Lush cinematic compositions, locations, and costumes compensate for some of the story's lacking impact, but not enough to recommend it as anything more than a guilty pleasure.
The kind of delicious costume drama you want to eat with a spoon.
The sumptuous costumes and florid dialogue in The Last Mistress represent early-19th-century French custom at its most curlicued, but the power of one woman's molten sexuality is timeless in Catherine Breillat's rich drama.
[T]his may be the Breillat film for people who can't stand Breillat films.
I can get partially behind any movie that commences with Michael Lonsdale greedily and noisily chomping into a moist leg of pheasant.
The tale is told from the point of view of the man, which is an intriguing tack, but sadly, the sordid story unravels slowly and surprisingly tediously, considering all the emotional interplay, intrigue, gore, and gratuitous sex - I was bored beyond belie
The Last Mistress' fervent energy is derived from its titular mistress' explode-at-any-second volatility.
As gorgeous-looking as the picture is, you could never accuse Breillat of anything so banal as good taste.
The most overtly sensual film to come our way of late.
Though Argento and Aattou lack the searing chemistry needed, the social politics are consistently intriguing, and everything -- not to mention everyone -looks absolutely stunning.
Decorous to a fault, in the manner of middling Eric Rohmer talkfests, it's a film that could use some shaking up.
In The Last Mistress, the director Catherine Breillat's explorations of desire are so far from the antiseptic world of most screen depictions as to seem far out.
Breillat's concoction of an intriguing labyrinth of desire, passion and bubbling emotions exert a powerful grip.
After Anatomy of Hell's tampon tea, any of The Last Mistress's transgressions will pale in comparison.
[Breillat's] movies often seem more clinical than insightful, more biological than emotional. This time, by braiding the desires of her male and female characters instead of letting one oppress the other, she's found an appealing balance.
Though Argento's full-barreled performance hits some bum notes, her utter lack of reserve stands out as both reckless and courageous against the social rigors of Parisian high society.
Breillat's latest presents one of the great performances of this year and the director's most accessible work to date
A perfect showcase for Argento's carnal charms.
Breasts are bared, butts are flashed and the sexual energy emanating from all of the characters is so potently blistering it could just about cause audience members to unexpectedly burst into flames.
Self -indulgent sexaholism as a pre-feminist mantra and mandate.
Breillat can't make up for Argento's shallowness, and her own political imprudence gets in the way of her romanticism.
Highly entertaining.
There are far too many ludicrous, overwrought sex scenes. [...] The Last Mistress is nothing but pure, laughable melodrama.
Breillat has recreated an entire lost world of French manners and mores, which, while being almost terrifyingly intimate, also possesses a near-epic sweep.
Argento delivers volumes in her vivid physical performance ... In Asia, it looks like the filmmaker [Breillat] has finally met her match.
With small talk fueling this French Provincial porn more than the dull sex, you may be reading this movie and its subtitles, more than watching it. And while it's not clear why she's The Last Mistress, this babe could be The First Stalker.
Considered by the director to be her favorite picture, we don't wonder why: it's accessible with chemistry between two lovers that could burn up the seats in the cineplex.
Believe it or not, Breillat paints a vivid and affecting portrait of this unhealthy, irresistible sexual obsession.
Neither a good French period drama nor effective pornography, this is a real disappointment.
A lush and lavish love triangle that has Asia Argento at its tip.
As the liaisons grow more dangerous, Breillat masterfully exposes seething undercurrents of jealousy and desire.
Visually, the film is an uninteresting as the similarly dour Don't Touch the Axe, and now Breillat's health is failing it may be time she hung-up her viewfinder.
Swiftly and deftly immersing us in the fashions - not just the clothes and decor, but also the changing sexual and social ethics - of the 1830s, Breillat's meticulous, eloquent script and direction succeed in relating a consistently engrossing story.
even as this odd couple cuts its destructive path through the social order in a story that is essentially a tragedy, they come across as idealised revolutionaries rather than deluded victims of love.
In this lush period piece, starring gutsy actress Argento, France's audacious director Breillat continues to explore sexual politics in a bold yet entertaining way, resulting in a more accessible work.
Argento vamps her way through Breillat's film with an enthusiasm rarely seen these days outside a drag show.
While the story may creak, the performances do not; a wonderful cast breathes life into the characters %u2026 Strangely unsatisfying, the film nevertheless looks superb and Breillat's direction is fluid, aided by top notch editing and a great score
That rare period piece in which characters and their relationships are rendered with as much precision and detail as the set and costumes.
Breillat's most commercial film to date is an enjoyable costume drama that plays like an arthouse sequel to Dangerous Liaisons and features an utterly bonkers performance from Asia Argento.
The costumes are lavish but never get in the way of the characters, who are all fully fleshed out and given added verve from the excellent cast.
This talky, heavy melodrama is pretty to look at, but behind it there is nothing of substance
Asia Argento is the lively center of a sometimes meandering tale of sexual intrigue.
The adventures of a handsome libertine, his sexy Spanish mistress, and the beautiful young woman he is engaged to marry.
Adapting a book by semi-notorious novelist and critic Jules Barbey d'Aurevilly (1808-89), Breillat freely stamps her strong and singular feminine insights on a man's material.
Breillat here shakes historical drama out of its petticoats, with a torrid but rigorously executed tale of bohemian amour fou.
French director and provocatrice extraordinaire Catherine Breillat is finally tamed by a partially stilted adaptation of an early 19th century literary classic.





@highlight

More complicated than your average bodice ripper, Catherine Breillat's Last Mistress features beautiful costumes, wrought romances, and a feral performance from Argento.