There is something intensely agreeable to me about a film of this kind. Its nervy characters, baffled by life and bruised by its disappointments; its picky dialogue; its gentle teasing, without condescension ...
Noah Baumbach's spleen is directed at the second-rate pretending that they are first-rate. This is called "punching down" and in line with America's degraded values.
There is a lot of awkwardness, some genuine sadness, some tension-relieving humor, and just enough suggestion of potential growth to avoid either an overly dark ending or a phony feel-good one.
The Squid and the Whale ... achieves an emotional catharsis [that] resists falling back on saccharine cliches
Try as he might to cut to the frayed nerves of a scene, Baumbach lets cuteness get in the way
A simple but engrossing parable of a family set in half, and their children having to choose sides.
Like the diorama in New York's Museum of Natural History from which the film's title is derived, The Squid And The Whale depicts deep-seated conflict in a manner that is at once exquisitely lifelike and mesmerisingly awful to look at.
The script is delightful, and the banter between the family members is fresh without seeming too scripted.
Un retrato honesto y revelador de la descomposición de un matrimonio, visto desde la perspectiva de los hijos adolescentes.
...Baumbach's most emotionally potent and visually coherent film to date.
Doesn't break much new ground in terms of parental misconduct or adolescent sexual confusion.
Beautifully written, moving and frequently hilarious drama with terrific performances and superb, Oscar-nominated dialogue - this is one of the best films of the year.
It's brittle, yet tender. Familiar, yet fresh. Intelligent with shooting pains of unpredictability, the film offers no simple answers to unanswerable questions. Instead it leave us with a heartfelt portrayal that involves and touches us.
Relentless in its condemnation of childish parenting and irresponsibility, Noah Baumbach's uncomfortable The Squid and the Whale ranks as one of 2005's best films by pulling no punches whatsoever.
An insightful, unblinking, bittersweet and funny portrait of a family in the process of a bitter divorce.
As smart and strongly acted as the movie is, you're still left with the feeling that it's ultimately a rather thin slice of personal history that would have been better left as a short story or a lifetime of therapy sessions.
A wry exercise in acute observation and emotional distancing, Noah Baumbach's The Squid and the Whale represents what's best in autobiographical filmmaking.
... this movie makes you want to hit these stupid parents on the head with a mallet until they come to their senses and realize their poison is contaminating their children.
[Squid] joins The Ice Storm and The Royal Tennebaums ... as one of the strongest recent films about the far-reaching consequences of adultery and divorce.
A biting comedy emerges from the truths in the characters' confused actions, brought brilliantly to life by each of the actors.
A deeply personal and unsparing film, The Squid and the Whale finds humor in the heartache and harpoons the notion that divorce has no casualties.
Perceptive and graced with a dozen or so small moments of truth ... a highly personal movie that will so thoroughly connect with some members of its audience that they might well be transformed by it.
In the end, Baumbach's rich film is about coming to terms with reality.
In its tragicomic presentation strikes a true note.
What sets the movie apart is its caustic stripping down of the false academic, a satisfying approach that generates interest because of the egos on display, and because of the egos eventually bashed.
There's no Oscar-bait speech where the hero reveals his hidden depths, no happy ending, just the loose ends and ambiguities of real life and real relationships.
The film has been nominated for six Independent Spirit Awards -- including nominations as best picture and best director.
You could call it the filet of the divorce movie genre.
Delineates the scary disillusion that occurs when a child realizes his parents are not only fallible but, sometimes, pathetic...
Maybe it's just me, but a big yuck to the affair between Daniels' character and one played by Anna Paquin. You might remember them playing father and daughter 10 years ago in Fly Away Home.
The sort of movie you want to see again and again, even if it concerns a period of Baumbach's life that he seems perfectly happy to live through just once.
It's the movie's pitch-perfect performances that provide a rock-solid foundation for its tale of crumbling relationships.
Baumbach's film is both autobiographical and insightful.
It's been a while since a movie emitted such conflicted emotions, but that's exactly how it is watching Noah Baumbach's revelatory The Squid and the Whale.
It's the sort of film that's bound to be labeled modest, but it packs a hefty emotional wallop.
The Squid and the Whale is essentially about how we grow up by absorbing what is useful in our parents and forgiving what is not.
Baumbach's script is incisive, witty and remarkably humane, and puts it all together in a concise 80 minutes.
Squid keeps you on your toes, but payoffs will have you smiling - - maybe in rueful recognition of the truth - - in scene after scene.
A downer of a comedy, but one that brings out remarkable performances.
Give Dr. Phil 24 hours to work with the dysfunctional Berkman family, and he'd be selling used cars in Reno within a week, probably wearing clip-on ties and living at the Extended Stay America.
The performances are uniformly excellent, capturing the raw emotions of people who feel their lives are spiraling out of control.
A complex, bristling film that resonates on many levels without ever overstating its case.
Daniels (who has never been better) and Linney bravely and simply open up the souls of Bernard and Joan and let viewers see what they want to see.
Baumbach still feels such word-inflicted wounds and draws on them to create some wrenching drama, speckled with touches of caustic comedy.
Marital discord receives an innovative treatment in this impressive feature.
Baumbach's portraits of these unique characters, particularly the angry Walt and the opinion-dropping cheapskate Bernard, are etched in acid and bitingly funny.
All of the performances are stellar, including Oscar-caliber performances from Daniels and Linney. But just like Kramer vs. Kramer, it's the little kid who steals the show.
[Demonstrates], once again, that the thinnest line in the emotional realm can be the one between love and hate.
Don't look now, but Jeff Daniels' days as 'the other Jeff' may be coming to an end.
A good movie held together in a web of repulsions; a great observation of human behavior
Hilarious, harrowing and heartbreaking, The Squid and the Whale is one of the best movies of the year.
Not much subtlety here. While the film is billed as a comedy and a drama, this story of a childish father spoiling the lives of his family is not a laughing matter.
This film thinks it has more to say than it actually does. Ignoring its pretensions, however, it's a solid, quirky piece of work.
Naturally honest, painfully poignant but funny, too.
Baumbach is one of the most literate of the younger directors, and this comes through in his smart dialogue ... and his films' unformulaic structure.
If they can bear to see their son cursing like a sailor, drinking up a storm, and masturbating like a fanatic, Kevin Kline and Phoebe Cates have a lot to be proud of.
Though it's clear where Walt gets such ideas, it's painful to watch him implement them.
It has the messiness of real life, with uncombed hair and unanswered questions.
A brutal study in distracted parenting.
The Squid and the Whale isn't easy to watch, but it's beautifully written and acted, with a sharp eye for the small embarrassments of divorce.
Baumbach perfectly captures the atmosphere of a childhood marred by emotional fisticuffs.
Brevity is, indeed, the soul of wit, and in this case, wit barely starts to describe the value of this dead-on, full-of-life motion picture.
The movie's lasting sting belies its brief 80 minutes. This is one cinematic novella that stays with you for quite a while.
Hooked me, but at a scant 75 minutes, didn't reel me in.
The Squid and the Whale has a rock solid script with great dialogue and full-bodied characters. Better still, the film has a cast that is top-notch across the board.
Daniels gives the best performance of his career, and one I want to see rewarded with an Oscar nomination.
The movie feels like it was written in the filmmaker's own sweat and tears.
Writing it must have been like giving oneself a root canal on laughing gas...as Bernard would say, 'it's dense.'
The secret to enjoying The Squid and the Whale, which is witty, frank and merciless, is recognizing that all four people deserve our sympathy because they are all damaged.
Daniels and Linney do a great job of being despicable without coming off as monstrous, which is what makes the characters credible.
One of those rare films in which everything feels right ... [with an] underlying witty melancholy that suggests a filmmaker fully locked into his groove.
A literate, sharply observed film that juggles tragic and comedic elements to achieve a wonderfully distinctive tone.
This may be the best film ever about the effects of divorce on children.
Its richly occupied atmospherics of doubt, rancor and combative assertion should maybe add up to a little more weight, but that is wishing more than complaining.
For the most part, The Squid and the Whale feels right, and right on target.
It's a movie filled with pain and frustration, but it's also consistently funny, riding the fine line between tragic understanding and comic observation.
It allows us to feel for all the aggrieved parties. This is no small achievement, considering how badly everyone behaves.
This movie -- shot in less than a month on a very small budget -- has the stinging intelligence of a sharp novel, but tempered by genuine sadness.
The most praiseworthy thing about emerging writer-director Noah Baumbach's movie is the precise observation and delivery of language.
It's very effective at taking you out of whatever world you were in before you walked into the theatre and putting you right in the middle of this family.
There's nothing fun about divorce, but The Squid and the Whale manages to wring humor from a sharp-edged, painfully real separation story that goes straight for the jugular on its way to the funny bone.
As one who survived the epic clash of estranged parents, Baumbach has not only lived to tell the tale but has grown up with sufficient empathy to retell it with great flourish, and from the perspectives of the warriors and their collateral damage.
A scabrous ode to the unmanageable muddle of interpersonal relationships.
Sounds a crystal-clear alarm against the danger that the sins of the father will visit themselves upon the son -- even in the heart of the so-called intelligentsia.
In Baumbach's compelling coming-of-age portrait of stark domesticity, The Squid and the Whale is ruthlessly savvy as an introspective showcase of self-reflection
You get the sense (Baumbach) is trying to work out something personal here ... but it's hard to do that using someone else's language.
The foundation of any good family drama is interesting characters, and The Squid and the Whale is replete with them
With brisk energy, Baumbach finds equal parts humor and sadness in the foibles of his family.
"The Squid and the Whale" is without question one of the best films of the year.
A worthy film, satisfying along the way and indicative of an appealing talent.
The film will have adult audiences laughing, squirming and perhaps even crying in equal measure. We are witnesses to authentic truths about life after love has mutated and lapsed.
This is a film that reinvigorates the divorce cliché through the steady application of two ingredients: scrupulous honesty and admirable concision.
The collapse of this nuclear family is peppered with wry humor that nevertheless rubs raw.
One of the most acutely observed views of family life in a great while.
It's a small miracle.
That Jeff Daniels character in particular is such a perfect crystallization of a certain kind of intellectual who is so pleased with himself and so incapable of being a decent human being.
An outstanding film from writer/director Baumbach that is wickedly funny and honest. Daniels and Eisenberg are fantastic!
The acid exchanges and inconvenient longings of a dissolving marriage, the exquisite agony of those first flutterings of love and those first earthquakes of lust.
An incisive and intimate tale of a Brooklyn family falling apart as told by the two sons.
Acutely observed, faultlessly acted, graced with piercing emotion and unsparing honesty, it will make you laugh because you can't bear to cry.
Works very well as a grown-up family entertainment unafraid of all the indelicate details of pubescent indiscretions among children entangled in a supposedly 'friendly' divorce.
Where both of Baumbach's earlier writing-directing efforts occasionally undercut sparkling dialogue with vague characters and Gen-X glibness, Squid goes deep.
in The Squid and the Whale, Noah Baumbach weds his verbal gifts to a fresh visual acuity that brings layers of rich detail to a portrait of a family coping, poorly, with self-inflicted change.
Engrosses, entertains and revolts...
[Jeff Daniels] and the rest of the cast play their roles with uncommon ease.
...may sound casually like The Royal Tenenbaums, but Baumbach's painstakingly humane and fragile portrait is far less ironic or pretentious.
In charting the effects of a divorce on the two adolescent sons of literary parents, Baumbach revisits the time, place, and events of his young adulthood in a manner that is at once sentimental and a little sneering.
t's not what you'd call enterainment, although it has some really good performances and is morally instructive.
A film this fully realized, with such a personal and sharply focused eye for the telling details of human behavior -- unsparing but not unforgiving -- is a rarity to be prized.
Without jerking tears or reducing the acid content of his wit, Baumbach's humane movie gets under your skin.
The Squid and the Whale represents Baumbach's own coming-of-age as a gifted filmmaker. Put it on your must-see list.
Underrated in films like this, Imaginary Heroes and The Hours, Daniels seamlessly transitions from powerful to pathetic.
A startling new drama.
Has so much going for it -- including intelligent performances that mesh beautifully, and a keen understanding of how seemingly small moments can rattle the foundations of families -- that you walk away from it feeling it should add up to more.
A fundamentally unrewarding story.
Linney and Daniels are extraordinary in conveying parental selfishness, and Baumbach's writing style (he hangs with Wes Anderson and cowrote Life Aquatic) never allows for clear-cut emotions.
Wickedly funny, there's still a recognizable warmth, a sense of familiarity, in Baumbach's writing.
Baumbach captures the ways in which children takes sides in a war they can't even begin to comprehend.
Photographed in a rough-hewn, French New Wave style befitting its alienated characters, The Squid and the Whale significantly fulfills the promise of Baumbach's 1995 debut feature Kicking and Screaming.
Baumbach's real achievement is his deft ability to balance the emotional brutality of joint custody with the natural humor of domestic life.
A funny, poignant and layered portrait of a literary family in freefall.
Baumbach lets no one off the hook, least of all himself.
You can look at The Squid and the Whale as the truest kind of artistic coming-of-age story: a cathartic piece of self-criticism.
The Squid and the Whale gazes inward, like a diary, and with its washed-out look it's bitterly sober.
[A] wrenchingly funny, agonizingly astute movie.
Mining his own chidlhood, Noah Baumbach has put together an unsparing, funny portrait of a family in crisis and a young man trying to figure out his parents and himself.
Baumbach's top-notch script and original characters make up for its low-budget production values
about three-fourths of one of the greatest films you will ever see
Tender, cruel, and very funny, Baumbach's fourth feature turns family history into a sort of urban myth.
Baumbach's film substitutes Wes Anderson's ironic preciousness for a more blunt confrontation of its characters' mixed-up, distraught emotions.
An open house that allows us to enter and freely share in the emotional upheavals of all the characters in this dysfunctional family.
Baumbach crams an impressive amount of characterization and humor into 82 minutes.
...would be just as effective on home video as on the big screen...
Both literarily wise and literary in itself, The Squid and the Whale is a fresh rendering of the agony of divorce.
Makes up in strong performances and wry observation what it sometimes lacks in narrative drive.
A better picture than the 1979 Oscar-winner Kramer Vs. Kramer, and in emotional honesty, on par with Shoot the Moon and Smash Palace, two of the divorce genre's best
An insightful presentation of everyday tragedy.
A mixed bag of mediocrity, amounting to nothing more than a composite of superior elements.
The most impressive debut at Sundance was Noah Baumbach's wickedly, heartbreakingly funny divorce drama, The Squid and the Whale. A time-capsule keeper.









@highlight

This is a piercingly honest, acidly witty look at divorce and its impact on a family.