McCarthy is still not funny, never was, never will be.
It doesn't make a lick of sense, largely because none of these characters acts like a recognizable human being.
McCarthy is still a tremendously appealing presence, but her script about a gal who tries to move on after her himbo boyfriend kicks her to the curb is pure amateur hour.
When Carmen Electra as a ghetto body waxer is the highlight of your film, you've got trouble.
Dirty Love is in the worst possible taste. It has crossed the Himalayas of bad taste and come out the other side. And for that reason, if no other, I kinda love it.
Dirty Love is ninety mintes of soul-crushing idiocy, wrapped in incompetence and smothered in fart jokes.
Aims to be the chick-flick answer to Deuce Bigalow, but even that turns out to be setting its sights too high.
The shtick is desperately crude and not particularly funny. One wonders why any actress, even a retired MTV game show hostess, would stoop to such a disgraceful gig.
Dreadfully lacking...about as awkwardly received as a training bra on Anna Nicole Smith's bouncy bosom...a cheap-minded farce aimed at the lowest common denominator
You can't really like a movie that features a beautiful young woman who sometimes is naked and you end up leaving the theatre wishing you could see less of her.
Even by the standards of its bottom-feeding genre, Dirty Love clings to the gutter like a rat in garbage.
One thing you can say for McCarthy: The woman knows no vanity.
The shoddy script and train wreck of a supporting cast don't do much to win us over.
Comedy can be a deadly weapon in the wrong hands.
Jenny McCarthy's giddy charm is wasted by screen writer Jenny McCarthy.
This dyspeptic exploration of modern romance was written by TV-star Jenny McCarthy, who tailored its vulgar slapstick to her own apparently endless willingness to be the butt of raunchy gags.
I can remember only one other scene in the entire 90-minute movie that made me laugh...
McCarthy ... is so busy trying to prove she doesn't take herself seriously that she undersells what is actually some serious comedic talent.
An hour and a half of uninspired dreck.
Attention, Razzie voters.
Here is a film so pitiful, it doesn't rise to the level of badness. It is hopelessly incompetent.
Facing up to such nasty, untidy realities of modern coupledom would have given Dirty Love some of the edge it aspires to, but seriously lacks.
Excruciatingly inept.
The lowlights are many.
This banal comedy is filmmaking of the lowest order.
It's simply a showcase for actors trying to make it somehow by presuming they can overdo it and people will notice.
McCarthy has no comedic skills, and the film more than adequately proves it.
Falls so awfully flat.
There's a really good film in here kicking and screaming (and bleeding) to get out.

@highlight

The laugh-free Dirty Love is a comedy dead zone -- it's aggressively crude and shoddily constructed.