It's a meditation on individualism and poetry; the power of image to remind and exorcise; the ruthless zeal of revolution; the endurance of memory and family, and the human will to survive.
... a miraculous method to represent the unrepresentable.
Granted, this is hardly the jolliest way to see in the new year but it functions as an educational tool.
[It] might be one man's version, but it's been given shape. Others can now watch, remember, agree, and disagree about these four years the world can never get back.
An act of personal and cultural recovery, an exorcism of evil through art and a 'never forget' memoir of survival that reminds us that the past century has been a parade of holocaust.
Panh fulfills his debts to the dead not just by adding to the visual record of genocide, but also by creating a transcendent work of art.
he Missing Picture is a fascinating and vital film of a history that too often remains a footnote or a death toll in the margin.
These battered, scratched pieces of film are eloquent testimony for the terrible offences that happened.
With very little actual footage from the social-experiment-gone-mad to chronicle the widespread abuses, Panh magically enlists the extraordinary skills of a clay sculptor to re-create the miserable scenes that are forever etched in his memory.
Both great cinema and important journalism, a rare and privileged combination.
Filmmaker Rithy Pahn, a survivor of the hellish Pol Pot regime, has dedicated himself to documenting it with innovative techniques to recreate the missing history of his murdered family, and of a nation.
The Missing Picture is a haunting and sobering documentary that not only mesmerises with its narrative but also impresses with its collage of techniques that merge seamlessly to give us something truly unique on screen.
It was an act of utter destruction, a people not just killed but their entire culture erased. Panh's poignant and innovative documentary is an act of creation, remaking the forgotten Cambodia, one clay figure at a time.
Rithy Panh turns a potential gimmick into a profound, inspiring film. Then, in expanding his scope to the propaganda machine of that regime, he reaches straight into the heart of evil and finds cinema.
Cambodia's first-ever nominee for best foreign-language film is part-documentary, part-memoir, and impossible to forget or ignore.
In narration that is poetic and historically astute, Panh layers his own memoir atop his nation's.
Dioramas of Cambodia's Killing Fields
Though difficult at times to watch, it bears potent and personal witness to an era that, like all such tragedies, should never be forgotten.
Rithy Panh's cinema is an exemplary case of the imperative to bear witness.
A juxtaposition of horror and beauty that's a must-see.
A melancholy tone poem, a remembrance of what Cambodia lost.
Many films have examined from many vantages the Khmer Rouge's nightmare reign, notably Roland Joffé's 1985 Oscar winner The Killing Fields.
Devastating.
As haunting as it is haunted, "The Missing Picture" leaves viewers' heads rattling with ghosts.
A uniquely subjective account of the Cambodian genocide of the 1970s, "The Missing Picture" is the work of Rithy Panh, a Cambodian native who left his homeland when he was an adolescent.
[It] aspires to a poetry about barbarism that will not let us forget.
Creatively relives Cambodian holocaust and surmounts the storytelling problem intrinsic to retelling horrors. . . in 1st-person narration with unusual visual illustration.
Rithy Panh tells his story with the events recreated, with his many clay figures and settings, from his memories of the atrocities as a boy.
In Panh's deft hands, the film becomes not just a recreation of a reality long gone, but an indication of ever-present melancholia for an entire people.
The result is a stunning mediation on loss and memory, with no shortage of anger to boost the narrative.
What remains disturbing and puzzling is the realisation that somewhere along the line the real and the false change places, and that Panh is able to move us more deeply with his dioramas than by telling the same atrocious story in a straightforward way.
The film captures how Pol Pot took Mao's Great Leap Forward to new levels of Marxist madness.
Panh uses the props and eerie clips from Khmer Rouge propaganda newsreels to tell about his family, and his country. Along with starkly poetic narration, read by Randal Douc, the effect is devastating, without a single scene of actual bloodshed.
These miniatures magnify their subjects, and ennoble them. The picture is anguishing to see, but it isn't missing anymore.
Panh believes that those who survive such oppression are obligated to speak about it - and this chronicle is impossible not to watch.
A survivor's story,a political statement and an eloquent meditation on images and memory. The miniatures and the film are exquisite works of art infused with living memory
This is a first-person account of astonishing suffering, yet the experience of watching "The Missing Picture" is not punishing.
Panh blends documentary, personal memoir and eccentric artistic experiment ...
It joins films like 'The Act of Killing' and 'Manakamana,' which find ingenious ways to get around both a lack of traditional documentary material and certain tropes (talking heads, dry exposition) that have soured into unimaginative cliches.
[The Missing Picture] carries with it such a burden of personal and collective pain, and bears reliable witness to such a huge historical crime, that I'm almost ashamed to add that it's inventive, imaginative, beautiful and at times even charming.
As an examination of memory and experience and how they shape us, "The Missing Picture" is meaningful beyond its specific subject matter.
The audacity of "The Missing Picture" - a brilliant documentary about a child who held on to life in Cambodia's killing fields - is equaled only by its soulfulness.
A haunting and personal work of beauty and a testament to one man's refusal to accept oblivion.
Writer-director-coeditor Rithy Panh's 'The Missing Picturs/L'image manquante' is unusual in its documentary recreation method and, beyond the medium of film, in its theme.
Obviously based on Panh's autobiography, this is a reminder of obliteration and how cinema can claim memory, history.
The Missing Picture is so immediate, so vital, it practically breathes. Not all memoirs need to exist. But the gentle urgency of Panh's story is right there in the filmmaking.
The conceit is tremendously daring, but one with a huge payoff, suggesting an evil that can't be fully processed by young eyes.
The Missing Picture isn't a straightforward piece of storytelling, but more of a meditation on what happened [...] whenever the narration threatens to drift off into the ether, the figurines and models ultimately keep it on terra firma.
With their elemental poses, the rough clay figurines serve as abstractions for the Khmer Rouge victims...they show what archival footage cannot- senseless violence and death in a world without any form of culture, in which normality has been upended.
Panh honors the Khmer Rouge's victims while staging the agony and responsibility of memory itself.
Little clay figures, mouths agape, arms raised, crying in pain, dying of starvation ... each little figure drawing us in with their silence and their stillness like great actors
The Missing Picture invites uncomfortable reflections. Modest in scale, simple in conception, it is a great film - certainly a great little film - and many viewers will be moved to tears.
With sober eloquence, the filmmaker lays out the arrival of the Khmer Rouge, the philosophy used to justify their crimes, and the slow slipping away of his family, each member claimed by this horrible social experiment.
A blend of documentary and memoir that's like a dream and a nightmare, though it's more commendable than actually engaging.
It is ingenious, poignant and resonant, if lacking in narrative momentum.
A história é antiga: mudam os opressores; os oprimidos, porém, são sempre os mesmos.
Mainly, though, what the film elicits is horror, all the more pointed for existing in the juxtaposition of these childlike representations and the actual events they stand for.
Panh's remarkable new documentary works as a survivor's testament, a film about memory and loss -- and as a self-reflexive essay asking how atrocities should be depicted on screen.
The task of chronicling the unimaginable is handled with great care in The Missing Picture, an affecting documentary about the brutality of Cambodian strongman Pol Pot's reign.
The tale, which would be unwatchable in unexpurgated reality, is told instead with carved clay figurines, doll's house-sized stage sets and archive footage of Pol Pot's bloody and brutal takeover in 1975.
The result is at once limited and brutally effective in communicating the emotional stasis of memory and the dehumanisation that comes from the ruthless enforcement of pure ideology.
With his poignant, insightful narration read in French by Randal Douc, Panh tells of his vibrant life before 1975 and increasingly grim existence after that.
I could say the movie requires some patience, but in fact it commands patience with its humbling tale of a boy being cruelly torn from one life and forced into another one of extreme privation.
The film is a brave act of witness complicated by the documaker's decision to re-create his experiences using clay figurines, a tricky aesthetic device that raises fascinating and problematic questions of representation.
There are, it seems, no visual testimonies remaining, a major problem for any documentary trying to cover to present the full horror of this period.
A sobering, ultimately numbing peek into the living hell of 1970s Cambodia.
simply one of the finest documentaries I have ever seen ... This is an important, vital piece of filmmaking, and one that takes the artform to a new and altogether fascinating place.
The best film about atrocity, memory, national trauma and primeval dirt since Patricio Guzmán's Nostalgia For The Light
So nakedly personal and so honeycombed with open-ended questions that it amounts to a bewitching form of self-therapy.
Both infuriating and haunting, The Missing Picture leaves us desperate for other testimonies. Panh's vision is so tantalisingly incomplete.
The Missing Picture has an element of Godardian reflection: the "missing picture" is the definitive image of truth for which he is searching.
It is like The Magic Roundabout gone nightmarish, gone infernal.
Recounting a personal story of the horrors of Pol Pot's Killing Fields in 1970s Cambodia, filmmaker Rithy Panh finds inventive ways to convey his emotions.
Panh's daring aestheticisation works, transcending the normal genre boundaries confining both personal and political histories.
The Missing Picture is a unique documentary that poignantly tells a harrowing account of life under Pol Pot's dictatorship, but it lacks essential structure and visual magnetism, making it feel as if its running time is much longer than 92 minutes.
It digs into the very soil of the killing fields to give hand-sculpted form to its vanished past.
Panh's commentary - spoken in French by Randal Douc - searingly sets the context.
Powerful and mesmerising, this offers an fresh approach to a tough topic.
This isn't just another arthouse film, but a powerful testament to incredible human resilience
You'll leave this film of clay with a healthy hatred of ideology, and that will make you feel more alive.
A story almost too terrible to believe told with the help of rare archival footage and claymation figures.
"The Missing Picture" is personal and unexpected, a documentary that mixes media in an unusual way to very potent effect.
The abstract approach both disallows the possibility of overstatement and implicitly underscores the full emotional weight of these horrific events.
It contextualizes cinema not only as a form of magic (capable of transformative, elated power), but also of revolution.

@highlight

Thrillingly unorthodox and emotionally searing without being didactic, The Missing Picture is a uniquely poignant documentary -- and so much more.