Cobbled-together fantasy about a dad who can "read" characters in and out of books.
Kind of a NeverEnding Story-lite, Inkheart never makes full use of its strengths. The ideas about reality and fiction have already been explored better elsewhere, even in light family films.
Brendan Fraser's boyish face usually oozes charisma, but here he just looks plain bored. Which is kind of how the audience looked too.
If there's a problem for me with Inkheart, it is one of scope. This feels like it should be an epic movie, but it's not.
For all its problems, it's a sweet, clever work.
When you have to question every other scene and a ferret steals the show, you know you're in trouble.
As far as movies based on books about books go, it's anything but a pageturner.
Readers who want to exercise their imaginations may prefer to stick to the written word. If a story gets boring, you can always skip a few pages and move on. In the cinema there isn't much choice.
The message is so muddied by the film's dizzying changes in pitch and tone that a lot of young readers aren't going to know what to think.
Una aventura entretenida sobre todo para público adolescente, y para todo aquel que haya disfrutado alguna vez de un buen libro de fantasía.
Gaping plot holes aside, Inkheart is a lovely little film, aimed at the bookish among us, and peppered with a love of the literary.
It's a familiar tale, but one told with gusto, wit and visual flare...
A diverting excursion into fantasy gothic territory.
This adventure-fantasy film doesn't have the special effects depth of a Lord Of The Rings movie, nor the charm of the Harry Potter franchise, but it is still quite enjoyable.
Not ghastly, but not exhilarating either.
There's nothing terribly wrong with Inkheart but it just doesn't quite engage us,"
There's a shortage of magic in this adventure fantasy, and despite some good elements including its spectacular Italian settings and a solid cast, this adaptation about storybook characters prised from their world, is a bit of a blot
Kanones bebaia poy agnooyntai, prospernioyntai, lygizontai, i spane horis kamia egnoia, otan to apaitei i formoylaiki ploki gia na ftasei stin epomeni pista mias asymmazeyta asynartitis sto desimo tis plithorikis se ypoplokes kai deyteroys haraktires isto
This fantasy-lit film is too intense for young ones drawn to its books-come-to-life story and not sharp enough for Potter fans.
The main attractions are the Serious British Thespians cutting loose and having fun while still displaying convincing commitment to the fanciful material.
Last Action Hero for books. By proxy, it's also kind of The Purple Rose of Cairo for books, but it's not as good as either... It would really amuse me if it ended with the family deciding, after all this trouble, let's never read again.
Much less cringe-worthy, juvenile and bland than Bedtime Stories, it lacks the awe-inspiring thrills, brilliance and imagination that makes superior films like Harry Potter so exhilarating and unforgettable.
"...unconvincing characters and uncompelling action."
There are moments of absolute wonder to be had. Just not enough to make the film anything more than a painless misfire.
If you can ignore Fraser and his trademark lumpishness, Inkheart is imaginative and entertaining.
Meh.
The ending needs to soar like a winged monkey, and instead it flops around like a landed fish.
Inkheart has an engaging premise in its notion of a Silvertongue and a refreshing love of books.
This children's fantasy flirts with the dark side, though family values win out.
A fantasy film intended as an adventure flick that requires this disclaimer: Do not operate heavy machinery after viewing.
Brendan Fraser needs to make a serious movie and get his career back in gear.
Any grown-ups deputized to accompany kids to this picture should find the usual watch-checking squirm factor to be surprisingly minimal.
I understand this is the first offering in an 'Inkheart' trilogy. If so, color me hooked.
Movies like 'Inkheart' are one of the reasons I list fantasies as one of my least favorite genres.
Chaotic, wildly unevern kids' fluff.
This folklore-filled children's story about the love of literature is disappointing because of its poor execution.
...an agreeable fantasy epic that's generally elevated by the strength of the various performances...
Tween-targeted fantasy adaptation is no Harry Potter.
The movie has no personality. It flops from scene to scene and crisis to crisis with no passion, no intensity and%u2014worse%u2014no fun.
Absolutely adorable and enormously entertaining.
A whimsical, exciting and entertaining family flick.
For the effects spectacle, the film works to a degree, but the vast majority of the humdrum plot might leave more kids asleep rather than engaged.
Inkheart finds Brendan Fraser getting out-acted by flying monkeys and Toto the dog.
Parental Content Review
The aesthetics of Inkheart are part of what make it such a surprisingly enjoyable experience to watch.
[Has] plenty of thrills, a smart although oft-confusing script, delightful scenery-chewing scenes from stalwarts like Helen Mirren, Jim Broadbent and Andy Serkis, and a gorgeous high-concept visual style.
Keep your expectations reasonable, and you'll have fun.
Seemingly intended as a celebration of the power of books, it's an occasionally incoherent, sleep-inducing picture that reduces narrative to mere mechanics.
Over and over again, characters in Inkheart wax eloquent on the power of books. But there's nothing in the movie as haunting or as compelling as the sound they make when they speak for themselves.
Even though Brendan Fraser might be one of the worst actors out there, his co-stars and a clever script keep this movie alive and entertaining.
A few of the creatures, as well as one startling moment, might unsettle little ones in the audience. But the greater danger is that they'll fall asleep.
Inkheart takes a great idea and then refuses to do much with that idea -- including, I'm afraid, explaining it clearly to the audience.
A flea market of fairy tales and hocus-pocus, Inkheart makes as much sense as an inkblot.
The overqualified cast gives its all, but logical lapses and sober-sided direction siphon off the fun.
The movie never achieves the sort of transporting fantasy that formed the backbone of the novel: The limitless potential for adventure and excitement that books provide, given physical form when transplanted into our reality.
Despite strong production values and a cast of heavy hitters, Inkheart never hooks us as it should.
Taken far too literally from the best-selling trilogy by Cornelia Funke, Inkheart is a passable, but prosaic and remarkably humourless kidflick that all but sucks the magic out of fairy tales by rendering the characters ordinary.
The film's storybook Alpine vistas are lovely to behold, and bits of humor pop out in welcome moments. Other than that, it never quite springs to life as intended -- not in your kitchen, and not on screen.
As an adventure flick, Inkheart is not all that adventurous. It goes to places and falls on tropes that many fantasy films -- most notably but not exclusively the Lord of the Rings trilogy -- have covered.
Even if it can't quite conjure up the movie magic it intends, Inkheart does serve as public service announcement promoting literacy. And as such, your kids could do a lot worse at the cineplex.
Much of this comes across as a labor of love, with a classy cast frolicking in Iain Softley's whimsical direction of a lushly imagined adaptation by David Lindsay-Abaire.
It's handsomely mounted, with supporting turns by Helen Mirren as the girl's flinty aunt and Jim Broadbent as the author of the book that caused so much fuss.
Inkheart illustrates an obvious problem with making a movie about the joys of reading when the movie made is labored and sludgy looking: Why bother seeing it if you can stay home and read a book instead?
Cold, bland and gimmicky.
Inkheart is a fantastic read, and I wasn't expecting the film to live up to it at all. Much simpler than the book, the film is still a pretty fantastic ride. The story is changed around a bit but the main characters are there, exactly as you remember them
For a movie about the power of books and stories, it's a bit ironic that Inkheart is itself so poorly thought through.
Better an adventure movie for families that (however paradoxically) extols the value and wonder of books than yet another movie that celebrates violent revenge or asinine behavior.
Instead, much like a forgotten piece of pulp fiction, this film evaporates instantly from memory, the book closing on this one's chances of success long before they even have a chance to begin.
Another fantasy adventure story based on a bestselling book that turns out to be a dud.
Inkheart was a busy, crowded, hugely successful book to start with....the film version retains nearly all of author Cornelia Funke's story complications. It's a mixed bag and a serious load for a movie to carry.
Inkheart gets a pass for making books seem cool (if scary): if only it could have done the same for movies.
The concept of 'Inkheart' is worthy but the execution leaves viewers' heads caught in the library and their feet in the cineplex.
It's an interesting idea, but instead of imagining an equally clever conclusion, the film eventually collapses into a series of chases and fights with a big Raiders of the Lost Ark-style special effects blowout ending.
A movie that can produce the image of Helen Mirren astride a unicorn has some claim on the audience's interest, and a movie that can make that image seem perfectly uninteresting is in some serious trouble.
Brendan Frasier's Mo may be able to conjure magic, but the same can't be said for this film.
Its countless missteps earn nothing but scorn even as its wonderful intentions make us ashamed to voice them.
It's not that Inkheart is horrible or stupid or has something about it that scars you so badly and deeply you will never want to go to the movies again. It's just not special.
Beautiful cinematography, good direction, solid supporting actors, interestingly enough story, despite its predictability, but the main character was absent.
Despite its interest in creative expression, Inkheart's hurried pace, shorthand characterizations and regularly scheduled set-pieces obliterate all but the faintest traces of lucid thought.
The story shimmers with imaginative details.
... focused on giving the film a palpable threat of potentially fatal consequences and the characters an emotional foundation.
purposefully confusing and, on occasion, downright indefensible
Bettany's wonderful performance is as compelling as the movie itself is lackluster and downright dull.
Despite his name, [director] Softley plays it with a heavy hand, distracting viewers with lots of action, hideous makeup and garish costumes, but the effect is more perplexing than enlightening.
Plot holes notwithstanding, Inkheart is a well-timed and well-made family film that seems too good for the traditional January dumping grounds.
While the story proves the pen is mightier than the sword, this flaccid adaptation proves the book is mightier than the film.
Inkheart is a valentine to books mainly by negative example -- the leaps of imagination it doesn't achieve.
A kids' adventure movie can be a lot of things -- wild and woolly, loosey-goosey, full of foolishness -- but they should never be shabby. And that's the best word for Inkheart.
Inkheart may not be rotten to the core -- instead of maggots, the fantasy adventure seethes with good intentions -- but the overripeness of its special effects can't be overstated.
Much is made of the magic of literature in Inkheart, but the joys of losing yourself in reading are undermined by the movie's barrage of special effects and a convoluted plot.
Making a movie about the magic to be found in reading books, is a little like General Motors singing the praises of riding a bike instead.
A brisk and engaging adventure for kids who love books as well as for those who don't.
Inkheart was shot in and around Liguria on the Italian Riviera, and it looks absolutely ravishing. But the most resonant and, frankly, wonderful aspect of the film is its unabashed love for books and the wonders to be found within.
The story is a whirl, a jumble, an effusion -- sometimes flowing smoothly, other times jerking along as if the filmmaker has been given advice he resents regarding pacing and the balance of sweetness and danger.
Take some bits from "Harry Potter" and "Arabian Nights," loads from "The Wizard of Oz" and mix with an original story that we never even get to hear and you get the torturously tedious "Inkheart."
there is nothing that resembles fun anywhere. No sense of emotional involvement by anyone on screen, and certainly no breathtaking and/or lurking sense of doom
We leave doubly convinced that words are better left squat, inert, and black on the page
Inkheart won't make people forget Princess Bride, but it may give them pleasant flashbacks while it rollicks through its own bookish adventures.
The finished product teases, but does not fulfill, with what could have been. Having seen Inkheart only days ago, its details have already begun to fade from memory. Great literature and cinema is not this easily forgotten.
[U]nquestionably for children, but unlike many children's movies, it does not assume kids are stupid or will respond only to toilet humor or slapstick...
Similar to the movie adaptation of Philip Pullman's The Golden Compass (Knopf, 1996), the filmmakers shoehorn most of the book's plot into a small amount of time, leaving little room for character development or nuanced acting.
Inkheart feels as though it has been pulled apart and put back together several times over, leading to a viewing experience that's equal parts bewilderment and tedium.
Entertaining enough for young teens, but a little more thought could have made it appealing to adults as well.
No child seeing Inkheart will ever want to be read to again.
Inkheart is entertaining enough, if not always easy to follow. And if it does nothing else, at least it may inspire kids to read, if for no other reason than to help make sense of it all.
A literary fantasy with a charm deficit.
A visually overstuffed but emotionally undernourished piece of whimsy...yet another big, overblown fantasy movie that never takes flight.
There's nothing terrible or offensive about Inkheart, but until a hero decides to read letters from Penthouse Forum, let's can it with the 'things coming alive' stuff.
Doesn't fill us with a sufficient sense of awe for the spectacular visual concepts that we've come to expect in big-scale movie fantasy.
This shrill, moronic and often ugly family adventure feels cobbled together from spare parts, with a script that can't even be bothered to follow its own rules or internal logic.
Whimsy shouldn't be overwhelming.
While we can appreciate the decent effects, the bang-up settings and a good cast, we can only hope they got some sight-seeing in on their days off. Whatever magic there was on this shoot is probably in their home movies.
It's the limitations of the film when considering the nearly limitless possibilities suggested by the premise that make Inkheart a disappointment.
The real problem with Inkheart isn't that it's badly made but that it simply shouldn't have been made at all.
Winged monkeys and a minotaur you don't get a good look at make up some of the mediocre special effects in an unsatisfying kid's movie.
It all smacks of that overdone 'passion for literature' common in English teachers who send any healthy-minded kid running from books.
Inkheart is a case of a good children's tale assigned to the wrong director, Iain Softley, who's unable to bring the magic of the German best-selling novel to the screen.
Whatever made the German novel Inkheart by Cornelia Funke so popular that it got translated into 37 languages is nowhere in evidence in its film version.
Enjoyable fantasy adventure in which the strong cast, likeable characters and impressive special effects provide just enough distraction for you to ignore the plot holes.
Bit by bit, Inkheart gets backed into a very moribund soundstage finale with loose ends either rapidly wrapped or abandoned entirely.
This quaint but clumsy adaptation muddles along with increasingly plot-holed confusion like some loveable rambling old nan who's been at the brandy.
Filled with the prerequisites of talking animals, an appealing young heroine and some heinous villains, all the ingredients are there, although an overly complex plot makes for an altogether middling experience.
Magical, if messy - this gets by on a good heart, high adventure and an unashamed love for books.
It's a familiar tale, but one told with gusto, wit and visual flare.
A convoluted story but otherwise this is solid fantasy fare, nicely performed and handsomely made.
Inkheart shows why books are wonderful yet dangerous places; how a well-told story unlocks the imagination; and how words unleash the most unpredictable emotions.
CGI fantasy adventures in the post-Potter, young-adult, old-child mode are not quite my taste, but this one is likably boisterous, and Iain Softley directs with flair.
Inkheart is cheerful and amiable, and in the absence of a Harry Potter film this winter, it fills a gap neatly.
Gamely played and impressively filmed (in the Liguria area of Italy), it's good, Saturday matinee-type fun. If it were a book...you couldn't put it down. Word up.
Inkheart the novel is intended to be the first of a trilogy, but - like The Golden Compass, but even more so - it falls well short of convincing me that the next two films would be a worthwhile investment, financially or emotionally.
There is loads of action and an amusing turn from Helen Mirren as Meggie's aunt. Most important, Inkheart performs the trick of encouraging our kids to love both books and films.
Adapted from the best-selling novel by Cornelia Funke, this makes a splashy fuss about "the magic of books", and yet undermines our imaginative instincts by monstering the screen with special effects.
This is one of those adaptations that tries to keep you watching with its sheer busyness. At times, though, you just want it to stop and catch breath with the aid of some rather better lines and deeper characterisations.
The film's message that books are the doorway to learning and adventure is not overplayed even if the pic cheats a bit at the end for a tidy denouement.
A brisk, overstuffed adaptation of Cornelia Funke's international bestseller.








@highlight

Heavy on cliches and light on charm, this kid-lit fantasy-adventure doesn't quite get off the ground.