If you've ever been lost at night on a road you've never seen before, you'll probably get a kick out of In Fear.
In Fear was made for next to nothing but that is not always a virtue. After an adequate start its storyline goes precisely nowhere.
A lost-in-the-woods horror predominantly set within a car's claustrophobic confines, this is certainly one of the better films of late to play with fear of the dark.
Sometimes the most effective horror films come with the simplest premise and this is certainly the case with Jeremy Lovering's In Fear.
In Fear finally feels disappointingly conventional, losing faith in its primitive method.
In Fear is a slickly made, impressively pared-down horror/thriller but is too abstract for its own good - it is hard to feel any great emotional identification (or fear) for characters who so sketchily written.
With limited resources [Jeremy Lovering] has created a disturbingly tense and chilling scenario we can all identify with.
This debut feature from TV veteran Jeremy Lovering (Sherlock) has a familiar premise, but uses it to create a good deal of tension and, indeed, fear.
It's nicely constructed, with a cloying atmosphere of ever-increasing dread as darkness and torrential rain begin to fall.
For the most part In Fear, largely improvised with the two leads only broadly aware of the general direction of the story, is a quiet triumph.
For all the intense, arm-gripping fun, an all-too-familiar denouement means that, much like their car, it runs out of gas late on.
... young couple takes a very wrong turn. UK helmer Lovering tightens the screws the old-fashioned way, through atmosphere and suggestion ... (It) possesses a bleakly funny Pinter-esque quality.
More coherent writing could have helped. That, or a direct line to the Auto Club.
A masterful example of lean 'n' mean outdoor nightmare-making that resonates with the same power of Wolf Creek, but without all the torture and gore.
The actors didn't know exactly where the script was going, but their improvised dialogue moves authentically from teasing to discomfort to light jokes about something deeper.
Sometimes, a horror film needs nothing more than the right cast, the right setting, and an elegantly streamlined story to effectively induce dread. Such is the case with In Fear.
Despite falling into a couple inevitable conventions of the genre... In Fear's deranged ambiguity and quiet madness make for a terrifying viewing experience.
This could have worked as a contained horror flick, but when you're sitting there shaking your head over and over at the characters' inexplicable actions, there's very little chance that you're going to sympathize with them or get engaged in their plight.
"In Fear" is an oft-frightening film that stays with you. One of the most accomplished genre offerings of the last few years, it is a must for horror fans and suspense enthusiasts.
There are traces of films such as The Hitcher, House of 1000 Corpses, Joy Ride, and Hush wrapped up in the DNA of In Fear, but unfortunately that DNA is more of a clone than its own identity.
Genuinely scary and suspenseful because it leaves room for imagination and doesn't rely on gore or use a "found footage" device.
"In Fear" takes a small task and a hooky premise and runs with them, providing some good jolts over the course of its barely-90-minute length.
Rarely have so few commonplace ingredients produced so many uncommon chills.
A wicked little horror film in which nearly all of the violence takes place in your head, "In Fear" expertly builds terror out of not much more than two people driving around in a car.
We never know Lucy and Tom enough to care about their survival.
Lovering keeps "In Fear" visually absorbing through unsettling close-ups and a well-paced series of scares.
Imagine Funny Games (either version) without the meta-movie aspect. Even those annoyed by Michael Haneke's hectoring in those pictures must admit that there wouldn't be much left but random, pointless sadism without it.
Logic is a torch we can use to fight our fears. If it flickers only dimly here, perhaps that's by design.
As an exercise in stomach-knotting, In Fear is mildly successful [...] All the pieces are in place for a gripping indie horror flick, but [the] film just goes around in circles.
In Fear lets its increasingly rattled characters stew for as long as possible before gradually revealing its hand, improvisation adding to the credibility of the couple's unravelling behaviour.
It's one of the year's best horror movies, full stop.
A smart, disturbing exercise in anxiety.
Runs in circles of queasy inspiration for a good hour. Then follows the not-so-good half hour.
Claustrophobic and creepy, this experiment in contained horror has its moments as just three characters circle around each other.
Spiky, semi-improvised Brit horror singles out director Jeremy Lovering as one to keep a beady eye on.
Reminiscent of classic era John Carpenter, this is British horror at its ruthless, rural best.
Both young actors seem even more promising after the movie than they did before it. Neither was given the full script or knew the story's outcome.
Lovering skilfully creates a potent atmosphere of surreal dread, brilliantly supported by Roly Porter and Daniel Pemberton's excellent soundtrack.
Most writer-directors don't know how to start a film like this, let alone finish it, and as a portrait of two people hopelessly lost and horribly scared it's a haunting watch.
Grips like a 4x4, even as the escalating tension threatens to spin out of control.
There are a few decent jolts en route before it runs out of gas and ideas.
It may be contrived and nothing new plot-wise, but In Fear has atmosphere and enough proper scares to deliver on the promise of its title.
A taut, chilling little horror-thriller making maximum use of minimal resources to tap into our primal fears of the unknown. Plus shredded-nerve turns from an (evidently) adaptable cast.
Crisp camerawork and amplified sound yield paranoia aplenty in this sharp-looking Sundance midnight movie, making it hard to imagine another director getting anywhere near this much mileage out of three actors and a car.
A compact, effective thriller set in way-rural Ireland, Jeremy Lovering's In Fear makes the most of three actors, a car and a network of narrow roads winding through the woods.
"In Fear" is simple and sparse enough to be declared a throwback, though it's not particularly academic or even particularly clever: I do know that it scared the living shit out of me, and sometimes it's best not to look too closely into why.
This is a great film to watch curled up with a date on a dark and stormy night. One thing's for sure- you won't be eager to go on any road trips right after.
Jeremy Lovering's chilling and gripping feature debut is an old-fashioned white-knuckle horror-thriller that revels in its sense of unsettling claustrophobic style as it tackles that primal fear of what might be lurking in the deep, deep, dark.
Stylishly shot and almost unbearably tense, this is an atmospheric and genuinely scary British chiller with a superb script and a pair of excellent performances from Englert and De Caestecker.
An iteration of the urban nightmare.
In Fear is very much a must-see movie of the year for fans of the genre.
Lovering has crafted an old-fashioned thriller for those who like to be gripped without gore and which offers enough surprise and inventiveness to suggest that he has a career beckoning beyond the confines of television.

@highlight

Compact and effective, In Fear offers discerning horror fans a smart and disturbing plunge into the depths of cinematic anxiety.