... Enron: the smartest guys in the room pinpoints a moment when corporate morality was shredded like so many tonnes of incriminating documents in a big business run by small, small men.
This essential documentary skillfully maps out the shady "mark to market" accounting device that the men who called themselves "the smartest guys in the room" used to commit corporate fraud on a colossal scale.
Audiences jeered and shouted at the screen in outrage. It has that kind of impact, without resorting to any of Michael Moore's below-the-belt tactics.
A fun and demoralizing roller-coaster ride that will whet appetites for the Lay and Skilling debut in court as The Most Nervous Guys in the Room.
goes a long way to explain exactly why Enron imploded
Fascinante do início ao fim, expõe o caso Enron e todas as suas complexas implicações de maneira didática e bem-humorada, funcionando, ainda, como um fantástico estudo sobre a natureza humana.
The Emperor Has No Energy
An expose on how greed, pride, and self-preservation instincts goad ambitious people to the outer capacities of deception and immoral behavior.
Powerful on many levels at once, Enron couldn't be more necessary as we wade into the muck of a second Bush term.
Enron... is a film of tragic proportions; it sheds light on the venal humanity that led to more than a giant corporate fall - a human tragedy.
The mordant documentary Enron: The Smartest Guys in the Room cleverly deconstructs the men who reminded us of the dark side of the American dream.
Boils it down and tells the story in clear terms, but make no mistake: It's still a complex issue.
OK, I admit it. I didn't get the whole Enron thing a few years back.
At the end of it all, the audience feels exhilarated and outraged, and you bet we're concerned that it could happen again.
... capitalism in the hands of "greed is good" Gordon Gekko wanna-bes could potentially bring down our nation.
Alex Gibney takes a notorious tale of corporate greed and plays it as Greek tragedy, Texas-style.
Digs deeper into the corporate fraud at the top of Enron, and the company's close ties to the White House.
Probing documentary about the unethical Enron corporation.
Deft, entertaining and infuriating documentary about one of the most egregious cases of corporate corruption in American history.
This documentary is the most skillful, exhaustive and appealing film so far this century about corporate corruption.
...it leaves viewers with a clearer understanding of the issues involved in a story too complicated to sum up in a TV newscast.
...a couple of Nietzschean supermen who as, respectively, chairman of the board and chief executive officer ... may have run the biggest Ponzi scheme in history.
A meticulously researched and ably handled chronicle of one of the largest corporate scandals in American history.
It's sobering to realize that the mechanics of their monetary lives' destruction makes for invigorating entertainment.
The pity of a movie like this one is that the people most in need of seeing it are the very people who won't.
Entertaining but biased, epitomizing the truism that history is not made by those who do the acts, but by those who write the story.
More fun that being "shredded" by Arther Andersen!
As one of the many talking heads says, the story of Enron 'is not just a story of numbers. It's a human story and a human tragedy.'
This thorough and thoroughly depressing account of the biggest corporate bankruptcy in history, and the rip-off that accompanied it, is so infuriating and dispiriting that your blood will boil, if not properly watered down.
Enron swindlers gave phantom companies such names as 'Jedi' and 'Death Star'; clearly, hubris of Darth Vaderesque proportions was at work here.
Without presenting the human effects on a personal level, it's too much of an instructional tool -- more a comprehensive overview than a felt exploration.
While Smartest Guys sometimes veers into C-Span2: The Movie territory, just then another shocking tidbit will drop to keep the fires stoked.
Besides its essential historical importance, the film is filled with telling, chilling, gripping details.
Martha Stewart is a scout leader and role model in the company of the ravenous ghouls who ran this corporation into a swamp of deceit.
so important it should be grouped together with movies like Fahrenheit 9/11 and Control Room.
Gibney leaves us with a sense that the whole thing is like organized crime. No, wait: these Enron guys were even worse than the mafia.
Decodes the Enron scandal, ties it in with California energy crisis.
...the film succeeds most clearly by emphasizing the human resonance in such a story.
Room does a thorough (and entertaining) job of detailing Enron's arrogant, Darwinian corporate style.
If you're already cynical about the ability of grassroots democracy to survive in our era of turbo-capitalism, this film will only fuel your doubts.
The case Gibney lays out - of how arrogance, machismo and reckless capitalism drove a company to the top and back down - is compelling, aggravating and fascinating to watch.
Even news junkies and former Enron employees might be startled by some of the corporate revelations that fill the screen.
A primer on corporate malfeasance for dummies, clarifying the statistical thicket through illustration and mindful of Deep Throat's advice during Watergate to always follow the money.
It's not an indictment, so much. It's more like a mirror.
At times comes off as a bit too smart itself, almost smug in its often jokey post-mortem of the company's excesses, but on the whole it acquits itself remarkably well.
Alex Gibney's film, based on the book by Bethany McLean and Peter Elkind, feels rushed, slight and ultimately inconclusive.
The movie helps the average American understand the nature of the shell games perpetuated by Enron and how 'synergistic corruptions' can corrupt absolutely.
Go. See. Ponder this American phenomenon and how we can ensure it never happens again.
The great strength of the film is its conclusion that this is not a story about numbers; it is a story about people.
Doesn't require an interest in business affairs to be captivating. It unfolds like a Wall St. disaster movie with two eminently hissable villains presiding over the catastrophe.
Gibney's documentary is ultimately not about business and numbers but about morality; how a group of people, blinded by money, lost their souls.
It's a true story, one that lays bare the folly, maniacal selfishness and sheer chutzpah that resulted in the bankruptcy of America's seventh-largest corporation and the ruining of thousands of lives.
Alex Gibney's documentary is a concise examination of the Enron affair that's poised between straight journalism and outright satire. When it's over you will be so mad you can't see straight.
A surprisingly entertaining look at the sucking black hole of corporate morality in America.
Go see it before you buy another stock you don't understand. Go see it before you bank your retirement on the company pension fund. Go see it before you vote in another election.
Working in a slick, high-gloss style, director Alex Gibney presents the lurid Enron essentials in a film that will have you shaking your head in disbelief and dismay.
It puts the whole mess in focus and will likely have you stomping about afterward in righteous indignation at the crimes perpetrated on us -- particularly Californians -- by the corporate swindlers at Enron.
There will be lots of seething at the sight of it all, but there are enough good laughs to make the experience more than worthwhile.
As compelling a refresher course as one could hope for.
Gibney has been able to get his hands on the right materials, and he assembles the right talking heads to string the story together.
Compelling, if somewhat belabored.
Funny, frightening gut-puncher.
Allow yourself the pleasure of being thoroughly entertained while being equally outraged by this movie.
Will likely make you mad as hell.
Both thorough and supremely entertaining.
It's a chilling, completely fascinating documentary that reveals the face of unregulated greed in a way that's every bit as terrifying as Lon Chaney's unmasking in The Phantom of the Opera. Maybe more so, because everything here is true.
Gibney's research is impressive, as is his ability to clarify a complex bit of shady business into something (semi) comprehensible to those who don't know a day trader from a daytripper.
No matter what your politics, Enron: The Smartest Guys in the Room will make you mad.
A thorough, insightful, easy-to-grasp and subtly enraging documentary on the subject.
Go see Enron: The Smartest Guys in the Room and learn how to get righteously angry again.
My audience grumbled, hissed, clapped, and booed. ...it defies you not to become emotionally involved; by the end you feel as drained as an Enron janitor's 401(k).
[A] fiercely intelligent, terrifying and absurdly funny documentary.
It's a story of jaw-dropping chutzpah, grim, mostly hindsight-based humor and more stomach-churning drama than you could find in 10 screenplays.
Americans love a good villain, and in Enron chairman Kenneth Lay, former CEO Jeffrey Skilling and CFO Andrew Fastow, the movie provides a perfect storm of scoundrels.
You might expect this film to be mildly informative; coming out you'll feel you've seen the horror movie of the year.
Enron quickly settles down, cogently laying out how Ken Lay and other hot-dogging big shots sank the seventh-largest corporation in America.
The movie does more than entertain and enlighten you. At the end, you also realize you've been watching a classic American tale, one that we can only hope will never be repeated -- though it well might be.
An entertaining look at an extremely easy target.
...almost continuously entertaining and frequently funny...
Exploring the darker side of human behavior is compelling and entertaining, leaving in its wake an acute sense of moral outrage.
With all its inherent drama, Enron: The Smartest Guys in the Room seems ripe for feature film treatment.
Intriguing and infuriating: a civics and ethics lesson for every American citizen.
condenses years of information into one neat, well-told package
The documentary cannot be called muckraking, as the muck has already been well-raked, but Gibney's recounting has a touch of playful sadism that I quite enjoyed.
While muckraking documentary filmmaker Alex Gibney's ripping, fast-paced documentary doesn't illuminate every shadowy corner of the Enron labyrinth (how could it?), it does give an entertaining overview.
Lex Luthor would have been right at home in Enron.
[Gibney] tells a complex story well, explaining how one once-obscure company ended up committing 'the corporate crime of the century.'
A thoroughly fascinating -- and horrifying -- documentary about the giant corporate house of cards that came crashing down on the heads of all the little people while the big guys cashed out for mega-millions, smirking all the way.
Before the financial fact findings become mind-numbing, [director]Gibney keeps the images flowing, even tossing in some T & A for good measure.
Alex Gibney's documentary based on the book is pretty much straight-ahead journalism
It's a gripping, frequently infuriating story of greed, hubris and 'creative' accounting that unfolds as a tragedy laced with scathing black comedy.
The story is fascinating, infuriating and even laugh-out-loud funny at times.
Taking an approach that owes more to Errol Morris than Michael Moore, Alex Gibney's film delivers a polished & well-researched look at America 's largest corporate bankruptcy.
Warning: This is not a film for liberals with high blood pressure.
Enron: The Smartest Guys in the Room is not only a great cautionary tale, it's a civics lesson that should be seen by every concerned citizen.
the most fascinating business story I have ever seen on film.
Gibney, however, is no Michael Moore -- he knows the difference between hard facts and circumstantial evidence, constructing very different arguments with each.
Alex Gibney's riveting documentary is a rape story, with the public trust as the victim.
This cinematic scrutiny of runaway corporate greed reveals the nightmarish rapaciousness of those who engineered the fraud.
This sober, informative chronicle of the biggest business scandal of the decade is almost indecently entertaining.
As real-life stories go, this is as riveting -- and as revealing about the dark side of American business -- as they come.
Amid the infoglut that surrounds us, Gibney's film feels too much like more noise.
Should be essential viewing.
An engrossing parable about power, greed, arrogance, and ethical malfeasance on a grand scale.
The Smartest Guys in the Room lays bare, in funny and shocking video clips, the culture of arrogance at Enron.
Light on new evidence but impressively comprehensive in scope.
Less corporate noir than capitalist disaster film.
In spite of the excessive TV feel, a great collection of information about a history-making bust and upper crust arrogance on an Olympian scale.
The picture it paints is scarier than anything offered by any of Hollywood's recycled gore-fests.
This is a brilliantly executed, brutally entertaining dissection of what one observer called the greatest corporate fraud in American history.
Could lead viewers to head to the Marxist websites as a metaphoric hot shower.
...put together in a way that covers every single part of the episode in an unbiased, no holds barred, totally professional fashion...
Even beyond its failure as absorbing film or clarification, lies the waste of a wonderful tale just begging to be told...
By turns amazing, amusing and appalling.






@highlight

A concise, entertaining documentary about the spectacular failure of Enron.