... Wild Tales is an experience... [Full review in Spanish]
[Director Damián] Szifron exhibits the resentment that is generated by the accumulation of frustrations, the anger that arises in response to the abuse of power... [Full review in Spanish]
The film absorbs us from the start... [Full review in Spanish]
... even the more successful bits exhibit the kind of myopia that renders so many short films into mere one-liners.
The best segments ... are little masterpieces of escalation with satisfying climaxes.
...each segment gradually ratchets up until it becomes a visual demonstration of Murphy's Law.
Wild Tales is an inventively shot crowd-pleaser, but it could stand to lose the fifth short.
Although it may not be for everyone due to its pitch-black tone, Wild Tales is a film that I imagine everybody who sees it can relate to in some way.
It's rare that a casting director's genius is so obvious, but Javier Braier pulls together a huge, disparate cast that is dopey, baiting, mean or gloriously evil at the right times.
A wickedly funny farce about the blurred lines of morality crossed when seeking revenge.
A bizarre collection of character on the limits of humilliaton that decide to take justice into their own hands. [Full review in Spanish]
There's plenty going on here, but the films can be enjoyed simply as anarchic fun. Don't expect happy endings, though.
This film should be fun, but all too often it may remind you of just the kinds of frustrations you went to the movies to forget.
This is one wild film for sure and deserves all the attention it has already garnered.
Wild Tales is not just a film you'll enjoy. It's one you'll want to talk about when it's over, either to debate the morals of the film - or to convince someone else to watch it.
Szifrón certainly has a knack for agitating our primal vindictive urges, but his gallows humor seems increasingly forced, and payback being a bitch isn't an excuse for a movie being predictable.
This wild and wacky six-pack of revenge-tinged dramas is "Falling Down" for the art house set.
Wild Tales makes a solid claim towards being the funniest and most daring anthology film I've ever seen.
A wondrous, whacked-out look at people doing what they think is right.
Wild Tales is a showy exercise, and Szifrón has undoubtedly punched his ticket for bigger and better things. He'll have to deliver something more than a scattering of gotchas next time.
[A] deliciously nasty anthology.
Given the construct of "Wild Tales" it's too early to induct Szifrón into the company of Alejandro González Iñárritu and Alfonso Cuarón as the next great Latino auteur, but he's a sure contender.
You'll certainly never think about getting your car towed or calling out someone too slow on the highway the same way ever again.
One of the most shocking movies in recent cinema history. [Full review in Spanish]
Deliriously unhinged and uproarious, it'll make you feel wretched about the world around you ... but you'll be having too much fun to care.
Szifron orchestrates each sequence expertly, demonstrating a flair for delivering absurd complications with marvellous comic timing and rich cinematic style.
Damian Szifron's Wild Tales is an insane and delightful collection of stories that combines thrills and dark comedy for a spellbinding and unforgettable experience.
I hope that Quentin Tarantino, whose obsession with revenge pictures has started to reveal kinks in his armor, has seen "Wild Tales." While it embraces elements of the spaghetti western as Tarantino's films do, it also finds new ways to explore them.
While there are parts of Wild Tales that prove more interesting than others, the overall package is consistent enough that it becomes a fun ride.
Exhilarating. And this is the best movie wedding since Melancholia.
Wild Tales is the uneven product of pure talent, all snapping curve balls and 100 mph fastballs buzzing at your ear. Szifron keeps us off-balance and unsettled; somehow his lack of control makes him more effective.
Wild Tales shuffles juvenile amorality and hand-of-God sermonizing into the same deck, but it's perfectly pitched, as though the funniest kid in your high school became Scheherazade for two hours.
Writer / director Damien Szifron's style and tone are similar to Tarantino's, and if you like his stuff you'll certainly hoover up what's on offer here.
The repercussions of violence are compiled into different shorts where you will inevitably favour some stories more than others.
It's an explosively funny film, made with great energy.
While its 122 minutes are wildly inconsistent, there's likely to be something in Wild Tales for a curious filmgoer wondering what "the deal" with popular film in Argentina is.
This is a rambling, slightly shambolic, but beautifully messed up film.
While the stories themselves are about the joys of losing control, their creator knows exactly what can be achieved with crafty pacing, masterly editing and a precisely controlled balance between the matter-of-fact and the shamelessly hysterical.
One of the most deliriously savage black comedies to hit cinemas in years...as sharp as a corkscrew and every bit as twisted.
Revenge is the common thread that links Damian Szifron's six fearlessly entertaining tales that range from uproariously funny to bleakly black.
Wild Tales' mix of humor and darkness works because every situation escalates too quickly for the gravity to register.
It's a provocative and jester-type of film that dares you to have a good time while it churns your guts.
There are plenty of satisfying moments throughout, enough that perhaps it's better to think about how this would play as a weekly series.
The film is a subversive satire that shines a light on the daily inequities that plague us, and the reality that most people simply either overlook, ignore or apathetically accept them.
Six apocalyptic Argentine stories of revenge combine in this hugely enjoyable and extreme anthology.
Narrative lapses notwithstanding, [director] Szifrón's sense of timing and his immaculate control of tone cannot be doubted.
These tales don't overlap, but Wild Tales definitely felt like the closest thing to Pulp Fiction since Pulp Fiction.
There's a fine line between clever and smug, and Szifrón rides that line hard, reveling in the brutality and explosive emotions on display.
Wild Tales isn't much interested in tender sensibilities -- rather, it trades in deliberately outraging those sensibilities in bleakly funny and anarchic ways.
The deft mix of tones keeps Wild Tales fresh and surprising.
Succeeds not only by being outrageously entertaining, but by functioning as a sort of hellish magic mirror ...
Made for modern-day moviegoers who don't want their films TOO messy (a la Un Chien Andalou, Multiple Maniacs or Eraserhead), Wild Tales is more often like mild tales, yet that's not necessarily a knock.
A splendidly anarchic portrait of a world on the verge of a nervous breakdown.
There are plot twists, to be sure, and some very polished filmmaking.
Very few films have been as appropriately titled as writer/director Damian Szifron's omnibus black comedy Wild Tales.
Each morsel of well-rounded, perfectly structured storytelling becomes part of a coherent, exuberant whole, linked as much as anything by a potent political anger directed against inequality and abuse, be it emotional, physical or economic.
Wild Tales is a riotously entertaining collection of short stories linked by a common theme: people losing their self-control and self-respect.
Wild Tales is a raucously entertaining collection of "six deadly stories of revenge". The brilliance of the film (produced by Pedro Almodóvar) lies in its combination of excess and ordinariness.
Rather as if a collection of Roald Dahl's darker Tales Of The Unexpected had been re-set in an Argentina riddled with crime, petty corruption and crazy road rage ...
Portmanteau films are not that common, or usually successful, but Argentine writer-director Damián Szifron has fashioned a collection of six payback stories with visual flair and a wicked sense of humour.
What it is is a lot of fun, pulling a steady stream of I-can't-believe-I'm-laughing-at-that laughs out of the viewer.
From Argentina, this Oscar-nominated collection of six short, sharp stories leaves us gasping for breath due to both riotous black comedy and deeply unnerving plot twists...
Filmmaker Damián Szifrón must have had a difficult childhood. Or else he just loves - don't we all? - dark stories in which logic is an extension ladder from Earth to Hell.
[Wild Tales] plays like a series of short stories as it delves into characters who finally give in to their rage. As you might expect, it doesn't always end well.
Broad strokes, dexterously delivered.
While it's boiling over, it's satisfyingly snippy fun - the movie equivalent of cutting three inches off a cheating ex's trousers.
Perversely entertaining.
How to discuss this giddily inventive Argentinian feature without ruining its many surprises?
A delicious chocolate box of nastiness.
This anthology of six bleakly funny shorts is a mixed bag that ranges from anticlimactic but intriguing to 'Oh my God, did I just laugh out loud at that?'
Of the six tales on offer, four are excellent and one decent - a high strike rate for a compilation.
The funniest of the six stories is a brilliantly extended riot of absurdly brutal road rage.
The film is not an advance, in themes or style, over such predecessors as the omnibus horror thrillers of the 1960s and '70s; but at its best it's a lot of fun, and it's filled with memorable performances and characters.
Like Tarantino's films, Wild Tales will rub some the wrong way by taking glee in the violence that comes from our worst selves, but the catharses have a positive social function...there's no doubt Szifron intends cautionary Tales.
Savage Humor, Bitter Irony at the Core of "Wild Tales."
Szifrón brings everything to the table here: anger, rage, betrayal, malice aforethought and panic. But he leavens this with humor, style, cleverness and wit.
Revenge may be a dish best served cold, but the dark comedy Wild Tales (Relatos salvajes) argues that payback is more satisfying when it's doled out in fiery, bloody and outrageous doses.
Written and directed by Argentina's Damian Szifron, this brilliant black comedy will make you laugh or drive you crazy. Maybe a little of both.
A film like "Wild Tales" might be able to remind us that "an eye for an eye" leaves the whole world blind. Even if it doesn't, it's still a heck of a lot of fun to watch.
Wild Tales - Relatos salvajes in its original Spanish - is, indeed, savage. And surprising. Your jaw will drop, your head will shake, more than a few times.
"Wild Tales" has been described as a movie about revenge, but I'd refine that to say that the movie gives us variations on the theme of outrage, the world's most fashionable and contagious emotion.
Entertaining, over-the-top and more than a little anxiety-inducing.
Though the inventiveness tends to run down as the film runs on...Szidron's sextet remains intriguing to the end.
One of the most inventive, entertaining Foreign Language films of 2014.
Along the way, Szifrón probes some interesting modern philosophical questions.
If everyone behaved the way the characters in Wild Tales behave, civilization would crumble. But the real take-away lesson here is how easy it might be for any of us, swept up in a moment of bloodlust, to consider pure raging hostility a fair trade.
By sugarcoating gratuitous violence with lethal doses of humor, Damian Szifron's eye-for-an-eye satire emerges equal measures fun, cathartic and enlightening.
Outrageous, rude, a refreshing change of pace.
A banquet of bad behavior.
Szifrón gives us a window onto other people's worst impulses rather than a mirror reflecting our own; the laughs come fast and full, and they come a little too easily.
With the darkest of humour, it graphically illustrates what happens when the stress of 21st century living causes regular citizens to "go postal."
Some of it is funny, most of it is puzzling, but when Szifron locks into the weirdness of the moment, stacking coincidences and playing with puzzled reactions, "Wild Tales" finds a welcome shot of mischief.
While the film has all of the inconsistencies apparently native to the genre, what it has is a surly attitude, a scathing wit, and a fresh directing voice in Damian Szifron.
Maybe the first tale in Wild Tales is too strong ... It's so successful, in fact, that each of the following five stories pales by comparison.
The half-dozen chapters vary in length and subject matter, but not in style or the efficiency of their message.
With Wild Tales, Szifron announces himself as a talented molecular mix of Tarantino, Rodriguez, Spielberg and Almodovar with an eye for crisp editing and gorgeously composed widescreen imagery.
Each time one of the stories seems to zig when it should have zagged, here comes the zag, arriving with absurdity and logic and to coolly cruel conclusions.
A satirical masterwork. You don't need to be Argentine to get it; you simply must be a citizen of the world.
The nuances are perfectly articulated, the observations expertly perceived and the tragedies heart-wrenchingly realised.
A wickedly funny, perceptive and smart roller coaster ride of emotions that walks a fine line between comedy and tragedy.
Wild Tales is both great entertainment and great cinema, in that it sucks you in while also making you appreciate its skillful, inventive execution. This is, in every conceivable way, an exhilarating film.
Whatever the style, the point is blunt, reductive: Civilized humans can transform, in an instant, into blindingly destructive forces of nature. Not exactly an original thesis, but as a source of movie fodder, it's scarily entertaining.
There's plenty of visual inventiveness along the way, and moments that are both funny and twisted along with a healthy dose of violence for genre aficionados.
A clever collection of short films that coalesce around a central theme, wielding humor and horror in equal measure.
This is a crowd pleasing movie... Sad to say, I'm not in agreement with the crowd...
Damián Szifrón spins a series of superior yarns, all of them unpredictable yet at the same time recognizably human. Any anthology film runs the risk of being judged by its weakest link, but there's not a single dud in the bunch.
If you've ever fantasized about busting up somebody's nuptials, this movie is for you.
Argentina's nominee for the foreign-film Oscar is a farce about revenge that is feral, ferocious and gut-bustingly funny. You'll laugh till it hurts.
Wild Tales aims to entertain and send its audience home with an artificial relief that will rub off on even the most cynical of human souls. Why resist it?
Film-making at its most friskily entertaining and surprising. Even if it doesn't win the Oscar on Sunday, it's a film to be prized for its audacious energy.
Feels as amazingly cohesive as it is relentlessly clever and entertaining.
In between its shocker start and equally startling windup, this Argentine anthology offers up a scabrous, often unsettlingly funny look at human behavior in extremis.
You never lose interest for a moment, and the images are often striking: Javier Julia did the stylish cinematography. Yet there's little lift from the carryings-on, not much buoyancy in the misanthropy.
The film is an anthology - a collection of six separate and unrelated stories - every one of which lives up to that title.
Well-acted, cleverly written and exquisitely crafted.
Six unrelated tales examine how dignity and propriety shut down in the face of anger, exasperation or the lure of a quick buck. All are funny because all feel true.
A collection of six vignettes all connected by themes of victimhood and vengeance, and spring-loaded with ironic twist endings worthy of O. Henry, the film feels like Pulp Fiction filtered through the baroque pop sensibility of Pedro Almodóvar.
You're sorry when one episode ends; you can't wait for another to get to the gruesome point.
In its gaudy, predictable way, "Wild Tales" is enormous fun, and the consistent wit of the quiet stretches shows there's more to Szifrón than shock tactics.
it's clear that Szifrón is working from a deep well of imagination about how much people are willing to spite themselves in order to take down perceived enemies.
Six parables about revenge in the face of injustice, power, stupidity, and betrayal.
Wild Tales has so much feral, prickly energy that it gives off warmth rather than coldness.
Each of the segments involves violence and illustrates the arrogance of the wealthy and powerful, but their moralizing is as facile as the plotting is mechanical.
Each of the six vignettes that make up this unusually energetic anthology pertains to the methods of calculated mass dehumanization that are (barely) hidden beneath the practices of social institutions.
Each of the stories in Wild Tales could have been a full-length movie in itself, but each vignette is so exquisitely crafted, the sequence so carefully chosen, that the six fit flawlessly together.
Wild Tales is the very definition of a crowd-pleaser.
Szifron's voice is nonetheless very much his own, a mischievously blunt response to a culture of inescapable corruption, economic and social inequality and injustice.
Above all, note the ratio of laughter to mayhem, which remains high in Wild Tales despite the continually mounting pile of corpses.
A wickedly delightful compendium of six standalone shorts united by a theme of vengeance -- the kind that explodes in spectacular bursts after a put-upon soul is screwed over too many times.
Its tales of the unexpected have twists and turns, but they're always innovative, and the music choices are unexpectedly left-field and pulpishly entertaining.
Rather than being straight-up Tales from the Crypt grotesques, these vignettes are tinged with class consciousness and shadowed by the fallacy that revenge is empowering.
Easily the funniest satire of the year.
Like an act of revenge, Wild Tales probably isn't healthy or edifying, but damn, it feels good. Highly recommended.
Revenge may be a dish best served cold, but Argentine writer-director Damián Szifron allows it to sit until it congeals in the dreary six-part anthology "Wild Tales."
Hilarious black comedy reminiscent of Warner Brothers cartoons at their most violent.
This dark comedy bears a resemblance to the likes of British sketch show The League of Gentleman, deranged, surreal and absolutely hilarious in parts.
An exemplary example of how to combine multiple stories in a coherent, complementary and often exhilarating manner.
Perhaps the biggest surprise of all is that this phalanx of stories doesn't have a weak point.
Wild Tales gets off to an impressively electrifying start...
Each story unfolds concisely, establishing the characters and situation, building up the tensions and some laughter along the way. In such a short screen time, we barely know these characters but we relate to them.
Wild Tales is an insanely fun ride that marks Szifron as one to watch in the Argentinian cinema scene.
Ideally structured and often wickedly dark.
More than anything else, Wild Tales is to be recommended to the sheer fun of the experience.
An exciting and energizing achievement in film-making, a truly funny work that's equally deep and philosophical, all while not taking itself too seriously.
...it only cements Szifron's clear talent...
As in the episode with the engineer turned terrorist, where restitution of the family unit supersedes revolutionary politics, it's clear that Szifrón lacks Almodóvar's truly confrontational sensibility.
If you don't see a part of yourself in some of these stories, I suspect you are living in La Denegacion.

@highlight

Wickedly hilarious and delightfully deranged, Wild Tales is a subversive satire that doubles as a uniformly entertaining anthology film.