Actor Derek Magyar makes an impressive feature debut in this somber video drama about a financially savvy but emotionally distant male escort.
If anything about this scenario sounds remotely interesting, it's not.
A traditional vapid romantic comedy.
Audiences outside gay cinema will, frankly, probably find it too callow to emotionally invest in. However, for those who do see it, they will likely be surprised, and entertained, by its arch insights and near-camp bearing.
Boy Culture is an undemanding but sufficiently engaging serving of smut and sentiment. As such, it reclaims territory that queer cinema has largely ceded to TV shows like Queer as Folk, The L Word and Six Feet Under.
It's a better-than-average gay relationship film, largely because neither plot mechanics nor the same old camp intrude much.
Seattle locales, some spry lines and tiny soundings of depth still leave us in the conceptual grip of 'love' as a system of endless bartering and vanity, with impulsive copulation treated as consecration. Oh, boy.
Despite cliches, film does click.
Benefits from some assured helming by Q. Allan Brocka and strong performances.
BOY CULTURE is a well-made, engrossing and well acted comedy-drama. [The main character] X can easily reside alongside Jon Voight's Joe Buck in MIDNIGHT COWBOY as one of the screen's more memorable hustlers.
You know something's amiss in a movie when an omniscient narrator blathers the entire way through it.
Brocka's direction keeps things moving, and the performances he draws from Magyar, Stephens and indie-film veteran Bauchau are always up to speed.
These self-involved studs manage to make ready, anonymous sex look rather dull.
A drab, contrived drama in which men have sex and then complain about it to us.
A smarter-than-average relationship drama set in Seattle's gay scene, Boy Culture boasts a winning sense of self-awareness.
Brocka leaps into the small circle of leading queer filmmakers of our time, sculpting an unpredictable romance that is complex, sophisticated and thoughtful.
Direction and performances are not up to the task of making this convincing or moving.
The overall effect is merely narcotic.
Shrewder than you'd think and not half as dumb as it looks.
As a character, X is rather reticent and buttoned-up. If he'd stayed that way as a narrator, a rather nice film would have been even better.
It is buoyed by some incisive acting and writing and anchored by a standout portrayal from Bauchau, a versatile veteran of international cinema.
A guilty pleasure. Just enjoy the view and don't expect cerebral stimulation.
In a role that could easily have slipped into bitchy smugness, [actor] Magyar gives the character a self-deprecating charm that's enormously appealing.
Boy Culture dares to speak on the gay experience without the need for affectation, and it's a rewarding and often superb viewing experience.
A film made by people just smart enough to acknowledge that the tropes of modern queer filmmaking have been reduced to cliché, but who themselves lack the courage to push beyond tried-and-true box-office formulas.
A refreshingly realistic, homoerotic adventure featuring recognizable gay characters actually acting gay, not behaving in some sanitized fashion intended to appeal to straight audiences. The gay version of Jungle Fever!
Boy Culture exhibits a striking density of thought.
raw and real
It sentimentalises and moralises at times, but the characters remain nicely complicated right to the end.
A strong cast, formal visual style and cynical voiceover that propels the action help elevate this Seattle-set gay romp from the ranks of the stereotypical.
X dispenses wisdom with the same enthusiasm as the flash-in-the-pan trick-reel demonstrates his professional conquest.

@highlight

Eloquent one-liners and quick pacing make Boy Culture sharper than the typical gay indie flick.