Katy Perry: Part of Me is a commercial, not a diary entry -- and it sticks, far too often, to an already-decided-upon script.
Works in this genre can be rollercoasters of bliss and sadness and awkwardness and pain. "Katy Perry: Part Of Me" plays more like an infomercial.
There's only so much formula the filmmakers can shellac over their subject's increasingly obvious heartbreak.
Delightful for fans, Perry's screen debut is a calculated but entertaining proposition.
Mostly pointed toward her fans who want to bask in the delightful and vivacious Perry.
If you are a 'KatyCat'. I imagine you've already got tickets. But if you get dragged along to this you won't find yourself looking for the nearest noose.
Katy Perry: Part of Me is the biggest surprise of 2012. It's not just a fluff piece for the fans, but a spectacularly made, emotionally honest portrait of one of pop culture's biggest personalities.
I'm still not sure how intentional this paradoxical mix of sexiness and childlike goofiness really is.
... a sympathetic, even adoring portrait ...
The prime reason for this movie's infectious spirit is Perry's performance in concert.
Sequined and sparkly, like Katy Perry, this documentary is aimed at her fanatic preteen fan base.
Pre-teen girls will love it and their parents will appreciate the unusual depth of this concert documentary.
Against all of the odds in a business that is potentially so ephemeral, dangerously shallow, nihilistic and sycophantic, Part of Me is, in its own little way, one of the films of the year.
A fascinating and surprisingly intimate look at the person inside the superstar.
An inane and boring self-promoting documentary in unneeded 3-D about good girl pop singer Katy Perry.
Through it all, through her cotton-candy-colored hair hues, her candy-store concert sets and cheesy looking stage costumes, all her chart-topping success, Perry comes of as genuine...
If you are a Katy Perry fan, you love her and everything about her, you should have fun with this movie. If you don't care about her, Ted is still out in theaters.
The other thing you learn is that she had an interesting childhood...both her parents are preachers, traveling ministers. "Do ya feel the power of the Lord upon you"?? 700 Club on steroids kinda stuff.
The whole enterprise is simply another way for the singer to cash in on her stardom.
We're left with zero sense of what she's really like as a granddaughter, sister, boss, or friend.
This documentary should really be renamed All Of Me, as pop star Katy opens her backstage dressing room, her wardrobe and her heart for the cameras.
I saw Katy Perry: Part of Me -- and I liked it.
[It] isn't so much a movie as a canny, inoffensive slice of brand management and marketing. And as such, it's not half bad.
It's filled with pizzazz and sparkle, but not enough to distract from the real person under the cupcake skirt.
Like that recent Justin Bieber documentary, Part of Me proves to be a surprisingly digestible entertainment.
Ultimately, while this is a Perry promotional movie, it manages to be a refreshingly honest portrayal of one of music's biggest stars.
Although there are moments when the filmmakers' fingerprints are nearly visible on the manipulated putty of an audience, the scenes aren't enough to break the fruit-flavored spell.
"Part of Me" is more electronic press kit than fly-on-the-wall documentary.
The closer you are to puberty, the more you'll be blown away by "Katy Perry: Part of Me." Just imagine Madonna's "Truth or Dare" (1991), but without the sexual innuendo, glamour, wit, and Warren Beatty.
Delivered with infectious energy, Part of Me gives us moments of note mixed in with a gorgeous, immersive concert experience.
Entertaining concert film follows pop singer's highs, lows.
Everything is 'on message' and approved by the star - yet it's as intimate as this kind of film gets.
As Katy was seen doubling over in pain as she forced the last few tears to fall, clutching the wall for support as she gasped for breath wearing a rotating sparkly bra, I was shocked to discover that my own cheeks were wet.
Has more stand-alone substance and resonance than anticipated.
Packed with high energy, basic morals and an infectious charm, much like Perry herself.
Just like it says, "Part of Me" is one aspect of Perry, but her fans may leave the movie wanting more.
Although suitably rousing and even somewhat resonant, Katy Perry: Part of Me merely presents the package expected of her sugary stage persona, in following the new music documentary formula.
Ultimately, Part of Me is for fans, but it should have interest for people interested in celebrity culture.
For Perry fans, there's not much more you could ask for - but for non-devotees, it's a lightweight package.
'In some ways, I live in a fairy tale,' says Perry, a polychrome Snow White who doesn't just charm the birds out of the trees but sings of being 'a phoenix,' of having a 'hummingbird heart,' of longing for a bold display of 'peacock.'
What is worth seeing - and shelling out the 3-D premium for - is Perry's eye-popping showmanship.
Katy Perry's sugary sweet wonderland is a hit with her fans, but it also makes for an inspiring movie for those who might have never heard her music.
Fun, revealing doc about one pop sensation who has truly earned her place in the sun, although the 3D is wholly unnecessary.
Unfortunately, as sweet as Perry come across, the product as a whole is mastabatory, jarring and ultimately pretty dull.
Perry is no dancer and not much of a mover; she's a more mannequin-ish presence, but an energizer mannequin, expressive and ever connecting.
Footage from Perry's elaborate stage show, which hit Xcel Energy Center last August, is so energetic and fizzy that the blandly catchy songs feel like just a small and not unpleasant piece of the puzzle.
Personally, I prefer Adele. But teens who adore Perry should be satisfied with the colourful on-stage stuff.
I gained respect for Perry, her work ethic and personal rediscovery.
Even if you had front row tickets at one of Perry's concerts, you haven't had a visual experience like this with the singer. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
I'm willing to believe Perry is everything "Part of Me" says she is: kind, smart, talented, hardworking, deserving of success. I just wish the movie trusted me to decide for myself.
Part of Me works hard to prove it's more than a glorified infomercial, and one reason it is more is that Perry has a startling story to tell.
Surely there are more interesting subjects, but Perry manages to pull it off here, coming off completely likable and real, never insufferable and fake.
[It] goes a bit beyond the usual music documentaries, which rarely document anything beyond how beloved their stars are.
Perry herself, while clearly driven and ambitious, comes across as hugely likeable and witty - the consummate professional whose personal life is in a tailspin.
Ever the professional, the pop star has surrounded herself with people who know how to make a tour work - but none of them seem well-equipped to give a heartbroken 27-year-old girl a much needed hug.
I'm not sure what I was expecting from "Katy Perry: Part of Me," but I know it wasn't this: a pleasant surprise.
You realize the main drama of the movie - and Perry's career - is not that she has any special artistic talent, but rather the drive to take on an insane workload and see it through to the bitter end.
Any self-produced documentary about oneself is bound to be a propaganda film, but "Katy Perry: Part of Me" is a good one, and a persuasive one.
It's difficult to assess the authenticity of Perry's big-screen portrait, shaped by handlers, friends, family and gushing Katy Kats. But her zeal, geeky enthusiasm and generous spirit feel genuine.
As one record executive put it, for too long the industry tried to make Katy Perry into something or someone else. The secret, which "Part of Me" captures quite nicely, was to just let her be.
There's nothing new or radical in those ideals - learning to accept yourself, not taking life too seriously - but they are messages that resonate with her young fans, female and male, and that's not at all a bad thing.
"Part of Me" succeeds because it's not afraid to let its big star be vulnerable.
What resonates in this film is the personal thread of the narrative that erupted unexpectedly, which is epitomized in one brief moment.
a piece of product that clearly wants to be the modern-day "Truth or Dare" but which winds up coming across as something closer to "Rattle & Hum" without the quiet humility.
"Part of Me" will never be mistaken for "The Red Shoes" (though Ms. Perry has some of those, as well as every other color), but her negotiation of the painfully competing demands of stardom and marriage is undeniably poignant.
Whether you are a fan of Katy Perry's music or not, Part of Me 3D offers a captivating glimpse into a superstar's life with fun and heart-rending honesty, that rarely feels contrived.
This frothy 3D concert doc often plays like a Perry ad campaign, assuring viewers that their "Teenage Dream" diva is a good, fun-loving person, and that, by God, she's doing fine.
Part Of Me often feels like the offspring of E! True Hollywood Story and an infomercial for Katy Perry Inc.
As artificial as much of the apparatus surrounding Perry may be, none of it works without her charisma at the center. That comes through in "Part of Me," as does her intense drive to succeed after early failures.
The contrast between the cartoony, fantasy-loving stage image of songstress Katy Perry and the rigours of a relentless world tour give what could otherwise have been a puffy, throwaway pseudo-documentary some real grist.
The trudging devotion to formula would be more forgivable if Part of Me did a better job at capturing what's ostensibly the point of the documentary: Katy Perry's music.
You never get the sense that the camera was ever allowed to see anything that Perry didn't want it to see.
You may go for the story, but the performances and quirks leave you with an experience.
A solid doc on par with ones we've seen about more serious topics, giving you a far more intimate and in-depth portrait of Perry than anyone may expect.
The 3-D performance footage is impressively lavish, though the film's unending idolization of the amiable singer will quickly exhaust all but the most devoted fans.
She dresses like an ice cream sundae but never offers more than a sample spoon into her life.
This supposedly honest behind-the-scenes look at Perry's 2011 world tour often feels more like sharp brand management. (Ex-husband pun slightly intended.)
Perry may be the world's most high-profile tease, but she sure knows how to show us a good time.
What is there of interest for non-Katy-Perry fans? Not a whole lot... Still, I was hardly bored.
I find Perry likable in her camera-friendliness.
A flashy, enlightening time capsule of Perry's career. It's no concert film, but more of a backstage laminate, permitting fans access to the singer and her turbulent year of mega-stardom.
A mix of interviews, reality-TV style behind-the-scenes footage and 3D concert scenes, the movie is attractively, if conventionally, assembled.
A live-action cartoon of a Technicolor musical, in eye-popping 3D!
Perry, who is part of an era of artists who aim to please their fans first and foremost, goes out on a limb with this film. Ultimately, Part of Me is for fans, but it should have interest for people interested in celebrity culture.
Part Of Me deserves kudos for allowing an element of unpredictability to intrude upon its tween exploitation and sugary vulgarity.
Although the film dodges earlier personal issues - notably, the breakdown of her relationship with US rapper Travis McCoy - it does show the star as human.
... one of the best practical examples of 'the show must go on' that I can remember seeing.


@highlight

Katy Perry: Part of Me succeeds on the strengths of the pop star's genuine likability, inspiring work ethic, and dazzling stage show, even if it plays somewhat like a PR puff piece at times.