Outside of the novelty of seeing Ben Affleck assaying a dramatic role, there isn't much in Hollywoodland to keep us hooked.
Starts with artful delusions before dribbling into nothingness
Despite a stellar cast, Coulter and screenwriter Paul Bernbaum can’t decide whether to plumb the depths of 'noir' or tug at the heartstrings of failed ambition.
Like Ben from Bennifer, George Reeves aspired to be a Great Actor, but was weighed down by audience expectations. Affleck does a terrific job with this role.
Strong ensemble performances, tight direction, and a stand out from Affleck make this an excellent revisiting of an old Hollywood case...
every bit as ambitious, if never as flawed, as the characters it portrays.
May not have all the answers about the death of one of the icons behind the big red 'S,' but by gathering one of the better ensembles of the year, it makes the legend interesting again.
Tentando evocar a mesma atmosfera sufocante de Los Angeles %u2013 Cidade Proibida, surge como pálida (literalmente) imitação do excepcional trabalho de Curtis Hanson.
From a character point of view, Adrien Brodey's emotional journey as a broken down investigator and a broken down father from a broken marriage, is the film's incomplete centrepiece, Ben Affleck's superb portrayal of George Reeves notwithstanding.
Un atractivo y bien logrado ejemplo de cine negro donde se mezclan glamour y misterio, con estupendo elenco y excelente recreación de época y atmósfera.
Tells this tale with energy and panache.
Middle-aged angst - and not the mystery of Reeves' unsolved death - lies at the heart of Hollywoodland.
Worthwhile for the amusement of the escape to a bygone era alone. But when you factor in an absorbing pulp fiction plotline, you've got all you can ask of a cinematic experience.
But dreams of fame evolve. And where once it would have just been enough to be recognized, it becomes apparent only later that this is not quite enough.
Frustratingly ambiguous as a thriller, Coulter's strong debut should be approached as a disturbing parable on the nature of fame.
It is not just that people die in the film, its the way their souls get mauled while they are still alive.
It's Affleck's ghost of film future. Watch his hurt-glazed eyes as he sits in the screening of From Here to Eternity while all around him people laugh at 'Superman' pretending to be someone else.
Stark, probing and beautifully crafted, Hollywoodland is a slow-burning mystery/thriller that intriguingly jumps along with each suspenseful frame.
It's worth seeing for Affleck alone, deftly communicating the distance between the put-on cardboard debonairness of this hunk-about-town and the gnawing uncertainties beneath his Superman outfit.
A well-meaning mediocrity.
Hollywoodland is a complex film: part noir, part biopic, all powerful character study.
With a career-best performance from Ben Affleck, this is an enjoyable, well made thriller, even if the ending is a bit of a cop-out.
The film is sustained on its juicy minor characters.
Never makes a case that Reeves' death is worth probing, or even mourning; as on Superman, his humanity is utterly stifled by lousy production values and unrewarding stunts.
It's not unreasonable to believe Hollywoodland will be remembered alongside great Los Angeles films such as L.A. Confidential and Sunset Boulevard.
Though they take artistic liberties, Bernbaum and director Allen Coulter respect their subject.
Watching "Hollywoodland" unwind, it becomes clear that this is the movie Coulter and Bernbaum should have made in the twilight of their careers, after Hollywood had had its way with them.
... the film never digs far enough below the surface of this male pinup ...
The back-and-forth storytelling becomes tedious but good performances keep the film from failing entirely.
A nice mix of real facts, and what could have been real facts, in a sweet look at the man of steel killed not by kryptonite, but by television.
One of the main reasons to see the movie is for the performance of Ben Affleck as George Reeves.
If the movie just doesn't have the nostalgic pull of a Chinatown or the camp appeal of an L.A. Confidential, it may be that its material didn't really justify the full-feature treatment.
A grinding, faithful homage to the classic crime procedural, about sultry love affairs that turn deadly in a sordid town of fame, fedoras, and femme fatales.
A Tinseltown story without the tinsel, a whodunit that has little mystery.
A well made film with high quality production values and good acting that just needed tighter editing and a more satisfying ending.
Lacks almost everything I want in a mystery: compelling characters, a motive, a few interesting detours, a satisfying conclusion.
Stylish and stark, it is a cautionary tale told with a wealth of compassion for its players who reduce themselves to little more than commodities for one another, but with vitriol for what brought them to that state.
The fatal flaw of Hollywoodland is as basic as the mystery genre gets: too much detective, not enough detecting.
We want to understand Reeves and his life; corny sentiment around his death feels awkward and unnecessary.
Take my word for it: Hollywoodland is well worth seeing.
Unable to decide if it wants to be a mystery or biography, Hollywoodland settles for doing both, badly.
One of the nicest surprises of the late summer lull between blockbuster seasons, a smart period mystery-cum-character study-cum-bitter parable on the lures and liabilities of life in its titular locale.
In a Hollywood whodunit that flirts with conspiracy theories, Coulter courageously brings us down to Earth in the end. We are left to ponder Reeves as man, not as Superman.
The 126-minute film would have benefited from a slight trim, but I still found a lot of interest in the story's depiction of broken dreams and broken lives.
This is as close to a sequel to "LA Confidential" as we're going to get
A handsomely crafted story directed in the grand tradition of great mystery movies.
With its memorable performances and haunted film noir tone, Hollywoodland is among the early contenders for a place at next year's Oscar table.
Biopics are boring, but this sort of rampant dramatization is fun.
Deadening, dull, sepia-drenched faux-noir period hokum of a suddenly popular variety.
Reeves had an easy but peppy presence that was very likable, and Affleck's moroseness doesn't do him justice.
Bearing all the trappings of lazy cutting-room manipulation, it presents a puzzle hardly worth solving.
Affleck ably balances Reeves' eager-to-please ambition and ego-crushing disappointment. He also looks like he belongs in this era (maybe he can stay).
"Gigli.""Daredevil.""Surviving Christmas.""Pearl Harbor."Nothing like hitting Ben Affleck when he's down right? But that's my point: He's back up again, thanks to his fine work in "Hollywoodland," where he shows that he really does have what it takes to c
The essence of the era is captured in everything, from the dresses worn by Diane Lane to all of the martinis consumed during the film.
The movie has a dexterous ebb and flow, thanks to director Allen Coulter and his editing crew, seamlessly shifting between past and present throughout the film.
Had they recognized that George Reeves was the real story--and that the dirty linen was only a small part of that story--they could have made a much better film.
It wants to be the next Chinatown -- a film that's about an exercise in futility, but was savvy enough not to be one.
Although the mystery surrounding Reeves' demise fades out somewhat anti-climactically, 'Hollywoodland' has plenty to recommend it.
...except for a middling performance from Adrien Brody, Hollywoodland is a top-notch mystery yarn that holds your interest from start to finish.
Hollywoodland is well made and boasts some strong performances. It just never reaches its full potential, but that's somehow appropriate in light of this sad story.
While the surface of 'Hollywoodland' promises nostalgia and noir, patience will reveal a subcurrent which, if rather too pat, ripples outwards.
... even though parts of the picture don't quite hold together, in the end, it sticks with you.
The meaty beef of the story covers the lasting effect of TV's 'Superman,' particularly for the Baby Boomer target audience, and George Reeves' far too early death.
Mixing past and present as though everything were taking place now is an interesting idea, but the picture is too sluggish to approach the qualities of, say, 'L.A. Confidental.'
...just a bunch of speculation that comes full circle. And that, it must be said, it does with a punch...Affleck's weary bravado is heart breaking.
Brody can't do much with his undeveloped character except chew-the-scenery like Dustin Hoffman usually does.
Hollywoodland may not live up to its ambitions, but thanks in no small part to a subdued and poignant performance by Affleck, it does achieve something significant by memorializing the actor and his lost dreams.
In this bland, ultimately dull reimagining, the question of who killed Superman turns out to be less of a mystery than a plodding attempt at what has been done so much better before.
Hollywoodland explores an intriguing bit of Hollywood history, and through the strength of its performances keeps us engaged and entertained.
Hollywoodland was clearly a labor of love, and it succeeds in making people not only remember who George Reeves was but to see him as something more than an actor in a cape.
In his generous spirit toward a forgotten icon, Affleck turns the death-obsessed Hollywoodland into, of all things, a film about resurrection.
Hollywoodland might be frustrating. But if you welcome the chance to make up your own mind, then you'll enjoy this stylish turn from novice director Allen Coulter.
The pacing is slow and deliberate, but the story never ceases to intrigue.
There's enough going on in Hollywoodland that its strengths -- its look, the majority of its performances, and that mystery surrounding Reeves' end -- outweigh the damage that Affleck inflicts on it.
With a more restrained, subtler actor, Hollywoodland could have been what it aspires to be: a study of twin trajectories (Reeves and Simo) caught in the spotlights of Tinseltown, where dreams crash headlong into hard reality -- and dubious ethics.
Not a camp hoot like Mommie Dearest, nor a taut vision of the dream jungle like Sunset Boulevard, Hollywoodland is gamey in its methods, but rises above a compost heap like Wonderland.
The film, actually, is a little like Reeves himself: It starts promisingly and trails off into indistinctness and mystery.
[Hollywoodland] holds interest as a whodunit that's refreshingly compassionate toward the fates of its characters. Warts and all, they're likable dreamers in a town where dreams don't always come true.
The interplay between hard facts and the dreams that are the currency of movie actors, agents and producers that gives Hollywoodland both its glitter and its grit.
A dark, stylish tale of Tinseltown tawdriness out of the strange inconsistencies surrounding the death of TV Superman George Reeves.
It's almost a good movie.
Hollywoodland had me wishing for the improbable: that somebody would release the Ben Affleck movie concealed within.
The movies love a tasty murder, which is why Ben Affleck has packed on the pounds, slipped on some tights and given this exasperating film far more than it gives in return.
It's certainly a juicy, real-life mystery; one that's explored with surprising non-commitment
It's just another sordid tale from a city famous for them. But Hollywoodland explains so much about today's Hollywood, from the cozy ways the cops have always played ball with the studios and stars, to the career-killing pain of type-casting.
Hollywoodland takes a trashy real-life story and peels it open just enough to show us the human aspects of the people involved.
Want a place where everything ends nicely? Where even tragedies end in a lesson learned? Forget it, pal. It's Hollywoodland.
More closely resembles a poorly made tabloid instead of a film with just an identity problem.
Hollywoodland is laden with atmosphere but moves like it has lead in its tights.
Hollywoodland, a fascinating, intelligent and probing new film noir about the unsolved Tinseltown mystery surrounding the death of actor George Reeves.
A bit of a hodgepodge -- unnecessarily complicated, clumsily structured, uncertainly directed and, as a whodunit, ultimately unsatisfying.
Affleck's most authentic work in years.
Hollywoodland offers three scenarios to choose from, but the mystery becomes less rather than more interesting as the film goes on.
A fun guessing game full of intriguing possibilities -- and an unusual interactive experience that allows the viewer to make up his or her own mind.
A movie that shuffles back and forth between characters and genres but only succeeds when exploring the ways that Hollywood can eat you alive.
The film has potent things to say about the way Hollywood dreams can raise, then crush, the spirits of those with more ambition than chops.
If Hollywoodland falls well short of greatness, it still can boast a great sense of time and place.
This is an interesting story with talented actors and slick set pieces, yet somehow it winds up being less than the sum of its dazzling parts.
But the picture has serious problems, and in the end it sinks beneath the weight of its awkward narrative concept.
Ultimately this is a story of Hollywood fame, and how you can't always control how it will occur.
While it doesn't innovate, it does surprise.
Handsome film that gets the details right but often becomes lost in its own sprawling narrative.
Could it be that Hollywoodland is something like real life -- a muddle that goes down, down and away?
This solid first feature by director Allen Coulter is an intriguing, darkly humorous exposé of Tinseltown's fading glamour and rotting soul.
Sweeping precariously close to L.A. Confidential (1997) and Auto Focus (2002) as well as several hundred other recent biopics, Allen Coulter's Hollywoodland nevertheless manages a flavor of its own.
This isn't the sort of film you stand up and cheer for -- it's too subtle and dark for that. But it is a film that lingers in the mind, asking questions without answers, telling a story that has no clear ending.
Hollywoodland tries way, way too hard to evoke a corrupt, L.A. Confidential-like portrait of an Eisenhower Hollywood with a dark, hidden underbelly, to the point that the mystery of Reeves' death becomes all but irrelevant.
Like Affleck's performance, Hollywoodland has its affecting moments. But generally, it feels like an HBO original movie, where respectable but uninspired execution mars a fascinating subject and a great cast.
Affleck hasn't been this good in years -- maybe ever. And his credible performance is just one of the highlights of this slowly engrossing mystery/thriller, which may be a little long, but which also features a terrific cast.
Coulter's mostly languid pacing doesn't create the right kind of film-noir urgency, and Hollywoodland winds up feeling like an imitation of a great movie rather than the real thing, a cut-rate Chinatown.
...spins its familiar tale with reasonably high style and more than a few flashes of substance.
It's not a crisp as L.A. Confidential, but it does its job simultaneously glorifying the silver age of Hollywood and exposing its dirty little secrets.
In the noir tradition of Chandler and Hammett, little in Hollywoodland is what it appears.
Hollywoodland is filled with dazzling ingredients that never fully congeal. The sparks don't always connect. Nevertheless, they do sparkle.
The period details and performances are uniformly superb (Bob Hoskins is especially good as MGM executive Eddie Mannix), and the major characters are even more complex than those in Chinatown.
There's little here to titillate or inform us.
Hollywoodland works best -- as a cold look at the entertainment industry's obsession with youth and the fatality brought on by an errant wrinkle or gray hair, impressively encapsulated by Diane Lane's strong showing as the past-her-prime.
The movie doesn't build to anything dramatic or enlightening.
Hollywoodland is gripping entertainment that teases answers and sparks conversations.
Director Allen Coulter's vision does the real Hollywood of that time justice, bequeathing a gauche garishness to the landscape and a guttural voice to the interiors.
A kryptonite cocktail knocked back with a teary-eyed wink by Diane Lane, who emerges as the tarnished trophy wife to beat for this year's Best Supporting Actress Oscar.
Say all you want about Ben Affleck's bad movies. They at least give him the screen time he deserves. Here, his best performance in a long time is wasted in a well-acted, beautifully shot and wildly unfocused mystery-drama.
A stylish film noir about the death of TV's Superman that reveals the inevitable downward arc of disappointment resulting from high expectations and belief in the hype of success and fame.
A mishmash of fact, fiction and innuendo that sheds little light on Reeves' life or his death.
Intelligent, moving and handsomely realized ... as much a meditation on the death of Old Hollywood and the emergence of modern anxiety as the George Reeves bio-pic it's often described as being.
All the film's parts work together, making for an unflaggingly interesting whole.
Hollywoodland uses Simo to avoid many of the formulaic traps laid for bio-pics, but seeing how incredible Affleck is and how well Coulter stages the Superman wonder years, it's a shame they didn't go the obvious route.
In what may be the single most damaging performance in any film this year, Affleck puts on extra pounds, a fake honker, and a horrifyingly bad debonair act.
One half of the movie was easily more fascinating and entertaining than the other.
Half the film is brilliant, half disposable. If only cutting it down the middle were an acceptable solution.
Director Allen Coulter...fashions some memorable poetic images out of the seemingly mundane.
Ben Affleck is the Comeback Actor of the Year! ... Affleck has revived his career with a brilliant performance that should be counted among the best of the year.
The brief scene with Affleck as Reeves as Superman as Kent is so true to the original that viewers old enough to remember watching it in its original broadcast will expect it to be followed by commercials for Maypo and Pepsodent.
It's not unheard of for a movie detective to be more interesting than the corpse he (or she) is investigating. This just isn't one of those times.
Affleck has been a punching bag for so long that his solid work here will surprise many.
...the picture's sure sense of style and its tabloid sensationalism make it an entertaining trip back into Hollywood pseudo-history.
Hollywoodland has too many leaks. The movie is also too ambitious for its own good.
The movie plays as an engaging jaunt into the past, which not only re-creates old Hollywood but comments on the superficial and fleeting nature of fame.
Its wayward script lumbers between the Affleck and Brody storylines without making a meaningful connection between them.
He [director Allen Coulter] is clearly reaching for more than he ultimately achieves with this project, but it's a strong effort nonetheless, a warm throwback to the golden era of Hollywood.
What's gratifying about Hollywoodland, a mood-inflected autopsy of Reeves' own hopes and dreams, is that while its characters may be prone to pathos, they elude easy pity by being mostly (if merely) human.
A character study of a low-rent private eye who gets in way over his head when he tackles a high-profile case, a role brilliantly brought to life by Oscar-winner Adrien Brody.
The performances are first-rate across the board. Hollywoodland endures as a fulfilling and memorable cinematic experience.
It's not a definitive Reeves biography. It's not trying to be. Hollywoodland is after something more off-center, and more interesting.
We could say, Forget it, Jake. It's Chinatown. But that just conjures up memories of the kind of mystery movie Hollywoodland only wishes it could be.
The elegant biodrama Hollywoodland presents all options in its meditation on the price of the American way of fame, a toll exacted even back when 'land' still completed the letters of the sign famously visible from high in the Hollywood Hills.
It's a bird! It's a plane! It's pretty dull!
Hollywoodland, a film noir run at half speed, features an awkward and jarringly bad performance by Ben Affleck -- Remember Daredevil? -- as George Reeves.
The film oughta be Reeves' story -- except the filmmakers, like everyone else, couldn't figure out how the poor guy really died.
Focuses on the story through the eyes of a private detective whose own life is somewhat desperate. Brody is brilliant in the part, he sparks the life into a pretty good script
Imbalanced in the narrative department and oddly staid and static in execution, failing to do dramatic justice to a potentially fascinating story.
[S]uffers from a bad case of narrative kryptonite, leading the story to a dead end conclusion that feels less like a finish and more like the production ran out of film.
Transcends its clumsy title and proves itself a respectable period piece.
To the credit of the director, the writer and the set design team though, Hollywoodland still succeeds, I think, as a minor period piece.
Like its protagonist, Hollywoodland has an easy, sleazy appeal -- a languid descent into the mystery's murky depths.
Adrien Brody can mold a role like the finest potter. Brody takes us through all of Louis' feelings as if he were really living them.
For every Burt Lancaster, there have been thousands of George Reeveses, and Affleck pays them the kind of fond homage -- an offer of limelight -- that they otherwise never get.
A convincing performance by Ben Affleck, but it gets too bogged down in the private life of Brody's unsympathetic character.
Far too long, devoid of pace, lacking effective period ambience, this could have been a cracklingly good mystery had it been in defter hands.
It's almost as if the whole point of the film is to simply ask some challenging questions, but cower out of the answers.
Hollywoodland is worth seeing for anyone who appreciates actors at their apex, plus flawless period music, costumes, and cinematography.
The genius of the movie is the way in which it explores possible explanations for Reeve's death before providing the audience with a bit of Reeves' silent home footage that Louis Simo carefully watches for telling subtext.
A mature and satisfying noir-mystery with Affleck finally redeeming himself in a supporting role.
Ben Affleck exudes sleaziness, Diane Lane is slyly manipulative and Adrien Brody scores as the scummy gumshoe...it's an enigmatic and intriguing tale.
A thoroughly involving modern noir, filled with hard-boiled dialogue and ambiguous characters - plus it proves what a great actor Affleck is!
A polished but puny imitation of yesteryear's detective yarns.
This exploitation of a Hollywood mystery from past times earns its keep with stylish taste and proportion. It goes wrong --way wrong-- only in its length.
The film manages to draw the viewer in by combining a biography with classic elements of mystery, suspense and family drama.
Bernbaum uses the doubt that has swirled around the circumstances of Reeves' death as a framing device that serves to enumerate the other possibilities... but that annoyingly distracts from the most flavorsome and involving matters at hand.
This noir take on George Reeves' death has its high points but doesn't quite fly.
Inspired by the mysterious death of George Reeves (TV's Superman), Coulter's debut is film noir that unfolds in Rashomon-like yarn with alternative theories.
Turns Reeves' life into a multi-layered, gumshoe murder mystery and achieves something altogether unique.










@highlight

More than a movie star murder mystery, Hollywoodland takes it slow in order to reveal the intriguing details of the rise and fall of superstar fame.