A big budget spectacle from the outside looking in, The Hurricane Heist lacks in just about every department.
It's an impressive level of craft brought to bear in the service of nothing more than filling out your lazy Saturday afternoon.
It's not all bad, but it's clear that with a little more talent, ingenuity and audacity it could have been much better. [Full Review in Spanish]
The dopiest weather-related yarn this side of Geostorm.
Maggie Grace is a strong heroine... [Full Review in Spanish]
Atrocious machismo... [Full Review in Spanish]
[Hurricane Heist] doesn't promise much more than ineffective shrapnel and produces an agitated session at the movies. [Full Review in Spanish]
an exceedingly silly, but undeniably entertaining bit of red-meat escapist action fare
It's noisy, incoherent and ridiculous, and not in a fun way. [Full Review in Spanish]
Rob Cohen [...] can surely do better than the terrible CGI, unconvincing tax-break landscapes [...], and wince-making dialogue [...] on display here.
Cheerful trash.
Like staring into the abyss.
Frankly, it's rubbish, but the film's shameless enthusiasm does at least raise a few smiles.
All entirely but watchably absurd, and Kebbell himself carries it off with some style and shows he's got exactly the right leading-man chops.
Unforgivably more boring than bad, this has characters, dialogue and music of a quality that would come free with a make-your-own-action-movie kit, while the special effects are anything but.
Yes, it's a tidal wave of cheesy dialogue, overcooked special effects, preposterous plots, and cardboard cut-out villains, but it's a breeze to watch.
A peanut-butter-in-my-chocolate movie, this Die Hard meets Twister monster is so ludicrous it comes all the way back around to being awesome and hilarious.
It may be a far cry from his biggest hits, but Cohen has created an intoxicatingly silly movie perfect for late-night viewing, and it's one that deserves instant cult status.
Like the sound of a film called 'The Hurricane Heist'? Then you'll probably enjoy The Hurricane Heist.
'The Hurricane Heist' is so bad, it's good.
The Hurricane Heist is a ridiculous movie, but in a way that takes itself completely seriously, which is what makes it great. That's the hallmark of Rob Cohen's genius.
To call The Hurricane Heist a disaster seems unfair to inclement weather. It just blows.
Rarely as much fun as one might've hoped...
Stormy action movie mixes gunplay, disaster-movie peril.
A skillfully made formula flick that in a previous era would have starred someone named Skeet or Keanu.
In many ways, The Hurricane Heist's lack of self-awareness regarding just how dated it feels plays to its advantage.
As absurd and stupid as the movie is, I enjoyed the part where they're bonding over PB&J sandwiches...I enjoyed the progression of the villain...the movie does drag on a bit too long, I'm putting this in my guilty pleasures slot though.
It's like the filmmakers went into the Die Hard Store, stretched out their arms, rolled their eyes back, and bellowed, "Give me eeevvveeeerryything!"
The script is stodgy, the effects absurd. Saddled with shootouts, explosions, and stormy devastation, the film does little more than place cartoonish stereotypes in perilous situations.
More than just a regular 'save the earth' film, this one combines an offbeat plot with some decent special effects to make it an interesting watch.
The most persuasive movie jail parole hearing in years, Rob Cohen's latest is genially goofy action reliant on both strong stunt work and cheerily second-rate visual effects. Whatever pun title you throw its way ("Dante's Leak"?) is out of affection.
It all plays out in a fast and furious manner. For a good time forget the logic and just go with the flow. It is more fun than you expect it to be.
The film never rises to the promise of its awesomely literal title. The stakes are as soggy as the scenery.
A goofy caper almost brisk enough to escape its shortcomings.
This one's just blowing through theaters on its way to streaming services.
Rob Cohen's riotous actioner spectacularly delivers on the promise of satisfying popcorn movie moments.
If our divided country can't come together over a movie this wonderfully terrible, what hope do we really have?
The problem with The Hurricane Heist is not that it's stupid. The problem is that it isn't stupid enough.
Like Reese's Peanut Butter Cups, The Hurricane Heist is two great cinematic tastes that taste great together...Rob Cohen's film ably lives up to its preposterous premise.
One of the dumbest variations of the weather-based action thriller subgenre that I have ever seen.
If the words "hurricane" and "heist" translate into the words "must" and "see", this is the movie for you.
Cohen believes he's being cheeky, but he overshoots B-movie goofiness by a country mile, transforming "The Hurricane Heist" into a test of endurance.
Is it too much to ask that a movie called The Hurricane Heist simply embrace the spectacular silliness of its premise?
Yes, what we get is gleefully stupid, but it's more uneven than it oughta be.
A laughable caper wherein the good guys continually manage to thwart the bad guys through skillful manipulation of a Category 5 hurricane.
We need movies where bad guys try to rob the treasury in the middle of a hurricane as much as we need somber treatises on the state of the world.
An utter excrement storm, from start to finish. With zero laughs, intentional or unintentional to boot.
What [Cohen] doesn't do very well is concoct a good story or create characters that resemble real people, which is why Heist can ... be a bit of a chore.

@highlight

The Hurricane Heist is a throwback to the overblown action thrillers of yesteryear -- and a thoroughly middling example of why they don't make 'em like this anymore.