Competent and too innocent in its own way to strongly dislike, but there also isn't much to push it above mediocrity. There's more substance in cotton candy.
Too bad much crap is needed to be waded through to get to the rather terrifically done finale.
To say this film (and any other dancing competition film) is formulaic is an understatement. However, formalism is entirely forgivable when you look at the marketplace.
...a minor improvement over its almost unwatchable predecessor...
This isn't a very good movie, but it's probably the best of it's kind.
A dance romance with attitude that will fall short if you're expecting fulfillment in the story department.
Standard, well-made, urban dance movie.
Will dance triumph over adversity? Will love between two attractive vacuous actors conquer all?
It's not a little obvious that the Step Up franchise means to keep a Disneyfied hand in the apparently inexorable dance movie cycle.
It suffers from a real lack of charisma, still the dance bits are good.
With a script cut-and-pasted from every other dance movie, this film is shockingly corny.
It suffers from a real lack of charisma, still the dance bits are good.
A robust addition to the street dance sub genre of movies, Step Up 2 The Streets offers plenty of exhilarating routines and a feasible storyline
All of this feverish bending, twirling, twisting and snapping of the body is so infused with attitude, in fact, that it allows the film and its characters to live and breathe in ways that run counter to the movie's otherwise rhythmless script.
Inexplicably, I liked this film more than its predecessor. Wait - let me type that again, just to let the reality sink into my own mind: I actually liked Step Up 2.
This is an average story of a young woman making it on her own. No, I'm not talking about Mary Tyler Moore, I'm talking about Andi, played by Briana Evigan, in "Step Up 2 the Streets," a film that delivers just about what you'd expect.
...a Flashdance wannabe...
It's another of the many dance movies that fifteen years from now may just be admired in the same vein "Krush Groove" and "Breakin'" are...
Electrifying dance elevates an almost boring film.
It's very hard to argue that the dancing falls short, which means that the film at least justifies its own existence.
I can't quite recommend it, but... for a certain demographic why not.
Step Up 2 has only a few points of correlation with its predecessor. It's also probably the single most racist movie that will be released by any major American studio in the first 10 years of the twenty-first century.
give the new movie some credit for being a lot more fun than its namesake
A brainless piece of product that is so utterly devoid of anything not concerned with the idea of separating 12-year-olds from their allowance that it makes the Hannah Montana infomercial/movie seem like "There Will Be Blood" by comparison
The film can't resist the inevitable overstatement.
Promises to hit all the urban-dance hallmarks with sledgehammer intensity.
A worthy sequel--and its soundtrack [is] a worthy download.
I'm not saying it's Stomp the Yard, but it's pretty good.
too afraid of deviating from the typical dance movie formula. And in all honesty, it's not such a great blueprint to bother following anyway.
Only any good when people are dancing.
For all of its ragin' dance moves and rebellious talk, is high-spirited and harmless. An MC at one dance contest declares, "This ain't 'High School Musical'!" Oh, but it is.
Stumbl[es] gracelessly from point A to point B and hitting all the expected notes in the process.
Not exactly the Jets and the Sharks.
Let's wait for a movie where they do get it all right: story, acting and dancing. It'll happen, just not this time.
Chu... doesn't try to do much with a script that rehashes every dance-movie cliché, with people getting served, bringing it on and stomping yards.
The story may be old, but these kids act -- and dance -- as though they are telling it for the first time.
Predictable class conflicts and sanitized keeping-it-real bluster.
Step Up 2 the Streets posits a universe where racial and class differences are minor obstacles to fun and pretends its clichés aren't clichés.
Doesn't measure up.
Undeniably energetic and viscerally satisfying, but emotionally hollow.
Step Up 2 the Streets is the latest of this genre more obsessed with dancing than with a good story, which, despite all the explosive dance routines, results in an unsatisfying experience.
Dance scenes feel like a diversion, since the story, acting and dialogue are sadly lacking in originality and substance.
Reeks of artificiality and phoney emotion.
Completely predictable.
Providing you're not hip-hop- or cliche-averse, see Step Up 2 the Streets with the right expectations and you'll be pleasantly surprised.
The dance has to be good because the rest of the movie is one long cliche.
More flare is needed to make us care about these characters who swoop, spin, and glide.
Somehow Streets is even more loathsome than its predecessor...offers gaudy choreography more reminiscent of a Kenny Ortega masturbation session than awe-inspiring foot magic.
All the scenes where people aren't dancing tend to be forgettable, but the dance sequences are energetically choreographed and performed.
Evigan might have an attractive midriff, but she sometimes starts to give a William Shatner-like delivery of lines with odd pauses and exaggerations.
Why quibble? Anyone who goes to this movie for the plot is insane. It's all about the moves and the bodies putting them on.
Step Up didn't front, but Step Up 2 the Streets is a poseur.
As strictly formulaic as its predecessor, this installment generally gets the job done, essentially resembling a longform music video interrupted by a perfunctory plot.
It doesn't skimp on cool pretzel moves.
A decided step down even from the mediocre original.
Step Up 2 features nearly as much dancing as it does dialogue, and that's a good thing, considering the after-school special quality of its obligatory emotional scenes.
Mindless formulaic fluff with enough booty-shaking charm to qualify as a great guilty pleasure.
Catnaps are an advisable way to survive some of the slow spots. Or, better yet, wait for this to be available on DVD when the fast forward button will turn Step Up 2 into something shorter and more enjoyable.
A finale has the young people all dancing in the rain. Like almost everything else about the movie, it has been done before. But it's still foot-stomping fun.





@highlight

There's a kinetic appeal to the handsome cast and their smooth moves, but everything else about Step Up 2 the Streets is been there, danced that.