Miike has a unique way of making even this historical violence both gross and engrossing.
... Miike's work is impressive... [Full review in Spanish]
As this finale makes clear, Miike is well aware of the conventionality of "13 Assassins" and clearly is comfortable following and continuing its form.
... a superbly executed but straightforward men on a mission film where the increasingly outmoded ideals of duty and honor and meaning through sacrifice are at the heart of the matter.
Mr. Miike has done such a remarkable job with the overall saga and the characters that one can't help but become emotionally invested.
Phenomenally entertaining. A ripping old-school yarn.
Culminates in a riveting, ingeniously plotted, and inventively shot 45-minute battle scene.
Miike shows us the absurdity of war by showing us the thrill of war.
Entirely too long, but the samurai game of cat and mouse, the strategizing, is fascinating.
...a big movie that will overwhelm you with its scope, and it's hard to imagine anyone topping it any time soon.
Consegue combinar uma abordagem mais clássica, tradicional, aos toques de violência bizarra típicas da filmografia de Miike.
13 Assassins evokes a classic filmmaking style sharpened by Takashi Miike's modern energy.
A much fresher experience than would seem likely for such a well-trod genre.
Miike's sadistic fetishization of violence and suffering is nowhere in evidence.
A wildly entertaining blockbuster that should appeal outside the extreme Asian cinema niche market.
I've seen enough of these samurai films to be in a position to say this one could be a considered a classic of the genre.
Though it might look like a Kurosawa film, Miike brings to it a subversive edge of greater proportions.
The excessive mind of Japanese director Takashi Miike (Audition; Ichi the Killer) throttles back the gore to deliver a disciplined, refreshingly grounded samurai action film.
Miike plays it by the age-old rules, and the result, while undeniably entertaining, is unexpectedly tame, at least by Miike standards
The once dormant samurai movie is rejuvenated in 13 Assassins, a spirited and violent romp which delves into the honour and savagery of samurai ideology.
13 Assassins looks at honour from many angles, without becoming simplistic. Ichii hasn't lost his edge after all.
I was engrossed by this film because it had tactics, strategy and characterisation.
It doesn't feel like the tour de force it should be.
The sense of loss, of waste, for a society, a culture, is just heartbreaking. That feeling is something special in a 21st century action picture.
It pounds with blood-drenched action, but director Takashi Miike also offers up a thoughtful exploration of honour and loyalty.
There are many deft touches, a sprinkling of humour and a great deal of grunting and shouting as men clash in hand to hand combat. But the supporting premise that this is a good fight to rid the world of an evil man gives the action moral traction
Filmed with inspiration from Akira Kurosawa's Seven Samurai, Takashi Miike delves into his nation's past to create a noble movie that will please fight fans but gives so much more thanks to a compelling story.
While the characterisations are sometimes lacking, the swordplay never is.
The action and spectacle in this film is outstanding making it one of Miike's best films to date.
This is a gorgeous, technically flawless production, with a subversive bent I wasn't expecting.
A remake of a classic film that is a classic on its own terms. Miike's battleground choreography in the final 20 minutes or so is cinema at its most sublime, a ballet of cruelty second to none.
The grandiose concluding sequence is not staged with finesse or subtlety, but with brutal finality. It is the Japanese samurai film equivalent of a barroom brawl on an epic scale, and the violence is punishing.
It's an incredibly violent, insanely entertaining movie that features scores of baddies getting killed by sword, arrow, knife, boiling oil, even a stampede of bulls. Wait, check that. Not just bulls. Flaming bulls.
Familiar though it may be, as samurai movies go, 13 Assassins" is a killer.
This slam-bang remake of a 1963 feature by Eichi Kudo builds slowly, accumulating characters and themes, then explodes into a prolonged and masterful battle sequence inside a deserted town.
One can pinpoint the exact moment when 13 Assassins transforms from vivid samurai drama to insane work of genius.
If you love action or samurai movies you cannot miss this film. To adapt Spinal Tap's line, this one turns it up to 13.
If you can handle the blood, it's a very satisfying tale of vengeance and honor.
Miike may have classed things up, but he certainly hasn't sold out.
Epic. Unforgettable. Relentless. Magnificently entertaining.
Though 13 Assassins' setup could stand some tightening, it's all necessary prelude to a spectacular, action-packed final hour where all hell breaks loose and the streets and rooftops flow with blood.
Miike's movie is a creditable attempt at a chanbara and he takes the genre seriously
Too much of a good thing - that's Miike's trademark.
13 Assassins may well be the most wholly accomplished and satisfying film to come our way all year.
The 13th assassin, an uncouth mountain man, offers a critique of his noble companions -- and of the code-of-duty genre he finds himself occupying -- when he comments: 'Do only samurai matter in this world?'
It absolutely, undeniably delivers the goods. And those goods are soaked in blood.
The final 40-plus minutes are bananas.
Does Guinness World Records have an entry for longest on-screen fight? If it doesn't, Takashi Miike's "13 Assassins" just set it. And if a record actually exists, Miike's film just broke it.
The dialectic about duty may not translate to a modern Western audience, but the savage sword-fighting is to die for.
"13 Assassins" has what many action pictures need, a villain who transcends evil and ascends to a realm of barbaric madness.
... a subversive, action-packed, beautifully crafted samurai revenge epic ... climaxes in a 40-minute pitched battle that utilizes sword, arrow, spear, slingshot and ‒ here's a new one ‒ burning bull.
A richly cathartic experience with a wide range of emotional colors.
13 Assassins is a savage, insane movie - in the best way possible.
... the main attraction here is the big battle, for both its wild swordplay and the endless variety of clever devices and strategies the samurai come up with to even their odds against [the villains'] overwhelming numeric superiority.
Cuts its way through a familiar samurai story.
It's as if Miike wished to add his name to the list of old-time, classical action directors, alongside the likes of Robert Aldrich or Sam Peckinpah.
The film really isn't much like anything else. It's also likely to land on the shortlist of the year's best.
Underneath the mayhem? Miike's surprisingly thoughtful critique of the samurai culture and the honor code that gave a society structure and meaning, but not justice, or a way forward.
A film, like so many samurai stories (and American westerns) about brotherhood, justice and sacrifice, 13 Assassins is, at turns, thrilling and funny, visually exquisite and emotionally charged.
Miike's magisterial craftsmanship is beyond doubt as he sets up another complex study of violence and its implications.
13 Assassins may look like another classic samurai film in the old-school tradition, but it is to Kurosawa's genre classics what Sam Peckinpah's westerns were to John Huston's.
Kinetic film-making of a high order.
13 Assassins builds into a decent action-fest.
Miike directs the "village of death" battle with an astonishing relentlessness: just when you think you've seen the last bout of flesh-skewering, he tips another bloody bucket of slaughter into the mix.
It takes a while to hit its stride but when 13 Assassins finds its groove, this magically turns into one of the most memorable - and shocking - action films in an absolute age.
What's special about 13 Assassins is a 45-minute battle scene in which 13 heroic warriors take on the vastly superior army of a wickedly sadistic Shogun lord.
It suffers from an inordinately protracted middle section that should have been half an hour shorter, but turns into the kind of bloodbath you would expect from Tarantino.
13 Assassins musters nearly twice as many swordsmen as Kurosawa's Seven Samurai and is about two-thirds as good, although it delivers the requisite genre thrills.
Epic in scope, ambition, and execution, it's a classic swords-and-samurai film with postmodern blood and guts, and it's completely satisfying.
Pays off thrillingly with a virtuoso 45-minute bloodbath you won't easily forget.
It's a Miike film that for once can be recommended without caveats, boldly treading new ground but also taking stock of what's come before and not rejecting it outright.
Miike's magnificent 13 mark both the end of an era and the boundary of a genre.
Impressively directed, sharply written and superbly acted, this is an emotionally engaging samurai drama that builds to a thrilling climactic showdown lasting a full 45 minutes.
The controlled set-up effectively explores notions of honour and servitude in a time when the bushido era was drawing to a close, before giving way to a terrific, 40-minute climax that's sheer martial artistry in all its mud-and blood-splattered glory.
"I thought samurai would be fun but you bore me," says one character. I'm afraid that, after two hours, I agree, though the action is fairly well done if you like that sort of thing.
Nearly every image is memorable: it is hard to pick out the most mind-blowing.
A devoutly classical, if not exactly classic, remake of a 1963 period samurai film.
The action is intense, inventive and vastly compelling with enough twists and turns to keep your attention throughout.
The 45 minutes of unrelenting carnage that conclude 13 Assassins are as crimson-soaked as fans would expect. And yet this tale is also moving.
The film is built as a long crescendo, opening at a level of considered, Zen-like reflection and ending with a prolonged cacophony of elaborate, town-wide annihilation.
A decent historical drama, with one of the best extended battle scenes (a full half of the movie is the face-off in the 'village of death') in recent memory.
I kind of love this movie.
Has a mixture of bloodletting and exultation that would make Sam Peckinpah sit up in his grave and howl with pleasure.
The two halves of 13 Assassins are as finely balanced as one of the samurai swords from its grand, limb-lopping LOL-fest of a finale.
13 Assassins is reliably entertaining, but ultimately it's too traditional to be a classic.
Japanese provocateur Takashi Miike plays it relatively straight in this samurai film, which pits 13 hired warriors against a sadistic aristocrat and his 200-man army.
13 Assassins doesn't quite reinvent the wheel, but it certainly reminds us how cool it looks spinning down the highway.
The great thing, typically, about a Takashi Miike film is that there's no such thing as a typical Takashi Miike film.
Try the entire last 40 minutes of the movie. It's sort of like being on one of those theme park rides that spins you around until you're dizzy and out of breath, only this one shoots a firehose of blood into your face while you're on it.
The "town of death" sequence, which takes up nearly the second half of the film, ranks among the great action set-pieces ever filmed.
'13 Assassins' should attract action fans, but others may find the straightforward plot unexceptional and the lack of impish outré a letdown from Miike's signature work.
"13 Assassins" is a must-see for Miike's passionate legion of fans. But even action buffs who've never seen any of his films before will be drawn in by this masterful exercise in cinematic butchery.
For all its bloodshed and mayhem, 13 Assassins is one of the most joyously energetic and exciting movies I've seen in the last year, and maybe even the last two years.
A classic samurai movie, right up there among the finest in the genre.
"13 Assassins" isn't just an action adventure with horror credentials, but a study in criminal pathology.
There will be blood, rivers of it, in point of fact. 13 Assassins is Miike's bid for a jewel on Akira Kurosawa's crown, and as such, it's an audacious attempt that turns out to be his most stylistically formal film to date.
A stirring, unexpectedly moving story of love and blood...
No one who has seen Seven Samurai will be surprised by the trajectory and outcome of Takashi Miike's 13 Assassins, but that doesn't necessarily mean that there aren't plenty of surprises and enormous thrills to be found within
Takashi Miike's samurai adventure 13 Assassins is so beautifully made, it could serve as a model for contemporary American action films.
Visually spectacular, with wide-screen cinematography from Nobuyasu Kita, impressive, full-scale sets and special effects and exhausting, immersive action scenes, "13 Assassins" is pretty nearly the samurai classic it sets out to become.
If you like movies where tension mounts behind stern scowls and muted cries for justice until the very screen explodes with ballistic force, Takashi Miike's 13 Assassins is for you.
13 Assassins is an epic masterpiece.
Once the Seven-Samurai-style band of brothers is assembled, 13 Assassins is pure pleasure: and it culminates in a magnificent 45-minute showdown that has to be the best final battle sequence in cinema since, oh, Kill Bill at least.
If Miike had to make all of his other flicks to get to this brilliant catharsis, it was worth it.
Takashi Miike's masterwork, the type of grand filmmaking we've always come to expect from him and the film that should get him taken more seriously among cinephiles and mainstream movie fans alike.
Surprisingly few surprises in this classic samurai costumer from Japan's dark iconoclast Takeshi Miike.
Perhaps something important was spirited away with the 20 minutes of footage shorn for this U.S. release, but the combatants are scarcely distinguishable here even before disappearing under layers of mud and guts.
There is plenty of blood in 13 Assassins, but Miike quietly builds his characters and their dilemmas, leading up to a grand spectacle of swordplay that includes a whopping 45 minute action finale.
That tension between a servant's duty and moral responsibility forms the crux of 13 Assassins, and proves a standard dynamic that Miike handles without subversive humor or irony.
It shows that Takashi could be a great filmmaker if he'd only slow down.
13 Assassins single-handedly revitalises the samurai film, taking it to new heights with incomparable style and excitement. Make all possible haste to see this grand-scale epic on the biggest screen you can find.
A perfectly staged orgy of gushing wounds and grunts, allowing Miike a chance to storm the screen with visual heft, leaving the picture in a winded, but utterly satisfied state.
13 Assassins raises such provocative questions about duty and honor and violence that it challenges the morality of its own action sequences.
Thrilling, nightmarish -- and, yes, awesome.
...a big movie that will overwhelm you with its scope...
The last hour is a wildly entertaining orgy of swords, blood, fire and mud that goes on longer than it probably should, and yet never gets tiresome.
The rousing finale, along with heavy thematic questions about the samurai code of loyalty and moments of levity, make it well worth the wait.
... a kind of outlaw The Seven Samurai by way of The Dirty Dozen set at the sunset of the Shogunate and the samurai era, is a startlingly traditional samurai action piece...
It's a Takashi Miike movie for people who thought they didn't have the stomach for those, a handsomely mounted samurai adventure that rewards the patient viewer with a rock-'em-sock-'em finale worthy of a Saturday afternoon matinee.
One suspects the slash-and-burn Miike of old might have scoffed at [13 Assassins].
Wildly kinetic actioner possesses a cool classicism.



@highlight

Takashi Miike's electric remake of Eiichi Kudo's 1963 period action film is a wild spectacle executed with killer, dizzying panache.