Banks is criminally underused as Haggis concentrates on following John through a series of increasingly preposterous situations.
It would have been far more compelling with a stronger actress but, truth be told, the ending started off anti-climactic then concluded very predictable.
This is Crowe's movie to carry and he does it with an earthy realism that reminds of the actor he is beneath the persona.
The Next Three Days is kind of a throwback to the classic action movies Hollywood put out in the mid-nineties - the 'one man versus the world' era of thrillers, in which lantern-jawed heroes fight to save their family against improbable odds
It's the kind of edge of your seat thriller that leaves you in constant suspense of how the situation will resolve.
Even with an actor of Crowe's skill, it's hard to believe the mild, thoughtful John would take to the mean streets of Pittsburgh for fake IDs, blast his way into drug houses and such.
Managing to overcome the contrivances and implausibilities of the storyline, The Next Three Days succeeds through the sheer verisimilitude of the performances and direction.
...The most effective scenes employ the Hitchcockian maxim that you can show a couple kissing for as long as you like provided there's a bomb under the bed. Haggis has plenty of bombs and plenty of beds to put them under.
If it didn't feel like the movie took three days to get through, this could have been a pretty good thriller.
If I actually gave out star ratings or numerical scores, this one would be right on the fine line between pass and fail.
This movie is from fancy Oscar-winning director Paul Haggis. In other words, you're supposed to take it all as seriously as he does. You may find that challenging.
The suspense isn't just dramatic. It's emotional.
Occasionally preposterous and bogged down by Haggis' usual lack of subtlety, but the film is also captivating and energetic, particularly during the thrilling final act.
Haggis somehow pulls off a delicate balancing act -- a gravity-bound fantasy scenario -- showing us John's desperate, dark, human need while playing out made-for-movie scenes.
Although no hidden gem, Russell Crowe certainly could've done much worse than filling Mel Gibson's family-man-of-action shoes. And Paul Haggis thankfully shelves his sociology-degree sermonizing for this pure-pulp prison-break thriller.
The bulk of The Next Three Days consists of the build-up to the escape plan, which is probably just as well since this is a thriller surprisingly light on thrills.
Solid performances, beautiful camerawork. It just would've been nice if they'd included some more twists and turns in the otherwise decent script
Groans under the weight of director Paul Haggis' determination to transform a potentially gripping thriller into a meaningful 'human drama'...
The film lacks a sense of inquiry, whether it's into the psychology of the characters or into the nature of the society that's wrongfully judged this woman.
Perhaps best viewed when it hits DVD, and you can hit the fast-forward button as you see fit.
There are a few moments which seem a little too neat but on the whole, this is a tense thriller that doesn't always choose the well-trodden path.
A taut yet hopeful film that brings some credibility into the newest of film debates.
A good story well told: solid, meticulously crafted, with that similar, slightly old-fashioned feeling you got from watching a film like Salt.
It's an all-consuming task, and Crowe makes this obsessiveness plausible.
This is a terrific film with a final reel guaranteed to have you digging your fingers into your armrest.
A sumptuous study of grief, ineptitude and desperation, and whilst it might run a little long, it's a decidedly brutal and startlingly human film
Crowe misfires again in Hollywood remake.
While the performances are solid and there are a handful of truly suspenseful moments, this thriller fails to rise above the formula.
It's not your average escape movie, in fact you wouldn't put that label on it,"
As the film turns from drama to action thriller, things start to sizzle and there are some genuinely exciting moments
Haggis [has] padded the film out with more action, but every extra minute makes the film an extra bit implausible.
Neither Crowe nor Banks matches the levels of determination and despair that Vincent Lindon and Diane Kruger brought to the same roles in the original film.
[Crowe] gives his best, most sympathetic performance in years in the corking thriller The Next Three Days.
Crowe boring, Banks miscast, script awful, me no likey.
Unlike many regular thrillers, there is no comedy or cynicism to counterweight the absurdity, and not much actual excitement either.
A long, slow-moving, unthrilling thriller about a teacher who decides to help his wife, unjustly convicted of murder, escape from prison.
Occasionally tense middlebrow thriller that lacks both the set pieces needed to really ramp up the tension and the subtlety to make you care much about the characters.
There will be no surprises if you've seen the original. But other cinema-goers could well be on the edge of their seats as the gripping, if far-fetched, events unfold.
Good fun for the last 90 minutes. Take a sandwich for the first 40.
Far-fetched yet inescapably engrossing and often seat-squeezingly tense, The Next Three Days is rip-roaring guff.
Enlivened by strong performances from Russell Crowe and Elizabeth Banks, though it's not quite as gripping or as emotionally engaging as the original film and loses points for being half an hour longer.
In the third act, both Haggis and his actors kick it into high gear, leading to a breathless chase sequence, the outcome of which is unpredictable to the last moments.
Haggis skilfully writes and directs, using a sleek visual style while smoothing out the original version's plot holes
Hats off to Paul Haggis. He's got to be the first person to do a Hollywood remake of a foreign movie that turns out to be MORE waffly.
Okay, but it lacks conviction.
Rock solid thrills and spills. Don't get comfy - this is edge-of-the-seat stuff.
The Next Three Days is perfunctory fare that seems to last almost as long as its title.
A laborious thriller that lacks wit, intelligence, and, most unforgivably, thrills, The Next Three Days continues the steady decline of Crowe's career.
Paul Haggis ('In the Valley of Elah') manages to make this American adaptation of Fred Cavaye's 'Pour Elle' an engaging film
A kind of escape procedural, with director Paul Haggis delivering a host of interesting details about lock-picking and the faking of passports.
full review at Movies for the Masses
Haggis struggles to make his presence felt over ludicrous thrills, but Crowe is superb and the entertainment factor high.
Russell Crowe delivers another superb, undersung performance in 'The Next Three Days,' a remake of a French thriller in which a husband will stop at nothing to free his wife from imprisonment.
The restaurant-set introduction is a little clunky, and it may be a little overlong (with too many supporting characters), but overall Haggis' film is a competent thriller, subtly directed and well acted.
The Next Three Days tried my patience and drove me up a wall, and the only break I cared about was the one I was going to make for the exit as soon as it was over.
I had a lot of fun watching this clever, polished, well-acted caper.
Is The Next Three Days implausible? You betcha. Tell that to the magnetic stars, the smart screenplay and the impassioned direction by Paul Haggis.
John needs to move on and leave Lara behind as the Next Three Days felt like three years.
too willing to conceded complexities for more reliable Hollywood thrills
John's not Keyser Söze, but John does have a self-certainty and aptitude for rationalization and moral relativism that make him just a little creepy.
It suffers from a pretty far-fetched premise...but it's is not as heavy-handed or preachy as Crash. Part of that credit goes to Crowe, who is so good he could inject a believable amount of humanity into a floor lamp.
Audiences may roll an eye here or there, but they're unlikely to lose interest in John's efforts.
A lot of illogic can be put aside if the excitement of the thrills is great enough to overcome the carps and if the players earn your unrelieved concern for them and the outcome of their travails.
The first half is a psychological study and the last half is an action thriller - both halves work.
A drama that leads into a thriller.
There could have been ample room for satire here, but writer-director Paul Haggis wouldn't know a cinematic sense of humor if it rammed his car on the freeway.
The Next Three Days is so successful in its unassuming, violent way that it's tempting to advise Haggis to only adapt other writers' work from now on.
In its final half-hour, all the stops are pulled. The movie is still wildly implausible but at least it's hurtling forward.
The movie is a caper without playfulness or wit -- it's accomplished but not much fun.
Paul Haggis defies convention and avoids cliché with a smart script that's at once thrilling and romantic.
If the misleading teaser trailers tempt you to watch this preposterous no-brainer, wait patiently for the redbox DVD at a cheap $1 rental fee.
John's not Keyser Söze, but John does have a self-certainty and aptitude for rationalization and moral relativism that make him just a little creepy.
Crowe proves he can still play an ordinary man and after a slow burn, this film picks up the pace for an insanely exciting finish.
In the end, you get a thriller that's basically about nothing and not that thrilling. This is a product made to place in theaters like a can of Del Monte Sliced Peaches is manufactured for a grocery shelf.
It mostly works, but Haggis is more a director of ideas than instinct, and he's simply not skilled at this kind of pure suspense.
The Next Three Days is a popcorn thriller through and through. Unfortunately, it's also painfully boring.
Haggis knows that the question isn't only can he do it, but should he?
what should be tension more closely resembles air being let slowly out of a balloon
The thriller works better when viewed as a love story.
It's fun while it lasts, and when it's over, you'll move on to the next three movies.
It's really, really stupid but in the best 'so crazy I can't believe it's a movie' way... I'm especially surprised that Crowe and Haggis made this. They're usually so serious but it seems they just went WTF.
Despite prominent pacing problems and an ending that goes on for too long, The Three Next Days works well as a character piece due to the solid performances by the cast.
It's laughably, eye-rollingly absurd, so you don't watch it and wonder, "Hey, why not?" You endure it and wonder, "So ... why did they do that?"
It seems impossible that such a naïf could pull this off, especially when there's a cop (Jason Beghe) who senses something fishy about him early on.
An okay thriller with lots of smart flourishes, The Next Three Days has us hooked early on but never quite gets us in the boat
Faults and all, The Next Three Days is a pleasant surprise this fall -- a thriller that moves us while steering clear of the action cliches.
Not much more than a meticulously detailed, very long instructional video.
Suspenseful if not wholly believable, the main problem with The Next Three Days is it lasts about a half day too long.
The characters are so vivid that the suspense never lags.
The last 30 minutes are damnably tense
The tension is palpable. Writer/director Paul Haggis twists expected plot solutions in unexpected ways, and the movie is highly entertaining.
The biggest crime isn't the husband's attempt to steal his wife from jail. It's that with Paul Haggis' remake of the taut French thriller Pour Elle, the story's been robbed of its bite.
One of the rare remakes that improves upon the original, THE NEXT THREE DAYS is a fun, exciting thriller in the vein of THE FUGITIVE and FRANTIC. Crowe & Banks are phenomenal.
...succeeds as both an introspective drama and a high-octane thriller.
It makes you wonder why the Crash director bothers with shades of gray when his simple-minded movies can really only see in black and white.
By the end it is like watching Haggis reconsider choices made along the way and absolving himself for not knowing when a thriller just needs to be a thriller and the metaphors can be left to the real teachers.
In the end, it's a satisfying thriller with crisp action sequences, once it gets around to that part of Haggis' story-telling agenda.
Paul Haggis gets us so engrossed watching the gears slowly mesh in his prison-break drama The Next Three Days, it's disconcerting when the machine finally clanks noisily into action.
Alas, Haggis' commitment to bringing out the truth of the premise turns the "The Next Three Days" into a downbeat film.
By the way, all of you Liam Neeson fans will want your money back when it turns out he's in one scene.
I didn't buy how "The Next Three Days" plays out -- but I almost bought it, and that's good enough for a thriller.
It plods along dutifully, with the occasional zigzag into contrivance, tidy coincidence and outright preposterousness.
Paul Haggis loses his way in a labored prison escape drama that never recovers from a serious miscalculation midway through and then goes completely off the rails.
Haggis gets us efficiently from one place to the next, it's well-designed and the cast is solid. It's his script -- the ground beneath their feet -- that is shaky.
It has some interesting things going for it, but it's too long and unfocused, leaving you wondering what attracted director Paul Haggis to this story in the first place.
Crisply acted, smartly directed and patently absurd, The Next Three Days is a high-tension thriller wound so tight it seems ready to snap like a stressed guitar string at any minute.
Haggis has a case of tunnel-vision in The Next Three Days, a sense that nothing extraneously lofty will get in the way.
A bomb in no uncertain terms, an ill-formed, stupidly plotted, morally unclean thriller.
Another prison drama, Paul Haggis' blandly titled "The Next Three Days' is a remake of a far-fetched recent French hit and a movie only the gullible, or the French, could swallow.
It swings between being a whodunit and a guns-blazing romp. By film's end, you may not be sure what it is, either.
Haggis seems obsessed with making sure we "get it" in every scene. You can almost feel the hammer poised right above your head to pound the point home. Beyond that, the film is too long on exposition in some places, too short in others, never just right.
Haggis manages to ... deliver a moving, exciting film that also just so happens to be a veritable how-to guide for breaking out of prison.
The Next Three Days wants to be clever. It wants to be taut and suspenseful, tricky and exciting. To be fair, the movie manages to conjure small moments of all those things. But by the end, it's succeeded at none of them.
It's fun to watch the methodical way this novice plans and executes his daring scheme ... fun enough that most of us will put our reservations on hold.
Haggis lets a tantalizing sliver of doubt toward Lara's innocence linger, leaving open the possibility that John is a love-struck fool rather than an avatar of faithful spousehood. And then it gets dumb.
The Next Three Days offers enough suspense to make it worth the price of admission.
Mr. Haggis deserves props for shattering the myth that all Prius drivers are good. But his movie wears you down while it's whipping you up.
It's a cool, engrossing thriller; intelligent, packed with shivering suspense, populated with marvelous characters and (unless you've seen the French original, "Pour Elle") impressively unpredictable.
One thing's for certain: "The Next Three Days" was not made because somebody involved had a story to tell.
Crowe and Banks actually make "The Next Three Days" work better than it deserves to; its pacing is off, and things don't really get moving until the final, electric half-hour or so.
The Next Three Days is genre fare -- no pretensions, no nonsense.
One of the best movies of the year.
A name filmmaker and star trying with all their might to pump a slender genre flick into an Oscar-caliber action-drama -- and failing.
It's quite a suspenseful ride and Elizabeth Banks gives a passionately ambiguous performance...
Meandering and a little silly
Ultimately, the film sinks due to pacing issues, some truly manipulative storytelling and a whole bunch of glaring plot holes
While it's a relief to see Haggis not preaching about, say, the evils of racism, he doesn't wholly embrace the genre assignment, which leaves him perpetually a beat or two behind.
It's hard for Haggis to make the jump to thriller hyperspace after the stodgy opening acts. And when it does go jailbreak on us, it does so unconvincingly.
The plot is worked out with care, and it takes its time, unapologetically, in a manner that's perfectly suited to thinking adults. The whole enterprise reeks of class.
It's damn hard to enjoy a thriller when you don't, won't, can't believe a word of it.
Everything hinges on Crowe, who delivers his most appealing performance in years.
Despite Crowe's indisputable ability to transform himself and dig deep for every character he plays, we never get a sense of whether crafting this plot weighs on John's conscience.
[I]t should be ridiculous... But Russell Crowe makes it work in ways that far exceed any expectations we should honestly have for such a preposterous potboiler of a concept.
...watching Haggis simply work the pulses, guts and adrenal glands of the audience is decidedly more pleasant than having him clamber into our laps to appeal to our hearts, minds and souls.
Comes across as borderline absurd...really needs to be tauter in order to paper over the plot holes and logical lapses.
Terrific performances plus clever and suspenseful twists you never see coming.
Ambiguous, heavy-handed morality tale with a pretentious plot that's implausible.
As a writer, Haggis hasn't met a roadblock he can resist, which puts him at odds with a directorial side that's perfectly capable of cranking out a serviceable chase picture.
Thrillers don't need to be 100 percent believable, but staying above 10 percent usually helps.
Consistently entertaining, the picture nevertheless has a nasty habit of wandering aimlessly, disrupting the visceral extravaganza at hand.
This remake of the 2008 French thriller Pour Elle is a half-hour longer, less suspenseful and hobbled by a slacker pace.
The movie is a competent thriller, but maybe could have been more.
Takes what should be a rousing thriller and turns it into a plodding bore.
Redeeming itself with its zippy climax, "The Next Three Days" finally works by avoiding self-importance...Haggis has made the most watchable movie of his career. That's not saying much, but it's still saying something.
An implausible exercise in contrivance and bogus irony. A well-acted one, however...
Middlebrow sensibility and heavyhanded touch define Paul Haggis version of the far superior French thriller, and his lack of technical skills in staging action sequences makes the film even weaker.
The movie's real strength ... is generating escalating waves of plot tension and misdirection as John, heeding advice, makes his jail-busting moves.
At a recent screening, I was amused by the audience laughing at several moments on screen that didn't seem intended as comic relief. I'm guessing they were desperate for something to enjoy.
The story started off as France's Anything for Her, itself an absurd effort. But it's been given a special patina of self-seriousness by Crash's Paul Haggis, who adapted the script and directs.
The central plot is beautifully simple. The problem is, it takes an awfully long time to get there.
A well-acted but conventional jailbreak story.
Like his lumpy protagonist, Haggis... too confidently assumes viewers are as quick to abandon sense and logic.
Russell Crowe's the whole show in a thriller about a professor who needs to breaks his wife out of jail.
A high-octane thriller that plunges you headlong on a thrill-a-minute roller coaster ride where a desperate man's conscience is your only guide.
Writer/director Paul "In the Valley of Elah" Haggis's prison break drama is so full of plot holes that it defies all suspension of disbelief.
A compelling thriller directed by Paul Haggis on the ethical decision of a husband to break the law in order to right an injustice to his wife.
Unlike Conviction, this film opts out of DNA/exoneration heartbreak as a triumphant dramatic tool, and goes directly for the post-9/11 paranoia, righteously rebellious jugular instead. So is one man's terrorist another man's Russell Crowe? You bet.
To get anything out of this overlong, underwhelming nonsense, think of it as a blow against the wimpification of the American male.
The Next Three Days refuses to puff up its action with message-movie sermonizing.
Haggis stages an emotional, tense ride.
What was briskly diverting in the original has been rather laboriously overworked, and the film's attempt to draw out the moral stakes never addresses the material's basic, surface-level implausibility.
Although involving, this remake of a recent French film never reaches the anticipated heights of excitement and suspense.
Two acts of muddled character study and a final act that's a taut, extended cat-and-mouse chase: This is what awaits viewers in The Next Three Days.



@highlight

Russell Crowe and Elizabeth Banks give it their all, but their solid performances aren't quite enough to compensate for The Next Three Days ' uneven pace and implausible plot.