Obviously made on a low, low budget with many non-actors, this is nevertheless often visually gorgeous and feels painfully real.
Structural neatness is not simply an interpretive shortcut, but a token of Sissako's adroitness at pivoting between individual dramas and the overarching social and political systems to which they are so inextricably bound.
For a century or more the name Timbuktu has been shorthand for an impossibly remote exoticism, at least to Western ears, but with clarity and compassion Sissako dissolves any barriers to understanding, and insists on common cause.
Calling Sissako a brilliant filmmaker is an understatement.
Timbuktu is a film that should resonate for a long time to come.
A haunting warning cry from a great North African director about the jihadi invasion of Mali, Timbuktu is a message the rest of the world can't afford to ignore.
Abderrahmane Sissako can no longer be called one of the greatest African directors of our time; he has become, simply, one of the greatest directors of our time.
Suffers from a certain reductionism with respect to the jihadists but then again that is to be expected in an epoch when Islam is a dirty word almost universally. Could have been better but still worth seeing.
'Timbuktu' startles by acknowledging the humanity of jihadists, even as it tacitly condemns their dogmas and especially their violence.
Sissako doesn't get trapped in mockery, and it says a lot that a tone of ruefulness prevails.
Timbuktu, the thoughtful, Oscar-nominated foreign-language feature from Mauritania's superb filmmaker, Abderrahmane Sissako, is set in a confined, austere, sub-Saharan desert town with little resemblance to the metropolis of myth.
Abderrahmane Sissako, perhaps the most influential African filmmaker working today, delivers in his Oscar-nominated Timbuktu a message the world needs to hear right this minute: Most Muslims don't like jihadists, either.
It's skilful, sardonic, honourably humane. Are those qualities, today, enough?
The first thing a viewer notices about Malian filmmaker Abderrahmane Sissako's Timbuktu... is how beautiful it is, given its grim subject matter -- the occupation of the ancient West African region on the edge of the Sahara by jihadis.
Sissako, who always has balanced his social conscience with a stridently comic sensibility, frames the Islamists as figures of fear, but also of mockery.
We're left with a haunting look into daily life under the reign of militant Islam, with a depth absent in American depictions of the struggle.
Sissako's powerful film proves that Timbuktu's problems, far from being remote, are pretty much at the centre of the world's most urgent issues right now.
Beautifully shot and subtly persuasive.
The imposition of a brutal jihadist regime is relayed with formidable articulacy and a surprising lightness of touch in this gut-wrenching drama from Mauritanian director Abderrahmane Sissako.
For a film that makes you sick with dread, Timbuktu has a light, at times glancing touch.
Part fable, part damning exposé, Abderrahmane Sissako's Timbuktu regards a world of tyranny with an eye both sympathetic and resigned.
This is a surprisingly gentle movie, a film that lets us understand where all its characters are coming from, not just its heroes.
For Westerners living with the specter of ISIS, this presents a very different, far more immediate experience of terror.
Mauritanian director Abderrahmane Sissako's new, Oscar-nominated film, Timbuktu, is a gorgeously simple take on a madly complex subject: the 2012 descent of Islamist militants upon Mali.
A comparatively simple story may keep Timbuktu from reaching all-time status in films of its type, but it is still a film worth seeing.
A mesmerizing political tone film of our times about intolerant Islamic fundamentalist taking control of a Muslim community in Timbuktu.
The movie makes sure to never forget that these are all people, stupid, flawed people; the banality of evil is so prevalent here that you'll occasionally laugh just to keep from cry.
What makes it so unusually compelling as a protest film is that it's also a richly poetic work of cinema - witty, beautiful and even, sobering though it is, highly entertaining.
Visually surprising to all the surroundings..forcing us to see it from a new perspective and ignoring the routine and what is familiar.
This is a film in which small pieces stand in for a daunting and horrifying whole.
What we end up with is a film that adeptly meshes political anger with strong traditional narratives.
A film that's guaranteed to resonate for years to come.
Sissako's film offers a fearlessly poetic response to the jihadist occupation; its tone is never preachy and it is beautiful to watch.
Seldom has a film about a subject as grim as this been so generous in its sympathy not just for the victims of a brutal system, but also the oppressors, often confused befuddled souls, who know not what they do.
There are few filmmakers alive today wearing a mantle of moral authority comparable to that which Sissako has taken upon himself, and if his film has been met with an extraordinary amount of acclaim, it is because he manages to wear this mantle lightly.
It has some of the same comic absurdism that ran through Chris Morris's Four Lions, but the satire is combined with lyricism and a sense of mounting tragedy.
Abderrahmane Sissako watches as traditional life, in harmony with a beautiful landscape, is destroyed by the invaders' rules and Sharia.
Sissako creates an interrelated series of characters and tableaux giving us scenes from the life of a traumatised nation.
Exceptional human filmmaking.
It is a film suffused with compassion as it celebrates the inner strength and quiet defiance of individuals at the mercy of a world where a shared humanity becomes the first casualty when intolerance and hatred take hold.
Shot with a brilliant eye for composition by Sofian El Fani, Timbuktu is an essential work; it's a vital plea for understanding, compassion and peace that is marked by a deep wisdom and humanity.
A lovely if sad story of contrasts one will not soon forget.
... a better distillation of the struggle between freedom of expression and the urge to repress than any documentary collage of talking heads and archival footage could ever be ... a song of fury, a lyrical and forceful indictment of the enemies of joy.
...Sissako's film takes place on a simple, human scale that contrasts the absurdities of the militants' penchant for extreme and abstract values with the human scale of the villagers' lives.
Director Abderrahmane Sissako, a Muslim from neighboring Mauritania, has made a movie that is worthy of comparisons on several levels to Terrence Malick's wheat-field tragedy "Days of Heaven."
Wants us to slow down and think about what we're seeing.
The performances are hushed and memorable. Cinematographer Sofian El Fanicaptures the beauty of this desert land. Amine Bouhafa's score is its own act of gorgeous grace and defiance.
The film is a magnificent document of secular humanism.
Well made, well told story, complete with humor
Even though the atrocities committed by radical jihadists dominate the headlines and airwaves, few in the West know what it's like to live under their reign. Timbuktu...is a moving, haunting and beautifully shot peek behind the closed cultural curtain.
A piercingly relevant study of life under the rule of Islamic jihadists.
What sticks with you in writer-director Abderrahmane Sissako's devastating portrait of brutal, didactic rule is the indestructibility of the human spirit.
... a sharply observed yet sensitively rendered examination of patriarchal society and religious extremism that doesn't resort to heavy-handed political posturing.
This is the clash of ancient and modern, of rulers and ruled, of rabid dogma and the joys of daily life. It is a portrait of the ugly folly of imposed ideology, a too-common condition for far too many.
A transcendent political poem as intellectually rigorous as it is beautiful.
Jihadism is perpetually ablaze in the news, but the Mauritanian movie Timbuktu, a nominee for the best foreign film Oscar, gives those who suffer its condemnations a searingly human face.
Sissako achieves the daunting task of humanizing the villains by playing on audience expectations and preconceptions.
An emerging star in African and world cinema, [Sissako] is a talent every film lover should note.
"Timbuktu" is culturally deep, visually ravishing, utterly heartbreaking work.
There's no oasis to be found in this film's arid landscape. Peaceful co-existence is just a mirage.
Timbuktu is a transfixing meditation on faith, occupation, and man's fallacies in the face of God. Abderrahmane Sissako presents an unnerving situation and elevates it into a fascinating microcosm.
Rather than shock, Sissako envelops us in a heavy sadness as beauty and happiness is destroyed by the same species who had created it...
A masterful and heartbreaking account of religion trumping humanity.
Passionately humanistic as poetic, an urgent and timely portrait. . .of Sufi Muslim culture and everyday life antithetical to the extreme fundamentalist definition of Islam.
A film that deliberately expresses its outrage with religious oppression, offering moments of humour and, at times, startling beauty.
The film's approach is meticulous and unwavering.
Abderrahmane Sissako's sad, handsome film is a response, a supplement, and a protest to the horrors that flash by on the news.
Terrible things happen in Timbuktu. There are also moments of striking poetry and subtle humour.
Elegantly artful, maddeningly truthful.
In providing audiences a chance to bear witness to unspeakable suffering as well as dazzling defiance and human dignity, Sissako has created a film that's a privilege to watch.
"Timbuktu" is a terrific film, a quiet work of savage truth.
Masterful...
What daily life is like for locals living under the jihadist rule of insurgents: repressive, humiliating and too often tragic.
Dazzling and morally devastating ...
Timbuktu is an essential film for these medieval, 21st Century times.
A movie about real people sinking into an abyss as unrelenting as the sand surrounding them. It offers no easy answers or hopeful pleas, but it demands to be seen.
An extraordinary accomplishment, a heartbreaking, visually spectacular and largely accessible work from a cinematic master who is more than ready for international attention.
This unforgettable tragi-comedy shows a cross-section of ordinary Mali people trying to live normally while being harassed by swaggering jihadists toting Kalashnikov rifles.
A film that's a mix of tones, of satire and melodrama and tragedy, that somehow jells.
A provocative, sometimes satiric drama about the sort of Islamic extremists who make life, especially in the outer reaches, so treacherous these days.
[Sissako] has made a film of unforgettable anger, yet tempered his outrage with humor, compassion and visual poetry.
The film throbs with humanity, and abounds in extraordinary images ...
Not particularly useful to those who want good-vs.-evil 'moral clarity,' but it's useful to everyone else.
Sissako captures his story with poetic precision rather than gritty realism. Each shot is deliberately composed, and the transitions to new scenes follow a unique rhythm.
Timbuktu is bracingly original and unexpected-a welcome shock to the system for American moviegoers who've grown used to seeing prosaic melodrama in topical or torn-from-the-headline movies
The kind of mature polemical filmmaking that can't help but seem singular, because few political-issue-type directors try it, and even fewer get it right.
"Timbuktu" deserves every accolade it gets.
Avoiding stereotypes, the movie shrinks larger political and religious battles down to the people of a desert town - city dwellers and nomadic Tuareg people out in the dunes - being forced to change by a handful of halfhearted oppressors.
It manages to ravish the heart while dazzling the eye simultaneously, neither at the expense of the other. It's a work of art that seems realized in an entirely organic way.
Even when the film tips over into violence, Sissako never denies the hostile occupiers their humanity, even when the traits they represent are jealousy, pettiness, and hypocrisy.
Through the filmmaker's poetic vision and rich grasp of the milieu, Timbuktu becomes politically perceptive and emotionally authentic, depicting visceral trauma without hysterics and eye-opening truths without didacticism.
A nuanced, humanistic portrait of a town besieged by jihadists, its images of violence suffused with almost surreal dreaminess.
An unflinching, quietly furious exploration of life under radical Islamist rule. It also makes a point about power that even nonextremist, democratically elected leaders would do well to keep in mind.
Sissako's gorgeous fourth feature reflects upon the role religion currently plays in Africa, and the foundational clash of cultures that shaped the continent.
Eye-opening but never didactic, Sissako's beautifully shot film immerses us in a reality we usually experience as no more than a headline.
The release of "Timbuktu" could not be more timely, although the sad truth is that, nowadays, almost any time would do.
In the hands of a master, indignation and tragedy can be rendered with clarity yet subtlety, setting hysteria aside for deeper, more richly shaded tones. Abderrahmane Sissako is just such a master.
Timbuktu is a hard film to forget and once again brings Sissako to the center stage of African cinema.
Sissako's vision is so offhandedly seductive, it's a while before you realise what a threat is gathering, and from where.
Sissako, with a few blunt-force exceptions, usually refrains from showing violence, preferring to juxtapose cruel acts with poetic images.
Timbuktu connects these disparate threads together with a poet's ease and a delightful grace.
A breathing, bleeding response to a genuine human rights crisis that doesn't view tragedy as a zone exempt from beauty or humor.
Sissako's precise, economic, style looks almost monastic, but unsurprisingly obtains a far more powerful effect.
Thoughtful, nightmarish, unblinking, and a most worthy Best Foreign Language Film Oscar nominee.
Absurd? That's precisely the point of a film that sets up a dialectical opposition between Islam and fundamentalism. Absurd and bloody.
It may approach the subject of religious fundamentalism in a somewhat passionless manner, but Timbuktu is still a thought-provoking, highly topical tale that surprisingly seeks to entertain as it educates.
The rebels are too flatly characterized for the religious conflict to deepen, and Sissako's other main story line, tracing a deadly feud between a fisherman and a cattle farmer, adds little to the movie's political thrust.
Although the interlocking tales end in technical tragedy, there is yet a feeling that spirit will win out, like nature and the cycle of a gazelle that opens and closes.
A spiritually powerful critique of Islamic fundamentalism and the havoc it causes in Timbuktu in 2012.
The film's criticism isn't primarily rooted in satire, but rather in fury and condemnation for those who seek to be gods while shamefully feigning to follow and praise one god.
Timbuktu is frightening and frustrating viewing. You're watching the noose tighten over an entire town, and at times, it will cause you to gasp.
Sissako may be preaching to the converted here, but he does so with elegance, intelligence and beauty.
It is a tragedy, yes, but a very human one, with an overall caustic, almost nihilistic absurdity running throughout.
Timbuktu inarguably stands on its own merits as a distinctive film told with both authenticity and artistry, that makes human and visceral the kind of stories that most Western eyes read only as news headlines, if that.
Abderrahmane Sissako may not be the most prolific of filmmakers, but he is undoubtedly one of the most interesting and ambitious writer-directors working in film today, and quite possibly one of the best.

@highlight

Gracefully assembled and ultimately disquieting, Timbuktu is a timely film with a powerful message.