Scary Movie 3 is even funnier than the first two.
This PG-13 has R-rated stuff.
It's better than the second film...
Be afraid, be very afraid.
Just middling funny, with no truly memorable high points and a sum impact that goes poof! before you've left the parking garage.
Basically, any movie that suffers from a lack of Charlie Sheen has got problems.
Zucker's slapstick may have the satiric delicacy of a chainsaw lobotomy, but it hasn't harmed the franchise.
As with Scary Movie parts one and two, you pays your money, you gets your laughs, and you won't remember a thing in a few months.
Fun, stupid stuff with no sense of a narrative arc or plot structure ... but hey, it made me laugh anyway.
This is just a stab in the dark, the wildest of guesses on my part, but I don't think Michael Jackson would recommend "Scary Movie 3."
If you're looking for anything other than a parody clipshow, you won't find it.
Scary Movie 3 turns out to be an odd combination of the old-fashioned and the hip. I found it too awkward a combination to be entirely successful.
This is not one of those occasions when you feel like giving Zucker an even break.
The film's comic philosophy might best be summed up this way: If you think it's funny seeing Sheen bang his head against a lamp once, then it's twice as funny to see him do it twice.
The only thing more worn than the humour is a tired-looking Nielsen.
Leave your brain in the foyer, and your taste in the toilets.
Algumas gags funcionam, mas numa razão de cerca de 30%, eu diria. Portanto, talvez esta produção valha o preço do ingresso - isto é, caso você consiga 70% de desconto.
Often in spectacular bad taste, but like its predecessors it made me laugh hard and often.
Delivers plenty of decent laughs in its short running time.
The latest in this popular spoof franchise is funnier than Scary Movie 2 (which means I came close to laughing at least once.)
It's time to stop, I'm afraid.
... the only people who'll remember it will be the ones cashing their checks afterward (or who'll campaign a studio later to do another one of these turkeys).
The vibe of Zucker's great films is there, but because the subject matter is so scattershot, it's not handled as richly, and the payoffs are shallower.
the film skewers a group very worthy of cinematic abuse and misuse, being what we playfully refer to as the stupid.
Zucker amps up the slapstick a little too much, resulting in headaches where belly laughs could've easily been harvested.
This PG-13 rated film -- give me a break! -- illustrates everything wrong with the MPAA's rating system. Sleaze oozes from every celluloid frame.
There are a few disappointing deviations that hinder the comic thrust of the movie, but still, I'm not ashamed to admit that, yes, I did have a few good belly laughs...
Zucker and company keep up such a frantic pace, the next laugh is never too far off.
Pamela Anderson, Simon Cowell and a Michael Jackson clone - certainly some folks' idea of a good time but little more than an act of sheer desperation as far as I'm concerned.
The scariest thing about "Scary Movie 3" is that it's actually pretty funny.
Yes, it's very, very stupid. But it's also full of hilariously inspired comedy.
It's painfully unfunny.
Saying that Scary Movie 3 is better than its predecessors isn't exactly high praise...
A string of jokes, increasingly unfunny as they settle into something of a plot and the trajectory becomes obvious.
I don't expect Zucker to exhibit good taste, but he could have relied less on the predictably crude and crudely predictable.
Feels like therapy for Hollywood freaks.
I never thought I'd find myself waxing nostalgic for the charms of 'Scary Movie 2.'
Too often even Scary Movie 3's cleverest bits degenerate from affectionate satire into mere imitation of their sources.
There's stupid, and then there's nonsensically stupid. Scary Movie 3 is absolutely nonsensical.
Best way to ensure a film isn't taken too seriously? Cast Leslie Nielsen of Naked Gun fame as president of the United States. That'll do the trick.
..."Scary Movie 3" is not without its problems...
When Scary Movie 3 hits, its belly laughs are loud and long, and it actually picks up steam in its second half.
A hit-or-miss affair, but the gags that connect really connect.
Ultimately a disposable movie that feeds off the pop culture of the moment, but for now -- for some generally funny comedy -- it's not a bad time at the movies.
...that's three times the regurgitated chuckles since the original made the scene and ushered in this so-called unavoidable phenomenon that keep popping up like an annoying pimple on an adolescent girl's face.
No one goes to Scary Movie 3 expecting a work of genius. We go to be distracted for a while. It works on that level. Sometimes that is enough.
Leslie Neilsen reteams with Zucker as President Harris, and it's refreshing to see him in a wacky comedy spoof that is actually funny.
Enough laughs for me to recommend (on video).
Rebounds nicely from its sophomore misfire, giddily inbreeding the plots of a half-dozen box office overachievers-from The Ring to 8 Mile -- until the result assumes a comically unstoppable life of its own.
The only thing scarier than the opening weekend box office of this horror spoof trequel is the body count of unfunny jokes.
If you aren't going to make the movie funny, you could at least make the title appropriate.
This third outing is 90% chaff, 10% wit, and pure Children of the Corny.
See it if you must.
The flood of silly jokes will either make you laugh or they won't, but at least Zucker enlists the services of several veterans of this kind of nonsense.
While the spoof may not be dead, Scary Movie 3 may mark the death of the genius of David Zucker.
... this genre is pretty much dead.
At barely 80 minutes, it's just as long as it needs to be, and almost as funny.
Despite the sluggish third act, Scary Movie 3, for what it is - and that would be big, dumb fun - is worth shelling out the duckets for.
[The film] tirelessly plumbs away for laughs, some honestly earned, with the majority on the desperate side.
Do we even care?
If a film can't make you laugh when American Idol host Simon Cowell gets shot at a freestyle rap competition, something is seriously wrong.
Scary Movie 3 starts out so funny you'll be wishing you'd brought a respitory assistance apparatus... but then it continues.
If your idea of a good time is trying not to roll in the aisles with laughter and risk making a fool of yourself, then Scary Movie 3 surprisingly fits the bills.
"74 minutes is just about right for a slappy, goofy film that remembers how funny it is to see people getting hit in the head."
The film takes a downturn when, of all people, Leslie Nielsen enters the picture as President Harris. Slapstick had been well utilized up to this point, but it becomes incessant with quickly diminishing returns.
[David] Zucker's film ultimately comes up short because he doesn't seem to want to slow down as he gets older.
If you haven't been a regular fixture at the multiplex, or don't spend all your time in front of the tube surfing hip-hop videos on MTV2, then you're not in on the joke, and if you're not in on the joke, you might want to skip this one.
A sequel funnier than its predecessors.
If the casting, synopsis and very concept don't deter you, you'll probably find it very funny.
It's all been there, razzed that, with long flat valleys stretching beneath the comic peaks.
It's last year's satire, wearing this year's clothes.
There are a few laughs in Scary Movie 3, but most of the content is hopelessly dated.
The scattergun humor occasionally hits the broad targets -- and sometimes misses by a mile.
The Naked Gun 33 1/3 wasn't the final insult from a founding ZAZ (Zucker/Abrams/Zucker) member; this is.
Scary Movie 3 is a veritable time capsule of of-this-moment kitsch, schlock and bad taste. And it's funny, too.
Nielsen is not the deadpan laugh-getter he used to be, but Zucker could have done worse among Naked Gun alumni. O.J., for instance.
Plays like 80 minutes of Naked Gun rejects.
Mediocre spoof.
Where the Wayans had a mean-spirited edge to their rude and raunchy humor, Zucker plays it in a cartoonish, anything goes spirit.
Though it has moments of unbridled hilarity, Zucker can't sustain the laughs even for 76 minutes.
Scary Movie 3 might just be the best third movie in a series ever, even funnier than Escape From The Planet Of The Apes.
Despite one of the year's best trailers, this horror-film spoof is as laugh-challenged as the woeful first sequel.
It has the tasteless thing going on but no film can succeed on vomit alone.
For each silly gag or joke that works in Scary Movie 3, there are at least 10 more that don't.
If you don't think Mother Teresa commemorative bobbleheads are funny, this movie is definitely not for you.
The movie is filled with famous and semi-famous faces, although only two of them work for their laughs and get them.
The last 15 minutes of this movie feel as sleepy and uninspired as the last 30 of any recent episode of Saturday Night Live. But the movie has given up long before that.
Whereas monkeys and farts will always be funny, Scary Movie sequels shall no longer be so.
This sequel limps, and hopefully this whole franchise is headed where it belongs; a shallow grave.
You're not going to die after you see this movie, but for the next 7 days you'll be haunted by the images and cursed with questions about why they keep making these sequels...
There are worse comedies, but few more pointless.
There are a few genius gags in Scary Movie 3, but the laugh-to-joke ratio is disappointingly low.
The funniest and possibly sickest entry yet.
An old-hat mixture of obvious parody and exaggerated bad taste.
A tedious run-through of all-too- familiar plot points, spiced up with lots of banged heads and people getting thrown out of windows.
Current horror movies are so ironic, they parody themselves, which means they have beaten (and stabbed and eviscerated) Scary Movie 3 to the punch.
New director, new writers, same old shtick.
I like my physical comedy as much as anyone, but, wow, did this ever feel like a creative dead-end.
Keeping to the formula developed in the original and funny Scary Movie, Zucker and company mix in a dose of their own manic movie shenanigans and come up with a fairly fast paced romp that loses steam after an hour but is, still and mercifully, onl
The only way to review these movies is to tell you whether or not they are funny. Scary Movie 3 is funny enough.
[David Zucker] still has the eye, ear and metabolism of a hyperactive child weaned entirely on candy bars and educated by Mad Magazine.
Someone needs to tell Mrs. Zucker that her son David is being naughty again.
Consistently entertaining and frequently hilarious.
Although Scary Movie 2 was downright scream-worthy, director David Zucker takes the controls to push this one to new heights.
Less crude than its predecessors, this is a modestly successful spoof with just enough laughs to have you walking out with a smile on your face.
Surprisingly, 'Scary Movie 3' is a genuinely amusing movie - one of the funniest of the year.
A strong emphasis on sight gags, cameos, a little social satire, and an absolutely merciless attack on sentiment.
Does the idea of a watered-down, Wayans-free version of Scary Movie 2 sound like your cup of tea? If so, your knuckles must be raw from scraping the ground.
incredibly thin
Although it's a definite improvement over the last movie, Scary Movie 3 feels like 20 minutes of material spread over an hour and a half.
Under Mr. Zucker's direction, Scary Movie 3 ends up being neither the lowball spoof its predecessors were, nor the sort of madcap farce for which Mr. Zucker is famous.
David Zucker hasn't exactly breathed new life into the series, but he knows what old jokes still work.
This is by far the best installment yet.
The humor is confined to watching protagonists smack around the film's monster and listening to a lot of "whites and blacks are different" jokes.
As usual, Zucker and company splash so many jokes on the screen, it doesn't even matter that less than half stick. When this movie hits, it hits big.
But this is a movie that will primarily appeal to those who are young enough to get a kick out of the inherent subversiveness of any satire aimed at popular media, without caring too much whether any of the targets are actually hit.
Crass, crude and sledgehammer- subtle. Yet, you can't help giggling yourself stupid, even at the more obvious sight gags.
It's the ideal comedy for 12-year-old boys of every age and gender.
The laughs are so far apart and offer so few comic calories that it might be time to stick a fork in the franchise.
Scary Movie 3 blows more opportunities than the post-season Braves.
On their own as little skits the horror spoof vignettes are funny enough, but as a 90 minute movie they just don't work.
To call the humor sophomoric would be an insult to second-year students everywhere...far too stale and puerile to generate much besides groans.
It's actually more controversial, more outrageous and, most importantly, far funnier than the first two films.
The picture doesn't even respect the movies it mocks enough to understand what it is about them that fails.
Answers The Ring's questions with poop and boobies.
The Scary Movie horror spoofs must be some kind of mutant, alien movie franchise. There's just no other explanation for the fact that the sequels actually keep getting better.





@highlight

Though an improvement over the second Scary Movie, the laughs are still inconsistent.