It feels like it secretly wants to be a Iraq vet version [ of Y tu Mama Tambien] but is afraid to go there.
A cautious but strained apolitical Iraqi War drama.
Mostly everything in the film, regardless of how contrived the set up, eventually rings true.
Their real, unstated missions are more in the nature of relocating their souls and finding some elusive peace of mind.
... captures the manner in which both the smallest and largest events on a road trip can build a sense of camaraderie among three strangers with very little in common.
If not for the warmth and likability of its characters and those playing them, The Lucky Ones would be a tiresome formula picture.
It feels like the writers were trying for dialogue that sounded natural and improvisational. Instead, it feels scripted and rehearsed. It's all phony balony!
Ultimately I was left without any clear notion as to what was being said through the film and why.
In this interview, The Lucky Ones director Neil Burger speaks about understanding the modern soldier, his surprising casting choice of anti-war activist Tim Robbins as a veteran and why he relates the story while the Iraq conflict continues.
War/road trip dramedy is cliched but affecting.
The Iraq war has thus far produced no truly memorable dramatic movies, as opposed to documentaries, and the losing streak continues with The Lucky Ones.
The direction is functional, workmanlike; Burger never steals the spotlight from his characters.
The biggest disappointment is in this script, written by Dirk Wittenborn and Neil Burger who gave us the delightful Illusionistin 2006.
... reductive and unfunny ... think Coming Home crossed with Vegas Vacation minus Cousin Eddie ...
...benefits substantially from the strength and charisma of its three leads...
Rachel McAdams keeps reminding me how good she is in every role she takes. In this movie, she just glows energy. Acting is one thing. How do you project energy? Through joy, anger and curiosity, she projects this vibe and she is the backbone of the film.
Based on the evidence here, director/co-writer Neil Burger may be the last American who's ambivalent about the Iraq War, and his movie suffers for it.
While their circumstances may be forced, the three characters feel like real, complex, likable people. That's a real rarity in a film about veterans, no matter what the ideology is.
There are so many little touches, so many delicate nuances that constantly amaze and inspire, that by the time it was over I almost didn't want their story to come to an end.
This is not the worst of the Iraq-themed movies of the past few years, and it's possibly the best acted of any of them. But you wish the bonding of these three people wasn't diluted by the trite scenarios and artificial circumstances of their saga.
The dialogue is often sharp and funny and the performances nicely pitched.
As they hit the road, the scenes play out like TV sitcom vignettes with little holding the centre together. We find out details about the characters lives, but never feel we know them.
Each secret is more implausible than the last.
McAdams and Peña are affectingly vulnerable, while Robbins convinces as a family man with strong paternal instincts.
The Lucky Ones has plenty of heart and courage. If it only had a brain ...
In the end, they laugh together, they cry together and they all learn a little something about this place we call America. At least, that was probably the plan.
Like its lead characters, Lucky is wounded, lost, and impractical, but it has a messy, winning humanity and an agreeably leisurely pace that almost redeems it.
It gets so preoccupied with all the local color and colorful locals, that it forgets about the people on this journey -- or their ultimate destination.
Cheap, ignorant, tone-deaf and condescending.
Its lack of emotional thrust doesn't inspire the viewer to feel one way or another.
As entertainment, the film works sporadically, though Burger never finds a rhythm.
Director and co-writer Neil Burger's drama uses the war as a springboard to tell a darkly funny, and sometimes profoundly moving, story of the men and women who are the warriors.
It's all merely unbelievable.
How unusual. How enjoyable.
The chemistry between the three soldiers is strong, but their journey rings hollow.
The story (by director Burger and Dirk Wittenborn) contains too many coincidences and convergences to wholly ring true.
By structuring this as a comic road movie, writer-director Neil Burger manages to examine the emotional isolation of returning vets without sinking into a bog of despair.
What gives these episodes cumulative impact is the group portrait that emerges of a well-meaning country in a state of drift.
[A] far-fetched take on Iraq War homecomings.
With a smooth, light touch, The Lucky Ones focuses on the idea that the present and the people who factor into it are all we really have.
Three Army soldiers on the road in America bond together through a series of preposterous happenings that come across as silly.
Of its genre, it's uncommonly good, and it's also the cheeriest movie about Iraq war vets I've yet seen.
After running through some pretty contrived paces for much of its running time, The Lucky Ones has some surprises in the last act that ultimately make it more satisfying than it might have been.
I'm sure a lot of bad fiction has been written about veterans and current soldiers in the Iraq War. It's just not that often that it gets shot and projected on to a big screen.
The predictable plotting in this well-intentioned salute would be excusable if the dialogue weren't so superficial.
With one head-gnawing plot contrivance after another, it may think it's the wacky Iraq version of Easy Rider but is more like this year's Around the Bend or Diamonds.
From start to finish, there is not one single scene on display here that contains even a smidgen of reality.
Moments of real trauma are interrupted with sitcom wackiness, all of it connected by a terribly hokey musical score.
A road movie with no purpose, and a war drama with no bite.
Writer/director Neil Burger...takes a big step back with "The Lucky Ones," a sitcomy road movie that throws together three hard luck Iraq war vets.
The actual lucky ones will be sitting in a different movie theater, watching anything but this.
In the same way much conventional wisdom about the war is half-baked, The Lucky Ones is awash in stereotypes and generalities.
Director Neil Burger keeps things light, and the actors are more than engaging. ... But there's something centrally pat and predictable about the coincidence-laden story.
If a couple of the plot devices seem contrived, The Lucky Ones makes up for them with sharp, heartfelt performances, and a deceptively easygoing narrative style.
Lucky might have its heart in the right place trying to soften the image of the average Iraq War soldier, but this is a clumsy, insufferable feature film of excessive formula and embarrassing dramatic development.
A thoughtful study on the way foreign wars can reverberate here at home.
This formula is fraught with pitfalls, but the characters and the actors redeem it with a surprising emotional impact.
If The Lucky Ones wants to seem like anything more than war vets thrust into a sitcom, it should try going five minutes without a contrivance.
The plot functions in a rudimentary fashion setting up one contrived complication after another, engendering a desire, despite a few amusing scenes and pleasant company, for the trio to arrive at their respective destinations as soon as possible.
The Lucky Ones takes a decent premise -- three soldiers returning from Iraq facing domestic challenges upon their arrival home -- and crams so much forced drama into it that the movie devolves into a hack buddy picture.
So laid-back and plain that the film leaves almost no impression at all.
It's something of a well-intentioned mess.
Perhaps if The Lucky Ones wasn't so crammed with incidents, the absurd coincidences wouldn't be so grating.
The Lucky Ones isn't dull, and the actors do quite nicely, especially McAdams, who's feisty, gorgeous, and as mercurial as a mood ring.
It's finally all too familiar.
Even when it feels contrived, The Lucky Ones is enhanced by Mr. Peña, Ms. McAdams and especially the terrific, always surprising Mr. Robbins, in performances so likable and well timed they carry you aloft, like a flag.
A refreshing departure from the normal 'soldier's story' movies we've seen in recent years.
Though Iraq War is in the background, Lucky Ones is yet another disappointing 9/11 film; it's a known fact that for a road picture to work, you need interesting encounters, revelations, self-discoveries, humor and color, all of which are in short supply
It isn't unpleasant to spend two hours with these three soldiers, although it might have been more enjoyable to spend the time getting to know them rather than force-feeding them artificial road bumps.
Sometimes, however, empty, contrived fantasies are just empty, contrived fantasies, as is certainly the case with this embarrassingly phony cross between Grace Is Gone, Home of the Brave and, believe it or not, Twister.
The drama's one glaring weakness is that its contrivances are far too obvious...Despite that, the unexpectedly light, sometimes humorous story is still enormously affecting.
It's hard to find the genuine heartfelt moments in The Lucky Ones, a story about three Iraq War soldiers on a brief road trip back in the U.S., under the clutter of narrative contrivances and coincidences.
Soldiers deserve a better tribute than this trite, phony dreck.



@highlight

The Lucky Ones features heartfelt performances, but is undone by the plot's overwrought parade of coincidence and contrivance.