There's a lot of big missteps...but it's not as terrible as some people are going to say.
A perfectly serviceable animated movie that doesn't reinvent the wheel, but manages to entertain thanks to its amazing CGI, fun renditions of classic -and modern- pop songs, and good voice acting.
This movie is loathsome, that's what it is. I don't know why it exists. Don't see it.
It doesn't make a lick of sense, and if kids are the target audience, they won't get much out of the only-sort-of-appropriate playlist, which tries to build a jukebox musical out of ELO, Bob Marley, Elvis, the Four Tops, Queen and such.
How ironic that a movie proclaiming to be all about love ends up having no heart.
The musical numbers eventually blur in to one another resembling more droning white noise than characters expressing their feelings.
While there are fun moments, the whole is an odd mix of grotesquerie and cutesiness.
Ultimately, the impressively ornate visuals don't make up for a lack of genuine emotional impact.
A mess of broad comedy, soppy romance and slapdash songs unlikely to win over the hearts or minds of either sex.
Apparently this was inspired by A Midsummer Night's Dream, but it has about as much in common with that as Burger King does with Macbeth.
The film doesn't have enough faith in itself to let the story, visuals, and atmosphere speak for themselves.
There's little magic in this latest from Lucas.
The animation, which has a look of Arthur Rackham mixed with Maxfield Parrish, is fluid, visually striking and, for some strange reason, vaguely alarming. All in all, there are far worse family movies.
The best Lucas film in 25 years: funny, idiosyncratic, hippy-dippy, packed with creatures and visions worth beholding.
Uneven animated musical is stranger than it is magical.
By the time the film's ending upends traditional conventions with its unlikely couplings, you're too distracted to fully appreciate the chutzpah, instead cringing at the opening chords of "Wild Thing."
Supposedly inspired by Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream, "Strange Magic" is such a mishmash of other better movies -- mostly Beauty and the Beast and Epic -- that it fails to develop its own personality.
Let's just say it's a bizarre, bad 'Dream.'
I couldn't help falling in love with 'Strange Magic.' It's one of the most delightful animated musicals I've ever seen. Great songs , a fun story and fascinating animation. Yay!
How's this for the movie poster? Strange Magic isn't as awful as its trailer suggests...
Strange Magic plunges directly into its convoluted plot without pausing to create a reason viewers should care about any of the characters going through the convolutions.
Strange Magic is not remotely in the same class as Frozen or Maleficent, but does deliver a pop medley fueled lesson on the meaning of true love.
The moral of the story is that looks don't matter. But in animation, looks do matter, and even a sweet romance and fun tunes cannot overcome the clunkiness of its design.
While it's frankly weird & somewhat jarring at first, if you can wrap your head around the concept & accept it's not really a film for smaller kids nor for older teens, but for those somewhere in-between, you might find something to enjoy here after all.
Strange Magic may be a pretty picture that the kids can sing along to, but within the larger spectrum of animated features it is pretty forgettable.
At best, it is a tunefully cheerful collection of pop songs with decent animation. At worst, it is a meandering and dull hour and forty minutes of musical theatre that will be grating to anybody over the age of seven.
bound to be the House of Mouse's first big screen disaster of 2015
Pity poor Wood, Cumming, Kelly, Palladio and the rest of these actors. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
It instantly rates as one of the most dismal animations ever released under the Disney umbrella.
From the mind of George Lucas...ahem.
Skip this messed-up computer animated fantasy and purchase the soundtrack instead.
Strange Magic isn't very magical, but it sure is strange.
Wasting potential to be a kooky but grand journey into love and honor on musical ambitions better left on Lucas's encouragingly varied iTunes playlists.
Strange Magic is the kind of computer-animated film that makes you wish that hand-drawn animation could make a comeback, and soon.
If you're a hardcore animation person with not-very-demanding children you might take a chance.
I know we're talking about fairy tales here. But why does the king, who resembles a cockroach and talks like a Scot, have a mother who seems to be a slug and talks like a Jewish-mother joke?
Strange Magic isn't a good movie, but it's the kind of bad movie thats existence you can at least feel okay about.
Said to be inspired by "A Midsummer Night's Dream," the film plays more like "Avatar" scored to a karaoke competition.
A noxious cauldron of ingredients that shouldn't have been mixed: fairies, Shakespeare and classic rock.
"Strange Magic," the new animated musical fairy tale from the mind and the mixtape of George Lucas, is indeed strange. What's missing is the magic.
A jaw-droppingly terrible animated musical that mismatches George Lucas' inane story about a pair of fairy princesses to an oddball selection of the "Star Wars'' creator's favorite pop tunes.
One of the most stunningly beautiful bargain bin, straight-to-DVD releases of all time.
On the surface, [it] has all the makings of a fantasy cult classic: strange characters, musical interludes and a Jim Henson-like flair. Too bad the plot, music and jokes are lackluster. At most, it'll make you want to watch another, better fantasy film.
Makes The Phantom Menace look like The Empire Strikes Back.
The plot movement feels very much like an unpleasant formality, shoved forward by tiresome devices.
Strange Magic is an effective argument against the predominance of computer animation as the current industry standard.
Strange Magic is strange all right, but hardly magical.
The movie maintains its own level of oddball invention that at least feels pleasantly removed from the grind of big-studio cartoon manufacturing. At times, it's surprisingly messy for a mainstream animated feature.
I think Lucas and Rydstrom were earnestly trying to make something different for little girls. It gives me no great pleasure to report that they have mostly failed.
I've not completely fallen in love with "Strange Magic," but it did in its own way cast a spell.
"Strange Magic" is a movie that's easier to appreciate and admire than to actually swoon over. Not bad for an orphan.
Reads wack on paper and plays only slightly less wack on screen
The eerie wood was exquisitely designed. Disastrously, what goes on there suggests a Californian mall during spring break.
As juvenile and frivolous a wish-fulfillment fantasy as one might expect from the visionary behind the lightsaber and Princess Leia hogtied to Jabba the Hut.
Strange Magic is rambunctious without being lively -- and "magical" without being very magical.
A shrill, garish hodgepodge of familiar elements from other animated vehicles (most evidently 2013's Epic), there's virtually nothing about this forced, fractured fairy tale that feels remotely fresh or involving.
This noisy, unappealing children's fantasy fails to distinguish itself among January's many, many reasons to steer clear of the multiplex.
That terrible character design, combined with a painful lack of laughs and a crushing plethora of ghastly songs, makes "Strange Magic" perhaps the worst animated feature ever to come out of Disney.

@highlight

Like most modern animated movies, Strange Magic is lovely to look at; unfortunately, there isn't much going on beneath the surface.