Endless Poetry is constantly engaged in the act of invoking without ever evoking anything. In that sense, its name is just wrong; there's no poetry to it at all.
Goofy, uneven, alternately outrageous and charming (when not both at once), Endless Poetry is as good an introduction to his work as any, and it couldn't have been made by anyone else.
In its mix of the absurd and the beautiful, Endless Poetry puts into images the sweeping emotions of Jodorowsky's big, beating heart.
It's not endless, but it can often seem insufferable.
Endless Poetry isn't for every taste, but those who give it a try will find a celebration of imagination from a director whose sense of invention seems unchecked either by censorial impulse or personal inhibition.
By the time Alejandro confronts his father...it occurs that self-indulgence is sort of the point and that it just might be in the service of something that is actually, simply profound. Jodorowsky is dramatizing his life, just like everybody else does.
Watching it is a little like getting kidnapped by a troupe of mimes and puppeteers, but at some point Stockholm Syndrome sets in and you end up liking its utter insanity.
Sustaining the mood, Jodorowsky once again bathes the feature in oddity, personal expression, and grotesqueries, making this second chapter as captivating as the first.
Endless Poetry offers a ribald and revelatory road to poetic nirvana.
Endless Poetry is not a movie that has any interest in hiding its metaphorical (or literal) erections.
Though a little Jodorowsky goes a long way, Endless Poetry is the director's most accessible film to date. The story is linear and often funny, even if you're not initially sure if it's supposed to be.
Drawing on that particular quality of light that seems unique to Chile, Jodorowsky paints an alluring portrait of his homeland.
Jodorowsky is genuinely thoughtful and searching...
Well into his 80s, Alejandro Jodorowsky, cinema's utmost surrealist shaman, has found a new burst of film creativity by mining his own personal history.
if you consider Jodorowsky's work excessive and mannered, you'll probably find this to be a slog.
Tinged with madness and heartbreak, "Endless Poetry" is the unmistakable byproduct of, as the character of Alejandro puts it, "a heart capable of loving the entire world."
It seizes your attention like a flamboyant ringmaster presiding over a circus that, despite being baffling, is a joy to behold.
As you'd expect from the Chilean director, Jodorowsky follows no rules when it comes to artistic creation.
'Endless Poetry' raises the possibility that artists young or old can still challenge barriers and ask questions about life.
While it's all gloriously bats--- in that uniquely Jodorowskian way, the picture ends with quite possibly the most unapologetically heart-on-sleeve climax in the old coot's canon.
It's the rarest kind of cinematic achievement, when a film that's so innately somber is also such an utter pleasure to watch. And maybe it's the kind of achievement we should only expect from a guy like Jodorowsky.
Loopy, irreverent, and more intensely personal than anything its mystic creator has invented before.
"I've sold my devil to the soul." "Life does not have meaning, you have to live it!" Alejandro Jodorowsky is the most euphoric filmmaker of our time.
The filmmaker's outsize, and sometimes unnerving, stylistic choices jump into the frame and vanish just as quickly.
Endless Poetry feels like the product of a revitalized old master. There's a generosity of spirit, and clarity of intent that gives shape to the the film's rambling narrative, and broad-brushstrokes characterizations.
There's something ineffably moving about seeing the filmmaker take stock of himself and his history as he gently nudges this traveling circus of a movie toward its next destination.
Mr. Jodorowsky, at 88, shows the irrepressible energy of a man who is just getting started.
Endless Poetry captures the nocturnal essence of being young, on your own for the first time, and surrounded by friends who inspire you to pursue your dreams.
A bildungsroman, something along the lines of The Sorrows Of Young Alejandro: heartbreak, unrequited love, initiation, artistic self-discovery.
Whether any of the film's moments are entirely true, totally fabricated, or representative of some larger, psychological truth doesn't matter when you're in the hands of this consummate visual artist.
Endless Poetry eventually, like young Alejandro, opens itself up to the world in all of its beauty and complexities.
The director uses a rich color palette to depict his past misadventures, staging the scenes with gusto and populating the indecorous settings with occasional stylized choreographies and a few bizarre characters.
Certainly, while Endless Poetry is not without its trademark Jodorowsky surrealism, its weirdness is reined in, favouring instead a sincerity and quite possibly even sentimentality.
Most of the film is as shallow and silly as it sounds, but it's rarely boring and it generally looks quite vibrant.
We are not worthy of Jodorowsky: we never have been.
This bullishly played saga has enough quirky detail, audacious incident and visual panache to sweep the storyline through its less persuasive phases.
This film from a director in his late 80s feels more joyously and recklessly alive than the work of many film-makers half his age.
It basically functions as a primer on the philosophy of the 87-year-old artist, complete with a king-sized helping of poetic touches and the usual visual fetishes that make his work so instantly recognizable.
Fans of Alejandro Jodorowsky's brand of inspired lunacy will be delighted by Endless Poetry, while others may find the latest from the Chilean director more endless than poetic.
Endless Poetry isn't exactly a painless introduction to the world of Alejandro Jodorowsky. But let's be honest: what is?
There is gusto and energy, a need to excite, shock, bewilder. You can sense here something you rarely experience, even in the very best films: how much the director is simply enjoying himself.
Endless Poetry may be uneven but it shows that Jodorowsky's ability to startle us with both his lyricism and his perversity isn't impaired in the slightest.
In this circular portrait of the artist as a young man, Jodorowsky's principal theme is the permanence of impermanence.
Jodorowsky, who appears occasionally to give his younger self advice, delivers what is perhaps his most accessible film, one in which his admiration for Fellini is evident. It appears random but has some really impactful emotional insights.
It's grandiose, for sure, and sometimes a touch repetitive in its visual preoccupations, but charged with ceaseless curiosity and infectious energy.
A completely enjoyable story in which the author laughs and at the same time as he divinizes himself with enough comedy and drama, and mix reality and fantasy in a subtle and intelligent way. [Full review in Spanish]
Beginning exactly where 2013's The Dance of Reality left us, Alejandro Jodorowsky extends his autobiographical meditation into early adulthood and further still into a crowning, late-career achievement.
[It] heralds the director as a master of a deeply personal magic-realist genre, effortlessly moving as it is psychologically and artistically rich.
Faithful to his grotesque style, the filmmaker is much more contained and lucid than in previous films, making this a much more aproachable movie. [Full review in Spanish]
The film quickly turns into an endurance test for people who aren't hardcore [Jodorowsky] fans.
This is a film full of ego, yet, Jodorowsky manages to save he film being overshadowed by his persona. [Full review in Spanish]
Like a chaotic three-ring circus, with Jodorowsky as the ringmaster orchestrating a succession of memories, impressions, reconstructions and reimaginings of the past.
Alejandro Jodorowsky's 'Endless Poetry' is the most accessible movie he has ever made, and it may also be the best. It's Felliniesque and moving.

@highlight

Endless Poetry extends writer-director Alejandro Jodorowsky's singular filmography with another joyously surreal, visually vibrant viewing experience.