Craven was looking to simply scare some folks with blunt violence and a lecture on the primal nature of man. Aja's effort is an absolute declaration of war.
Falls into the trap of delivering its relentless arsenal of painful images with almost sedated enthusiasm. The movie has no venom.
On the strength of their 2003 slasher flick, High Tension, Craven hired director-writer Alexandre Aja and writer Grégory Levasseur, and the result is one of the most exhilarating, intense, and engrossing Hollywood shockers ever made.
Still not a perfect film, but it's still superior to the original.
Of considerably richer interest than the revampings of The Texas Chainsaw Massacre and The Fog, not the least for having American-heartland horrors viewed through foreign glasses
It is an artfully crafted exercise in high-octane style, bolstered by a stronger cast than most horror films could ever hope to assemble, but it's a bitter, sleazy little pill that leaves an ugly aftertaste.
Some say this remake is better than the original, but it ain't so.
It's self-conscious nastiness, once removed from its motivating source.
... a scary, if none-too-original, horror movie. (Unrated)
The resulting bloodbath, both nasty and hilarious, is a master class in the art of the remake, wavering somewhere between respectful reimagining and gleeful pastiche.
Like Craven's original, Aja's version gets the job done - it makes your stomach turn, puts you on edge, and gives you a horror-movie ride.
The film is intelligent and aware, if utterly gross, and on a technical level it's first-rate.
full review in Greek
It was going to take a lot to sell me on the remake. It delivered.
These Hills might have eyes, but they could have used some brains, or at least a steadier hand and a less contemptible sensibility to guide the grisly proceedings.
The Hills Have Eyes involves one basic premise: freaks with very rusty weapons eviscerating, disemboweling and decapitating stupid travelers lost somewhere between Point A and B ...
To describe this film as "pornographically violent" is an affront to pornography.
I suppose what the core fans want to know is: is it really horror? The ayes have it...
... Exists only to inflict an unfathomable amount of pain and suffering upon its characters and audience.
A good subtext can make a horror movie good
Filmmakers] Aja and Levasseur have no doubt created the cannibal holocaust of their dreams. It's certainly as brutal, bloody and ambitiously disgusting as the most demanding fan might wish.
Well, nobody can beat horror meister Wes Craven when it comes to scaring the living daylights of us.
Where is the fun in a movie like this? There are no jolts, no flashes of humor, no camp aspect, no winking at the audience--just bloodletting that crosses the line. Those who want this sort of thing can have it.
"The Hills Have Eyes" combines psychological tension with visceral scenes of gore and the odd laugh or two.
It's just nasty.
What's fundamentally missing is the anarchic, irrational unpredictability that made the original so terrifying.
Horror is the cinema du jour it seems, and this movie is simply a casualty of that trend.
Everything great horror used to be: Disturbing, outrageous, subtextual, and (don't run from it) morally aware.
Tout comme pour le Hostel d'Eli Roth, on sent également que cet excès de violence est utilisé à des fins beaucoup plus publicitaires que cinématographiques.
The Hills Have Eyes is scary, something that a lot of today's horror films aren't as they compete in the game of one-upmanship in quantity and quality of gore.
Can anyone tell me why inbred hillbillies -- mutant or otherwise -- invariably boast housekeeping skills that make mine look like Martha Stewart's?
Alexandre Aja's take on Wes Craven's cult classic is lurid grindhouse trash, posturing as a satirical screed about American Cold War jingoism and irresponsible nuclear policy.
Aja confuses suspense with shock, sacrificing the former for the latter. it's a radioactive waste of time.
After being led into the sandy middle of nowhere by an arrogant but ill-prepared conservative, a Democrat pushed to the edge savagely skewers a desert terrorist during a skirmish in a village inhabited by the victims of an American military operation.
Esthetically, it's an improvement over the original in every way, though thematically it takes on a bit more than a simple horror movie can handle.
... rhymes with 'The Shills Sell Lies'... the lucky ones saw something else...
A slick updated nasty version of Wes Craven's grisly pop-cult grade-B horror flick of 1977.
There is no winning in this desert, only stranding.
Good gorey fun.
The problem is not the gore: that's to its credit. It's the deja-vu factor. We've seen it all 10, 20, 50 times before.
[Aja is]truly one of the new masters of horror, a stunning visionary force to be reckoned with.
If these hills only had eyes, it would be one thing but parents should know that they also have mutants wielding pickaxes which results in a disturbingly graphic movie not suitable for sensitive audiences of any age or species.
a carefully plotted, brilliantly coiled example of suspenseful horror filmmaking
We've all heard of movies being "so bad they're good." The Hills Have Eyes may be the first recorded case of a movie being so good it's bad.
... a shockingly successful update of a seminal 1970s shocker.
... Aja and his gorehound ilk are making movies that simply wallow in state-of-the-art displays of torture, sadism and sexual humiliation.
... a brilliantly reimagined version of Wes Craven's 1977 micro-budget horror classic ...
... a blast.
... a popcorn picture that does what it's supposed to do ...
The whole thing has the detached air of an intellectual or artistic exercise ...
It suits Aja's nihilism to have the most annoying family members survive longer than the nice ones, or maybe he's encouraging us to root for the ax-wielding killers.
These Hills are more to be endured than enjoyed.
When its makers, director Alexandre Aja and his co-writer Gregory Levasseur, apply the fresh gloss to the old grit, they remember to apply the thinnest layer possible without skimping on the roughhouse humor.
The Hills Have Eyes is the latest revision to reach theaters, and it's one of the ugliest.
It's pretty dull to watch people killing each other for an hour and a half, no matter how bloody the pickax work gets.
New horror films, like Aja's, simply shock us with the blunt imagery of heads being axed or blown up, and of limbs being chopped or ripped off.
... an entertaining update of Craven's 1977 flick of the same name.
... proficient entertainment ...
The new Hills Have Eyes has little reason to exist, except to obey the law that every film from the '70s must be remade at least once before 2010.
It is an unpleasant, vile exercise in sadism, but undeniably effective.
... this remake of The Hills Have Eyes still manages to evoke its quota of creepiness ...
Hills' new mix of old elements somehow feels fresh.
This is not a remake or reinterpretation of Craven's film so much as a recapitulation of ideas from that film and other movies.
Them hills may have eyes, but they're missing a few other vital parts.
Filled with gristle, gore and mutant mayhem, The Hills Have Eyes is a blood feast for horror fans hungering for something more than the by-rote splatter platters that lately have been filling movie theaters.
Hills is the unadulterated stuff, no cut, no chaser.
... skillfully made trash.
This vivid but brutal remake of Wes Craven's 1977 cult favorite The Hills Have Eyes made me a little sick with its gore and extreme violence.
Consider it as one of the first decent 'Why do they hate us' horror flicks.
Like the Chainsaw rehash, Eyes borrows its title and narrative from a memorably grungy '70s artifact and then proceeds to hammer each new atrocity into your skull with a quarter of the skill and 10 times the blatancy of the original.
... a surprising and welcome interpretation of the material ...
From complete dismemberment to extreme shotgun violence, Aja & Co. not only pull out the stops on this one, they decimate them.
The film has an unpredictable quality that keeps viewers unnerved.
If you like your horror movies with a high creep factor and more blood than scares, head for the Hills, if you don't fit in that category head for a different theater!
...there is a difference between a thriller that wants to terrorize its audience and one that wants to titillate itself.
Unflinching gorefest packed with brutal visuals and buckets of bloodshed.
Hills is a straight up, run-of-the-mill, slasher film.
So visceral is the carnage and so believable are the victims' reactions to it that it's impossible not to get caught up in the story.
The moral? Even the most limpwristed Demmy-crat will turn into a steely-eyed killing machine when the chips are down.
The tagline for the new "Hills" is "The lucky ones die first." Actually, the lucky ones skip this exploitative remake and either watch the original or just read a good book.
...given its source material, there was much room for improvement. It's just too bad that the only things Aja could improve on were the makeup and gore.
As skillfully made and genuinely horrific as it is a pointless rehash....there's more than a whiff of smug cynicism in the dry air of this conflicted satire.
The Hills Have Eyes isn't the kind of movie to go see with your family... or your mother... or with your prayer-warrior girlfriend.
Blood and guts are de rigueur here and the imaginative makeup (by a big team of artists) is first-rate
Neither sickly brilliant nor twistedly clever... At least the message is family bonding leads to tragedy and prayers are useless.
It is, without a doubt, masterfully done, easily one of 2006's most pleasantly disquieting and freakishly discomfiting roller coaster rides.
Might not be any sort of improvement over Craven's original flick, but it does a fine job of delivering the goods ... and with just a little more beneath the surface than you might expect.
A good film, mostly but not entirely in the current horror mold, suspenseful and skillfully made.
Every time the movie veers toward political commentary and threatens to become interesting, Aja just throws some more severed limbs onto the screen.
...a refreshingly brutal and thoroughly entertaining update of Wes Craven's 1977 cult classic.
As for Aja's future in horror he better find some original material because hitching a ride on other people's glories will always be the other's glory.
Craven was looking to simply scare some folks with blunt violence and a subtle lecture on the primal nature of man. Aja's film is an absolute declaration of war.
Each mutant looks silly with makeup and masks that look like they were purchased at Wal-Mart
I don't care for a French filmmaker making a contemptuous, smug, proselytizing allegory about the legacy of Yankee colonial/expansionist violence.
The Hills Have Eyes is a solid horror film; it seems like a diamond in the rough compared to the innumerable god-awful remakes of late.
A note to the thrifty: Stopping to leer at fatal car wrecks is just as graphic, and requires no admission price.
There is a strange lack of tension and no real jolts of fear in this remake of the 1977 Wes Craven film.
Alexandre Aja's remake is remarkably faithful, directed with the same stark, stripped-down style as the original (but with considerably more flair...
For me, life is too short for a movie that makes death inexorably long. I would say that it is unendurable. I endured it so you don't have to.
Torturing the audience is not the same thing as scaring them, and I'm not sure Aja can tell the difference.
Snobs may balk, purists will be appalled, but this new and exceedingly nasty version of Wes Craven's 1977 cult shocker is awfully good at what it does.
The body count is higher than the scriptwriters' combined IQ's.
This remake of the alleged 1977 Wes Craven classic has one very disturbing quality: It's too damned good.
It is not faulty logic that derails The Hills have Eyes, however, but faulty drama. The movie is a one-trick pony.
The desert may look barren, but fear not, bloodthirsty irradiated mutants soon show up to party hearty.
At some point, it stops being fun and just becomes grueling.
Gore disciples rejoice: Alexandre Aja's remake of The Hills Have Eyes hits like a hot blood baptism.
The Hills Have Eyes, a remake of a 30-year-old shocker, is concerned with the impact of violence. It shows how grief-stricken the survivors are, and it's interested in where violent impulses come from.
Using considerable creative intelligence and millions of dollars with no purpose other than profit by inspiring bloodlust is monstrous.
The story is more focused on a kind of meat-market smorgasbord mixed with political the-government-did-this-to-us overtones. It doesn't really work.
[A] deep-down disturbing and surprisingly poignant riff on abandonment, inhuman isolation, and creepy desolation...
And to think that the French wonder why we hate them!
A horror buff's wet dream.
When Aja does get going, he subtly and surprisingly elevates the tension like someone who knows what he's doing.
Utterly trumps its source material on a technical level ... but that coveted nightmare vibe remains elusive.
It's fair to say that this is one of the better horror films in recent months but that's more a comment on the weak field than it is a statement of unqualified praise.
An extremely well made horror flick that's definitely worth seeing, if you've got the stomach for it.
A rather pointless exercise that reinforces the age-old adage 'If it ain't broke, don't remake it'.
...if this is what you're looking for, you'll do just fine; but there's nothing fresh or mandatory here.
Intense, stylish, unspeakably gruesome, and at least marginally evocative of the beyond-low-budget zeitgeist of the original.
A bloody good time...Increases the gore level substantially, but thankfully director Aja stays close to the original's blueprint and keeps the suspense quotient high.
Aja also comes out squarely against nuclear testing. How brave. What good is a wallow in sicko sadism if you take all the fun out of it?
If it's hard out there for a pimp, it's even more difficult for a whore.
Yes, folks, it's a message movie.
Hills isn't terrible, only terribly unnecessary.
If you relish gore-fests, rest assured that Aja has concocted a savvy remake that should satisfy your blood-lust; if not, you're likely to find it overkill on a massive scale.
As grim, grisly and gratuitous as the original movie, this remake serves about as little purpose.
Hyper-violent, mean, and more interesting in what it does wrong than what it does right
"The Hills Have Eyes" is an intense horror movie that should send more than a few viewers with weak stomachs running for the restroom.
Kathleen Quinlan, once Tom Hanks' wife in Apollo 13, her forehead now retaining Botox like the Hoover Dam retains the mighty Colorado.
The net effect would be doze-inducing if in fact the Dolby didn't attempt to wake the dead.
In effect, this remake is a cover song recorded in a slicker studio with the best equipment.
There's a distinct letdown after an astonishing and unexpected opening section, as if the gravitational pull toward trash-kitsch horror was too much to resist.
This remake of the 1977 Wes Craven cult classic is brutally horrific. And that's a compliment.
A bleak, gripping, refreshingly non-Hollywood shock-fest.
It's quite fun.
The Hills Have Eyes is unadulterated evil excellence.
The Hills Have Eyes 1977 may already be a classic, but The Hills Have Eyes 2006 has all the necessary hallmarks to become one itself.
Dogs are disemboweled, parakeets become tasty beverages, and actresses Emilie de Ravin and Vinessa Shaw are virtually raped on screen.

@highlight

Faster paced for today's audiences, this Hills remake ratchets up the gore for the hardcore horror fans, but will turn away casual audiences.