A fantasy class-D story starring talented actors at their worst moment. [Full review in Spanish]
Don't waste your time.
Will any other movie ever be as amazing as this one?
LOTR copycat is so bad it's good -- for laughs.
It's not bad enough to warrant burning copies of, rather it'll sit on the back of video store shelves for the rest of its time and that's where it should stay.
If you can appreciate bad cinema, than I recommend it, but anyone that is looking to watch an actual good movie, avoid like the plague!
I wouldn't change a thing. It's been a while since I've seen Hollywood filmmaking this unsafe and unhinged.
Why in the world would I give a terrible, terrible move 1 star?Well, how can I call a film worthless when it's so awful that it provides unintended laughs?
Not only is Dungeon Siege the best film of Uwe Boll's career, but it's also guaranteed not to be the worst one released in its year.
Only Uwe Boll would assume that the moviegoing public craved a trashy Lord of the Rings rip-off starring Burt Reynolds and Matthew Lillard, and only he could then manage to make such a potentially riotous endeavor so humorless.
Uwe Boll uses his biggest budget ever to produce a cheap knockoff of LOTR, complete with an Orc-like army of beasts called Krug, elfin woodland beings, and a wizard-esque magus played by John Rhys-Davies, but without a comprehensible plot.
...like a Florida dinner theater production of The Lord of the Rings...
When King Burt Reynolds says, 'What kind of joke do the gods play on me?,' we feel the pain of a downslide that took him from No. 1 box-office star to appearing in an Uwe Boll schlockfest.
This Lord of the Rings wannabe gives fantasy adventures a bad name.
Just where this kingdom is I don't know, but since the king of the title is played by Burt Reynolds, I'm guessing it's the Lost Continent of Atlanta.
Boll is in fact fascinating - largely because his movies assume their audiences exist in an alternate dimension of human experience.
Like all Uwe Boll films, it is terrible. Sadly, it is perhaps not terrible enough.
Part of (the) sizable budget must have been spent on a medieval era cosmetic dental plan. I've never seen so many perfectly straight sparkling pearly whites in a time of brutes and hand-to-hand brutality.
Offers scenic locations, some passable special effects, a couple of large-scale battles, and an exceptionally incongruous cast ill-served by feeble scripting and indifferent direction.
A magnum dopus so utterly inept that it somehow comes off as perversely admirable. The other two people at Friday's matinee seemed to enjoy it, too.
Brevity is the soul of camp, and at close to two-and-a-half hours, Boll's film is just too exhausting to be fun.
The director, Uwe Boll, remains committed to long, dull, mediocre action films. His tenacity is a virtue.
If this isn't Boll's best effort to date, it's better than his usual output. If he can continue to improve, his name may no longer be synonymous with a punch line.
Like actors in an amateur stage play, the large, mostly all-star -- or has-been star -- cast of In the Name of the King: A Dungeon Siege Tale look, rather dazedly, to be playing dress-up.
Uwe Boll isn't the worst director in the world, but In the Name of the King might be more enjoyable if he were.
Boll clearly still has no idea how to direct or edit a movie, but there is evidence to suggest he has at least learned how to shoot one.
o Uwe Boll sakateyei allo ena video game, aynanizomenos me tis filodoksies toy gia Arhonta ton Dahtylidion, poy tha mporoyse na perasei os anekto tileoptiko epipedo Irakli, an den thymize toso poly Power Rangers
Boll is back and as bad as ever.
If Burt Reynolds supposedly punched PT Anderson in the nose for the crime of putting him in Boogie Nights, God only knows what he did to Uwe Boll for putting him in Dungeon Siege.
Fans looking to ridicule and laugh at the newest Boll adventure will be disappointed after the first 20 minutes. It was funny when it started, then it got boring. Too boring to even laugh at anymore.
Boll has been compared to Ed Wood, but there's nothing personal about his ineptitude; he's just a deal-maker completing a transaction. Save perhaps for his fan club of ironists, movies like In The Name Of The King could only make a ledger happy.
In the Name of the King would be irredeemable if not for its near-brilliant ability to give the viewer douche chills for 127 solid minutes.
Another lame copy of every crappy sword-and-sorcery epic ever made.
Easily lives down to what genre fans have come to recognize as the Boll standard.
The film never achieves a suitable level of camp that would make it at least unintentional fun. It also is terminally boring at its 127-minute running time, making one supremely grateful that a half-hour has been cut for this U.S. release.
A plodding patchwork of derivative fantasy-adventure, medieval production design, risible dialogue, unimpressive CGI trickery and haphazardly edited action sequences.
If imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, then Uwe Boll just spent 126 minutes telling Peter Jackson how thin, talented and gorgeous he is.
I would like to think that Uwe Boll is not a mentally-challenged individual. However, the incompetence of his movies speaks otherwise.
Boll manages to hold this disaster in the making together by infusing it with unexpected energy.
Is it any surprise that this film wasn't screened for any critic, anywhere in the free world? But even I was unprepared for the level of suckage this movie produced.
Though several battle scenes have surprising flair -- Hong Kong fight choreographer Tony Ching obviously came in handy -- the movie's too turgid to qualify as campy fun for more than a few fleeting moments.
Worse than a high school production of Lord of the Rings and as incoherent as a Miss Teen USA contestant.
Sort of like watching Lord of the Rings through a smudged television screen.
The biggest laugh occurred when one prisoner, chained to the wall of a cave, asked another chained prisoner, 'Where you from?'
This is a different kind of bad than, say, the glossy, homogenous, boring Hollywood bad we get from a Michael Bay. This is an impassioned, feverish bad, the kind that is as pure of heart as it is innocent of style. Ed Wood bad.
Though Boll now has his own fan base who love his awfulness -- the crowd I saw the movie with cheered when his name came up onscreen at the end -- he isn't consistent enough for my liking/disliking.
Is this movie so god-awful bad that it's hilariously good? Can't be bothered deciding. Figure that's an answer in itself.
While it does seem entirely likely that prepubescent boys will dig the heck out of this, In the Name of the King ultimately comes off as a pale carbon-copy of the Lord of the Rings series.
A major piece of crap. It shamelessly steals from J.R.R. Tolkien/Peter Jackson, but with none of the intelligence, heart and artistry.


@highlight

Featuring mostly wooden performances, laughable dialogue, and shoddy production values, In the Name of the King fulfills all expectations of an Uwe Boll film.