Structurally confused and suspect in its depiction of the events. Bad taste and poor decisions waylay any attempt at emotion.
Visually impressive and well-researched, The Summit certainly stirs up the terror and mystery that attended that disastrous weekend.
Remarkably, The Summit achieves some of the same dizzying impact as Gravity -- by philosophical and psychological means, rather than special effects.
The Summit rises above the foothills of cliché to bring some existential oomph to the accident scene.
The Summit picked up an editing prize at Sundance, which you can only surmise was awarded because the film does a fine job of leaving you as confused as the people on K2.
The subject is fascinating and the cinematic punch afforded by peaks so massive, inspiring with their terrible beauty is a filmmaker's dream.
It still works as a cautionary tale of man vs. nature hubris, but the endgame finger-pointing among survivors, their families, and one amazing Nepalese sherpa leaves the viewer frustrated.
You have a tangled story being told by director Nick Ryan and writer Mark Monroe in a somewhat tangled way. The result isn't as much confusing as it is distracting.
First-time director Nick Ryan isn't entirely up to the challenge in "The Summit," but he does deliver some dramatic and visual highs in the attempt.
The seriousness of the climbers' predicaments overshadows practically every quibble with the story.
This strikingly well-made documentary about a harrowing real-life incident lets itself down by taking a too-ambitious approach to the narrative.
At once repetitive and puzzling. There is a lot of finger-pointing. Assertions are made, theories offered, but not much in the way of certainty.
'The Summit' is at its best when it tries to get to the bottom of what went wrong up on that mountain, which leads to exploring what sent these people up there in the first place.
There's something unsettling about a real-life tragedy presented as an action film; that the filmmakers never acknowledge this is more unsettling yet.
It's frustrating not to know exactly what occurred when, how and to whom. Of course, some of this is due to the fact that nobody really knows everything that happened, except, as someone notes, the mountain itself.
"The Summit" is an impressive achievement, but there's a good reason to ask whether cameras are turning the planet into a playground for the reckless rich: because it's there.
Ryan's film is visually stunning and viscerally powerful but nearly incoherent in its packaging of information.
A film that feels curiously hollow.
recounts a harrowing tale of endurance, heroism, majesty and human psychology, but for a sport defined by slow, steady progress, Nick Ryan simply jumps around too much.
When it simply sticks to the facts of the tragedy, The Summit is gripping stuff.
"The Summit" does an amazing job of putting you on the mountain, making it one of the most terrifying horror films a climber or an acrophobe could ever see.
The Summit tries to make sense of what happened through this haze of fact and memory, but certain vital questions are left unanswered (through no fault of the filmmakers').
Nick Ryan's documentary The Summit pieces together the fateful expedition utilizing newsreel footage, new and old interviews with the climbers and their associates, and, regrettably, re-enactments.
The Summit joins a small but distinguished canon, which include Jon Krakauer's best-selling Into Thin Air and Kevin Macdonald's gripping documentary Touching the Void.
The way director Nick Ryan seamlessly intercuts the recreation of the climb with the abundant archival film of the actual climb makes this one of the best mountain climbing movies ever.
Homage to 37-year-old McDonnell and the others who perished or were seriously injured in that worst day on the world's most dangerous mountain.
I'm afraid it will only leave some audience members with the same nagging question I had at the beginning. Why on earth do people do this?
At once visually impressive and narratively unfocused.
A complex and gut-clenching human drama that has the great advantage of all being true.
A pulse-pounding success.
Director Nick Ryan mixes in re-creations and actual footage to tell of an ill-fated climb involving an international group of established mountaineers.
Director Nick Ryan dramatizes this horrific tale through a variety of hindsight interviews from survivors and the dead's loved ones, footage shot by the climbers during their mission, and staged recreations ...
Reenactments in documentaries are always a tricky business, but here, they feel necessary. The staged scenes communicate just how visceral mountaineering can be.
As you watch these actors, you appreciate the endeavor the climbers went through all the more-and as triumph turns to tragedy, you feel the grief winding its way through your shaken nervous systems.
It's a noble effort, but by wading into the murky waters of who acted heroically, and who, perhaps, did not, Ryan loses touch with the mountain itself ...
A gripping, cliffhanger document of a deadly trek up the most dangerous mountain on earth where 11 climbers lost their lives.

@highlight

While it could use more clarity than director Nick Ryan brings to bear, the real-life story behind The Summit still makes for compelling viewing.