It's all mildly entertaining (mostly because of the two leads), but too often comes off like either an extended Saturday Night Live sketch or an actual (and bad) romantic comedy.
... if you like rom-coms and/or laughing at familiar things, They Came Together will do you fine.
A clever and zany parody of romantic comedies.
Not every gag completely works, but there's enough genuinely funny writing here to keep audiences laughing throughout the movie's 83 entertaining minutes.
It's still possible to make a spoof movie that is biting, merciless, clever, and (most importantly) uproariously funny.
In an era where much of the spoof genre simply lazy repeats scenarios, [the film] brilliantly and hilariously deconstructs every aspect of the genre to provide one of the funniest films one is bound to see this year.
The film feels fatuous and irritatingly complacent. Everybody's calling attention to the barrage of familiar clichés without doing much to subvert them.
Rom-com tropes like the ''meet-cute'' are so tired that you can't just spoof them -- you have to spoof the spoofs, which this winking David Wain-Michael Showalter parody mostly succeeds at doing.
Hopefully will shame a few screenwriters into not writing that next Jessica Biel-Ashton Kutcher film.
They Came Together is here to kill romantic comedies, and yet, it's five years too late, like a Terminator who hasn't accounted for daylight savings.
It nails the romantic comedy spoof perfectly, to the point that even if you hate rom coms you can still enjoy it for its skewering of them.
The end result finds you abruptly flitting between laughter and disinterest, but is ultimately a rewarding enough experience.
It's essentially a 10-minute sketch stretched out to an 80-minute movie, which feels even longer.
Taking aim at the romantic comedy genre with mockery in one barrel and affection in the other, this scattershot spoof is very much hit and miss.
The film-makers highlight just how formulaic most romcoms are in their attitudes toward everything from race (they're invariably about white couples) to class and such stock types as angry ex-husbands.
As artificially sweet as one of Molly's lollipops - and about as satisfying one too: They Came Together is a breezy romp through the rom-coms of yesteryear that might just leave you craving the real thing.
David Wain's funny and well observed spoof romcom maintains its observational rigour from first to last, looking eerily just like just the kind of film it's sending up ...
Reinforcing the very rom-com tropes it's sending up, this is a little too postmodern for its own good. Happily, Poehler and Rudd are as irresistible as ever.
Writer-director David Wain proves that he's one of the finest comedy filmmakers working right now.
Solidly funny and blisteringly smart, this is not your average Date Movie.
How do you spoof a genre that's already a joke? Filmmakers David Wain and Michael Showalter clearly think the answer is to go for broke with a nonstop barrage of silliness, because some of the jokes are bound to stick.
The trouble is, the film's relentless meta-quirkiness never builds: it just clatters on, repeating itself.
"They Came Together" proves that spoof humor can still be quick and funny, and not have to consistently reach for the lowest common denominator. The wait was worth it.
Adorable, acidly funny and absurd in equal measures, this bouncy, gag-packed romcom spoof ain't quite as funny as it thinks. But when Paul meets Amy, they'll have you at 'Hello'...
Sets about skewering rom-com clichés in gleeful fashion, though the results are mixed at best.
David Wain has created a playfully bizarre takedown of the [romantic comedy] that just barely manages to not wear out its welcome.
A spot-on takedown of rom-com cliches ... scathingly satirical ... one of the funniest movies of the year.
The approach is sketchy instead of edgy, giving the impression that the film is indulging in the very cliches it's trying to mock.
A gleefully larger-than-life spoof of romantic comedies...
We'll have what they're having.
Predictable romcom send-up has racy sex scenes, language.
Really nothing more than Friedberg/Seltzer movie with A-Listers.
You'll laugh yourself silly
They Came Together is smart and incisive satire of the scorched-earth variety.
It's not as raunchy as the title suggests, but Paul Rudd and Amy Poehler pull off a hilarious sendup of every rom-com cliché with only a few (easily forgivable) missteps. I laughed a lot.
Who knew that a spoof of romantic comedies could be so hilarious, and entertaining?
It's a farce of the genre featuring pratfalls, absurdities and general buffoonery by its stellar cast.
The production has a clear goal for the humor here, and they execute everything with a freewheeling attitude. And there's Poehler in a suit of armor. That's always welcome too.
David Wain's They Came Together rolled the dice and tried to parody the romantic comedy. Fortunately, they succeeded about as well as anybody could hope for.
Unabashedly silly and farcical, it occasionally misfires, but once it finds its groove, They Came Together is, indeed, Wain's best movie since Wet Hot American Summer.
Wain's film is both a takedown and a tribute: As with his summer-camp-movie spoof Wet Hot American Summer, you walk away with a renewed love for the genre.
The problem with They Came Together is that what it settles on as the parody-able thing about romantic comedy is how generic it can feel.
Simply recreating what we know to be hackneyed and safe doesn't suddenly make it hilarious and surprising. There has to be a spin to it; there has to be some innovation.
At times laugh out loud-inducing, but ultimately feels more like a promising Saturday Night Live skit (the romcom couple?) than a standalone piece of entertainment.
I never stopped smirking as I watched the movie. But I would have traded all of it for half-a-dozen genuine smiles.
The rom-com is ripe fruit for spoofing, but They Came Together barely finds a drop of humour despite a cast that gets the juices flowing.
A series of hit-and-miss sketch-comedy bits rather than a fully realized movie that might have gutted contemporary rom-com clichés rather than just weakly aping them.
It's amusing enough summer entertainment with a winning cast ... and some genuine laughs thanks to its puppy-dog enthusiasm. And who doesn't like a dressing-to-impress montage?
Let's face it. Romantic comedies are easy targets for lampoons and parodies. Yet, David Wain's suggestively titled They Came Together never goes for the jugular when it comes to exposing the innate, formulaic dumbness of the genre.
It's a light-hearted film that is smarter than it seems-or as Wain once said, "a deliberately terrible romantic comedy."
They Came Together will likely appeal to rom-com fans as much as to those who find such films annoyingly clichéd.
It's occasionally funny but never quite the laugh riot you're hoping for.
It's still pretty nuts; it's just never transcendent and sometimes downright familiar. But, as we said, funny's funny.
"They Came Together" is occasionally very funny, and moderately funny the rest of the time. In mathematical terms that adds up to pretty funny or "funny enough."
Rudd and Poehler keep "They Came Together" floating along on a cloud of barely winking humor and their characters' shared love of "fiction books," Q-tips and coffee.
David Wain does the world a solid by giving glossy romantic comedies the Wet Hot American Summer treatment.
It's reliably silly fun worthy of the people involved, but it never reaches the level of "inspired."
May as well have been called Wet Hot Met Sally.
An enthusiastically zany comedy, made in the reality-bending tradition of a Zucker, Abrahams, and Zucker production.
When I think of the great comedic directors currently working in cinema, David Wain tops my list. Another big laugher from a very funny guy.
This rough-edged parody feels both distinctive and handmade, and for those reasons alone it's a hard movie to hate, even when it temporarily loses its comic footing.
...purposefully pushes the cliches of the romantic-comedy genre one step beyond their usual inanity.
Much of [the movie] will make you smile gently because it's familiar and taken to an extreme. Actual laughs may be harder to come by ...
A ponderous spoof of movie rom-coms that plummets stupidity to a new low even by Hollywood standards.
A truly biting satire, full of gut punches and belly laughs.
Rudd and Poehler are a delight together; she hits the broader gags with endearing enthusiasm, and he tweaks his own experience as a romantic leading man with deadpan irony.
A formulaic romantic comedy cranked up to 11, loud enough to make the audience hear the distortion.
Everyone involved seems above the rom-com conventions they're satirizing, so anxious to get to each punch line that they let the connective tissue languish.
A self-mocking, self-aware 80 minute/R-rated "Saturday Night Live" sketch in film form. And a funny one, at that.
Without a baseline for the comedy, the layers of spoof in "They Came Together" don't have the foundation to carry even a short movie.
The film fails to do what those rare, immortal rom-coms get right: take all of its individually pleasing ingredients and make a satisfying movie out of them.
What results is chaotic but ultimately focused, bound by an intense devotion to disassembling genre and narrative standards.
The leering title is the wittiest thing in this amiable comic misfire.
Paul Rudd and Amy Poehler have a ball skewering the conventions of romantic comedy.
No, it's not the tightest spoof movie around, but you'll laugh a lot.
There are probably funnier satires out there, but They Came Together Is laser accurate in the way it skewers its targets.
Even if the laughs peter out, your enjoyment doesn't, thanks mainly to a comedic cast on top form
They're not just making fun of rom-coms but of the idea of satire itself, or of the idea of jokes have to have meaning or logic or resonance. Fans will no doubt be amused; for everyone else, the results are so post-modern that they're post-funny.
A film that's as funny as it is silly, twisting every cliché in the rom-com cannon to impressive effect, so much so that you'll never be able to look at a Katherine Heigl movie in the same way again.
Inane, unavailing and ultimately, rather farcical, They Came Together defies the odds and somehow manages to maintain its hilarity, despite fearing the joke will wear thin after a mere matter of moments.
Made with an unrelenting enthusiasm that steps beyond its occasionally patchy comedy, They Came Together is smart, subversive and really quite funny.
This film needed more of what's great about Wain, Showalter and the gang: less story and more random-yet-accurate explanations of Pokemon statistics.
An orgasmic spoof of every romantic comedy since time immemorial.
A strange, funny mockery of an all-too-familiar weak-as-cold-tea combination of form, feeling and filmmaking that big-studio Rom-coms churn off an assembly line, They Came Together has a silly, goofy smile and a sharp, savage bite.
The film's weak double-entendre of a title should tell you there's nothing subversive going on here; every joke is pretty obvious.
Wain's best film since WET HOT AMERICAN SUMMER. Let's put it this way, if you get the double-entendre of the title and you think it's funny, this is for you.
[A] tiresome burlesque of spoofs that is too coyly absurd for its own good.
A lively comic jamboree that's sometimes smarter than it is funny and hits about as often as it misses, but is, on balance, a good deal of fun.
A very fast, often very funny riff on a very tired Hollywood formula.

@highlight

They Came Together is surprisingly messy and perhaps too smart for its own good, but Amy Poehler and Paul Rudd's chemistry is enough to overcome many of the movie's flaws.