What's there is a well-crafted holiday picture, universal in appeal and scope that lights up laughter and maybe earns a few tears.
Almost Christmas follows a series of predictable twists, that doesn't negate its charm.
You can't fault the film for its efficiency. Each of these idylls is threatened by a problem that will be solved within a reasonably tidy running time.
There is a bit of holiday charm in this film, and a story about family coming together after a big loss, but it is buried in a series of slapstick situations and heavy-handed holiday schmaltz.
Aside from the traditional spaghetti set-up of conflicts that will unfurl and be resolved with good cheer around the turkey, David E Talbert's film has a rather moving backstory about the death of the family matriarch the previous year.
Okay, we have seen worse Christmas movies.
Maybe not a Christmas cracker, but it's warming festive fun, nonetheless.
Almost unbearable would be a better title.
Movies where a large family gathers to celebrate Christmas only have to nail one scene, and Almost Christmas does, more or less.
Almost Christmas also follows that oft-tried but rarely true formula of the ensemble comedy, whereby a half-dozen storylines are crammed into a single feature film in the hopes of covering as much thematic ground as possible.
If the cast is willing, I'm sure other Meyers family reunions will follow, although none is likely to be as sweet as this sugar plum.
If you have family, you'll relate to *this* family.
The movie takes a few calamitous turns at its climax, dangerously approaching broad slapstick and villainizing a character we've come to love. But mainly, it's a fun and boisterous countdown to the big meal.
The effort of decorating and cooking doesn't guarantee that Christmas will ever be as rewarding as it should be. We're related to people whether we like them or not. That may be why even something as programmed as Almost Christmas seems likably authentic.
Almost Christmas delivers the gift-wrapped goods thanks to some downright funny scenes and the blissfully hilarious presence of Mo'nique.
The Mo'Smoove factor is such a sure thing, it seems writer/director David E. Talbert barely bothered giving them a script to work with.
Talbert's sweet potato pie makes for a treat, with a enough laughs to keep us going until the exact right moment for some tears.
Familiar and formulaic, including the outtakes during the final credits.
Almost Christmas doesn't set a new standard for family holiday comedies, but its cast and a handful of outrageously funny moments make it worthwhile for fans of the genre.
There are some scattered laughs along the way, although the screenplay functions as a checklist of dysfunctional family clichés with eye-rolling contrivances and an aggressive push for seasonal sentimentality.
Sometimes, amid the holiday excess and overindulgence, you need a comic palate cleanser. Think of this as a cinematic After Eight mint.
While lacking in surprises, it's full of charm, thanks to an ensemble that makes it look like they had a blast making this movie.
I am giving this a mild recommend for those looking for a new flick to get them into the early holiday spirit. (Full Content Review for Parents - Sexual Content, Profanity, etc. - also Available)
Pleasant, if not completely convoluted with too many characters and not enough development with any.
For most of its two-hour running time, the predictable, unimaginative Almost Christmas is merely almost funny.
Talented cast elevates dysfunctional-family holiday comedy.
Almost Christmas seems like a film that was taken out of the oven too early, leaving an underdone product on the table.
Maybe the laziest and shoddiest family holiday fare on film ever perpetrated. No glowing memories to be found here at all.
The committed performances by the cast of talented actors are what elevates Almost Christmas above complaints about its familiarity and melodrama.
The fact that this Xmas family film released on Veterans Day makes it unique. Sadly, that's about it.
Almost Christmas goes light enough on the cliché and gives the stacked cast - which also includes J.B. Smoove, Gabrielle Union, Omar Epps and Romany Malco - enough decent material that the film remains relatively lively.
It's as predictable as your aunt's holiday stuffing, but the cast finds some places to open up the material.
On a few, all-too-rare occasions, comedic sparks fly.
The epiphanies go down like eggnog, along with the smooth R'n'B and jazz on the soundtrack.
"Almost Christmas" is an often disarmingly entertaining picture, in spite of its being a not particularly well-thought-out cinematic contrivance.
Almost Christmas plays both sides of the comedy-drama equation broadly, which serves one at the expense of the other.
The film's energy can be relentless, but the feelings are real, and they're wrapped in a dysfunctional-family package that's so venerable and endearing as to seem a little bit new.
"Almost Christmas" doesn't overwhelm or inspire, but it's easily digestible and offers plenty of charisma to get by, displaying some life with family woes.
A standard entry in a formulaic genre, though the actors occasionally sparkle.
It's too bad that so attractive a cast was burdened with trying to inject some fun into such piffle...a far from festive cinematic experience.
Give [Talbert] a potful of holiday movie clichés and he's good to go.
Is it a good movie? Not particularly.
Even with the revolving door of characters and plot developments, there are some laughs in "Almost Christmas."
Holiday movies about dysfunctional families are reassuring because their batty characters make our own relatives look harmless by comparison; this seasonal comedy delivers those tidings of comfort if not always joy.
There are more grins than laugh-out-loud moments.
In all, it's a pleasant enough way to spend two quiet hours with the extended family, but Almost Christmas probably won't be your next holiday tradition.
It's lazy to fall back on actors ad-libbing, but it's only a crime when they don't bring it.
We get too many slapstick set pieces and extraneous subplots that bog down the proceedings.
It busies itself assembling the kind and number of subplots that create mounting dread about the marathon of resolution they will require in the final half hour.
The film is most affecting in its simpler moments, particularly those revolving around food.
It's a very entertaining stocking stuffer.
Almost Christmas aptly captures the universal experience of family holiday gatherings with all the emotional luggage, old scores to settle and opportunities to start afresh.
All I want for Christmas is my two hours back.
Like a self-help book for dysfunctional families facing the holidays together, "Almost Christmas" is a collection of sketches - not really a story - that explore awkward pre-Yuletide social situations.
If you love Christmas movies for all the reasons that make them Christmas movies, Almost Christmas is a Christmas movie for you.
The cast is first-rate, and deserves far better material.
A bad Christmas movie can give off all the warmth of a televised yule log, but David E. Talbert, the writer-director of "Almost Christmas," has assembled a gifted cast and given them a chance to stretch out and play with their roles.
Talbert ... follows formula for the overcrowded and overplotted Noel-season movie, ladling out too-generous portions of churchiness, multigenerational dance-off, and Mars vs. Venus sermonizing.
Christmas film comfort food, packed with cliches but an amusing antidote to the most toxic fall in recent American history

@highlight

While far from the worst holiday dramedy audiences could hope for, Almost Christmas isn't distinctive enough to prompt a visit to the theater -- or annual yuletide viewings.