In the end we remember the friendship that united Truffaut and Hitchcock, the communication they continued to have over the years. [Full review in Spanish]
Necessary viewing for film lovers.
Hitchcock/Truffaut isn't just an invaluable in-depth study of one of cinema's greatest masters, it's also an incredible text about two artists who admired each other.
Cineastes will love Hitchcock/Truffaut, and film students shouldn't miss it.
This is a film for movie buffs that even the casual movie fan can appreciate.
A manifestation of the passion that cinema sparks, as exemplified by one of the most significant acts of filmic obsession in the medium's lifetime.
A genuine treat for cinephiles.
Hitchcock/Truffaut is Kent Jones' meticulous work in which commentary and conversation overlap, charting the art of filmmaking.
Hitchcock's legendary wit is on show, as is the enduring influence of his work on subsequent filmmakers.
If it encourages a few more people to revisit Hitchcock's films -- or track down a copy of Truffaut's tome -- that's hardly a bad thing.
Engaging, though not terribly revealing...
Despite its historical subject, "Hitchcock/Truffaut" adeptly proves the timelessness of cinema.
Jones has laid enough of a foundation on Hitchcock's style that viewers can watch one of cinema's most famous moments with fresh eyes.
It brings the pages to life with clips and photos and the sound of the directors talking seriously and less seriously.
Pretension is always with us, but the documentary's main effect will surely be to make you want to see Hitchcock's films (including the marvel that is Marnie) all over again.
Afilm buff's film about Hitch, Truffaut and the interviews that became one of the Holy Texts of cinema appreciation.
It is filled with revelations and also, of course, filled with excerpts from some of the greatest films ever made.
[Works] equally well as a perceptive essay for the experienced and an engaging primer for initiates.
A surprisingly intimate, revealing and engaging documentary
If you love Hitchcock's films or are interested in cinema, you will be fascinated by this documentary that shows the genius of 'the man who wrote with a camera'
It's not in-depth criticism, but as an unabashedly fannish appreciation of a genius, it's pretty infectious and great.
Further buttresses our cineaste convictions that Hitch was one of the craftiest, wittiest auteurs to ever look at the world through a camera lens.
Cinema is a discussion, a process of learning from one filmmaker and teaching to the next, and in that wonderful way, 'Hitchcock/Truffaut' isn't just about that book. It is that book.
What do Richard Linklater films have to do with Hitchcock's? What about Wes Anderson's? The most interesting part is realizing how each filmmaker that intervenes in this documentary makes Hitchcock's cinema their own. [Full Review in Spanish]
The documentary doesn't try to explain Hitchcock's films, but works as a mere adaptation of Truffaut's book. [Full review in Spanish]
This film should be an obligatory watch in films schools everywhere. [Full review in Spanish]
Hitchcock fans won't find any especially startling new insights here; rather, the film will probably work most effectively as a primer for those curious about the titular directors and ready to delve deeper.
A must-see conversation. [Full review in Spanish]
Even though it's creative and cleverly edited, Hitchcock/Truffaut it's not an original piece of work and doesn't add anything in cinematic terms. [Full review in Spanish]
Helen Mirren is perfectly cast as Hitchcock's wife Alma, with whom he often collaborated.
A real treat for cinephiles.
Aside from a handful of chin-stroking French intellectuals, 50 years ago most people dismissed Alfred Hitchcock as a mere entertainer. This beautifully crafted documentary celebrates the 1966 book that did much to change this perception.
There's no shortage of film-themed documentaries that have dealt in some way with Sir Alfred and his career, but "Hitchcock/Truffaut" introduces a new element by allowing Hitch to comment on his movies.
It makes you immediately want to re-watch all his work.
A fantastic choice for film buffs filled with moments to treasure from greats such as Vertigo and Psycho.
It's great to hear audio of these exchanges, and the new interviews that make up the bulk of the film are entertaining, erudite, and (most importantly) refreshingly enthusiastic.
If nothing else, it works as an essential complement to the book
Catnip for cinephiles.
The only drawbacks to an excellent documentary are the skimpy treatment of Hitchcock's 1930s British work and the lack of diversity among the interviewees. Jones could have included at least one or two female film-makers.
The plentiful clips from across the Hitchcock canon are slickly assembled, but there's too much awed blather and too few fresh insights.
What a gorgeous and enlightening documentary Hitchcock/Truffaut is, even for the non-cinephile.
It's hard not to be infectiously drawn in by the passion on display here.
A treat for Hitchcock fans and cineastes, this is absolutely a primer for any and all budding filmmakers and should send people rushing out to get a book that's still in print and still arguably the most indispensible tome on movies ever written.
Hitchcock's ability to balance art and entertainment seems almost Shakespearean at times, and this thing will have you watching Shadow of a Doubt or The Birds for the first or the 501st time. Nothing wrong with that.
The material begs for a much longer consideration than the film's trim 79 minutes, but it's still a must-watch for serious film fans.
Hitchcock/Truffaut's own classical presentation feels like it could be a radical proposition of sorts.
A landmark film book gets its just deserts. The cleverly curated clips are stunning and the analysis thought-provoking in this richly rewarding piece.
Out-of-focus ideas don't hamstring what is still an interesting companion to the original work.
More educational than all the seminars you can take at place at NYU or UCLA over a decade put together.
Truffaut/Hitchcock does not supplant Truffaut's book but supplements it...
The doc's director, Kent Jones, resists the temptation to make a devout, biblical movie as an exercise in mere cinematic adoration... Jones offers up a multi-layered examination of the meeting.
Filmmaker Kent Jones captures the spirit of the book, even if the documentary strays into generalized observations about Hitchcock's art.
An engaging film.
Watching "Hitchcock/Truffaut" is like taking a film class, albeit a film class with a master teacher and some of the brightest students you'll ever meet.
A lot of films are based on written stories, novels, short stories, news articles, but here is a documentary about a book written 50 years ago by one filmmaker about another filmmaker he admired.
Smartly conveys the significance of this text in the history of movie-making being taken seriously as an art form.
Anytime you get smart and accomplished filmmakers talking about film, theory and their respective styles, the results are rewarding.
If you know a lot about the two filmmakers, what's on screen is so elementary, PBS boring, not helped by Bob Balaban's schoolmarm narration.
A tribute to both Hitchcock and Truffaut...an engaging treatment of how Truffaut's project came about and the impact his book has had on filmmakers ever since.
I still remember buying the paperback book Hitchcock/Truffaut.... Fifty years on, it's still one of the most important books any cinephile should own. And, it is, finally, a heck of a movie.
An early Christmas present for movie lovers.
The documentary is really just an extension of the book, with clips from the movies and commentary by the directors. That's more than enough, although I would have liked a little more on Truffaut's life and career.
A must for any fan of Hitchcock and Truffaut, even if you think you know all there is to know about both.
You won't have a merrier time at the movies this holiday season.
The two men come alive (responses that seemed dry or diffident on paper are tinged with humor, with audacity, even), and so, too, do the images.
It conveys not just the artistry of a popular director but also captures a passion for cinema as a way of life.
The meeting of the two men becomes increasingly fruitful, and there's the sense of a private genius finally allowing himself to tip his hand.
Everything in the existing version ofHitchcock/Truffautis gold, to be sure, but there are still riches left in the vein.
If you are interested in movies -- and, specifically, how they work on our brains and emotions -- you should definitely see "Hitchcock/Truffaut."
An outrageously good documentary.
In an age in which celebrity gossip and page views trump all, hearing two masters talk intelligently about movies and how they're made is, if nothing else, a welcome treat.
If the documentary concentrates on the mechanical aspects of filmmaking, that's clearly because it was Hitchcock's preference.
"Hitchcock/Truffaut" gets a lot done in only 79 minutes.
It's a fascinating sit that's loaded with respect and curiosity about both men, but generally keeps in line with Truffaut's book, genuflecting before Hitchcock.
While Hitchcock/Truffaut the book remains a far more insightful examination of Hitchcock's style, the film offers more than enough entertaining inside stories and critical analysis of his films to recommend to any fan of the master's work.
Fascinating. A must-see for all aspiring filmmakers.
Anyone who loves movies and things about movies will thoroughly enjoy "Hitchcock/Truffaut."
Hitchcock/Truffaut unites both Hitchcock veterans and novices in an unique experience that is just a gateway to a bigger adventure.
Hitchcock is essential; Truffaut is essential; the book is essential; Kent Jones' "Hitchcock/Truffaut" is not quite so, but it's a very enjoyable appendix.
...the conversations surrounding Hitchcock's films in Hitchcock/Truffaut are little more than serviceable primers to the director's work.
A documentary tribute to the career of the director Alfred Hitchcock.
The contributions are generally illuminating; it's always fun hearing Scorsese warm to a topic (you really feel Hitchcock is an element he swims in like a seal).
This all-male discussion is fascinating on the topic of the director's visual style, his approach to actors and his Catholicism, but is largely silent about his voyeurism, let alone his misogyny.
The pleasures are similar to revisiting the old film canon - not to mention from watching a clips-and-talking-heads doc made by someone with an intimate and insightful knowledge of a boundlessly rich subject.
A lively, spectacularly entertaining documentary by filmmaker, archivist and historian Kent Jones.
Use this documentary as an introduction to the book, then use the book, like a Christmas catalog, to order up viewings, or re-viewings, of Hitchcock's deliciously, diabolically deathless films.
a quick moving, thoroughly absorbing film class that never bogs down in academia.
Kent Jones' doc on the groundbreaking interview book gets you drunk on Hitchcock's films again. Nirvana for movie lovers.
For all his bankability, Hitch was underappreciated until this study came along. Jones vibes off that idea, turning Truffaut's enthusiasm into an honorable act of reclamation.
This is a jewel box of a movie for anyone who loves either Hitchcock or Truffaut-or better yet, both.
Hitchcock/Truffaut packs plenty of cogent observations into a modest package, but avoids turning into a Cliff's Notes version of the book, instead using it and its history as a jumping-off point for new insights.
May be the most effective inducement to pick up a book since Oprah's Book Club left the air.
The result is a crackling examination of the creative process, and not just Hitchcock's and/or Truffaut's.
Both entertaining and educational, a kind of illustrated Film 101 class filled with Hitchcock's mordant humour . . . and deliciously pungent details of his moviemaking.
"Hitchcock/Truffaut" offers a lot of ideas to contemplate and discuss, especially if you're a lover of Hitchcock's works.
Mr. Jones fashions an unfaltering encomium that's entirely free of the highfalutin monologues that might deter noncinephiles.
It's a terrific primer on an important slice of film history.
Catnip for movie buffs.
Just be prepared: This movie is only the first part of an endless film festival. Because once the credits roll, you're going to want to seek out a real Hitchcock movie immediately. And then another. And another...
An arresting précis, sharply edited and generous with its film clips - it's a smashing supplement to Truffaut's classic study.
A wider range of interview subjects might have broadened the perspective, yet before criticizing a tradition, it's useful to define it, and Jones ... offers deep insight into the watershed moment and the enduring forms of Hitchcock's canonization.
A buoyant tribute, even if the pedigree of the project implies something more paradigm-shifting.
It makes for a lively documentary subject for critic/director Kent Jones, despite a dearth of archival video and photos of the famous exchange.
Hitchcock/Truffaut rises above an archival exercise to become a piece of criticism itself.
Reverential documentary deconstructing Hitchcock's genius through the eyes of a protege and other admiring directors.
'Hitchcock/Truffaut' is like an entire semester of film school dumped in your lap. And it is absolutely terrific.
The fact is that Hitchcock made some of the poorest movies of his career after "Hitchcock/Truffaut'' vaulted him to the top of the pantheon - but you wouldn't know it from this documentary, aimed at newcomers to Hitchcock's work.
Graced by the exemplary print condition of the many titles it excerpts, this documentary will be a top draw wherever films about filmmakers are welcome.
Accessible yet intelligent, the 80-minute docu should reward institutional retrospectives and homevideo viewing alike.
Enjoyable documentary is a tribute to a pioneering act of cinephilia, cinema criticism and living ancestor worship.
A riveting documentary that captures the personalities of the two men.
A curated chat with some very articulate and respectful commentators on the book's subject.
The film adds nothing to a text that is universally acknowledged as a classic.
An entertaining gateway to a great book and Hitchcock's oeuvre.
Hitchcock/Truffaut is a snappy and informative love letter written by many different filmmakers to one great one.

@highlight

Essential viewing for cineastes while still offering rich rewards for neophytes, Hitchcock/Truffaut offers an affectionate -- and well-crafted -- tribute to a legend.