Hollywood has finally found the key to bringing a Seuss story satisfactorily to life.
A frequently beguiling fantasy packed with ticklish sights and vocals
Horton started as a book, less that 40 pages long. To make it a feature seems just a little bit wrong. The magic of Seuss isn't quite there. It's got the look but it's missing some flair.
Taking on Seuss has proven a challenge for Hollywood, but a nice balance has been struck here between authenticity and new ideas. This one's a winner.
Horton Hears a Who! -- Dr. Seuss' imagination never goes out of style.
What is most remarkable about this film is the fidelity it retains to Seuss' work and intentions.
Lovely and only marred by a slightly sagging middle and a gratuitous, tacked on pop song finale.
Even if Horton's world can't shine like Whoville, this movie's visuals keeps things vivid, while digital animation is so often crisp, precise, and cold.
The movie is sweet, but not really memorable.
Earth, as Robert Frost thought, might be the right place for love, but television is certainly the right place for Dr. Seuss.
Sygkratimeno kai petyhimeno hioymor demeno me to eggyimeno ap' tin ypografi ton dimioyrgon toy Ice Age (2002) animation, to Horton Hears a Who den proorizetai pantheon, alla apotelei toylahiston aksiologotati epilogi kyrios (alla ohi apokleistika) gia nea
Adds a manic spin that strains to convey far too many moral messages while overloading the film with wacky action.
The metaphysical angle is too awkward: Horton comes off like a Giant Flying Spaghetti Monster.
after the overcooked live action Grinch and nauseating Cat In The Hat, Hollywood has finally served up a tasty adaptation of Dr. Seuss.
Perfect for children, for adults not so much.
Teeters throughout at that juncture between masterpiece and piffle.
[The filmmakers] capture the whimsy of Seuss' drawings and add a nice tactile feel.
A mediocre movie's a mediocre movie, no matter how overhyped, overblown and overbearing.
Succeeds where previous Dr. Seuss adaptations have fallen short, most notably by using animation -- fluid, elastic, genuinely Seussian animation -- to tell the story.
Despite the stretch of adapting Horton's tale to a feature movie, Dr. Seuss' original story and the worlds he created, plus some particularly winning characters, put Horton Hears A Who! over the top.
The elephant, the stars' names, the digital production, the critical buzz, and the product tie-ins -- with all this going on, the movie can't help but be huge.
Charming, funny, with great turns from a juicy cast and the added bonus of minimal finger-wagging. Just stay well clear if you're not in a good place for psychosis-inducing imagery.
Claims that the film truly captures Dr. Seuss' story and spirit are at the very least exaggerated.
The kids will love this movie...
Beautifully realised, entertainingly absurd and as true to the original as a feature-length expansion can be, this animated allegory gets the child in all of us to think big thoughts about small things.
Occasionally charming, frequently dull, and terrible just often enough to be dissatisfying more often than not.
After two painful messes, Hollywood gets Dr. Seuss right with Horton Hears a Who!
The animation's ok. I didn't like Jim Carrey. I thought he was a distraction.
Only scratches the surface of what makes the author's works resonate.
It's better than live action "Cat in the Hat," and "The Grinch," even if that's not saying much.
Delightfully frivolous, but grounded in reality, this inventive animation based on the Dr Seuss story, will amuse, enchant and inspire one and all - no matter how big or small.
Delightful adaptation of the Dr. Seuss classic is sure to entertain the kids, and the parents won't be too far behind.
None of the millions of dollars in cutting-edge animation and high-priced talent have managed to come up with anything quite approximating the charms and delights that Dr. Seuss was able to conjure up in just a handful of storybook pages.
The animation is beautiful and the story's nice message of tolerance booms across loud and clear.
Could do for intelligent design what An Inconvenient Truth did for global warming.
A bit too much on the frenetic side, the movie is nonetheless colorful and diverting.
An enjoyable movie that will bring back many fond memories,
Pure Seuss, with plenty of Flower Power to spare. Not to mention that when paying attention to all the possibilities of this planet and beyond, size indeed matters.
Although he's often over-the-top in some of his films, to his credit Carrey puts his ego aside in this movie and lets Horton be the star of the film just as he was written to be.
It amounts to making entertainment for adults by hijacking a story intended for kids...
Seuss' genius, updated for the masses. It's a curious mix, and it isn't always successful, but there's no doubt that this jumbled tale is the best mass-market adaptation yet of one of Seuss' works.
Watch your back, Dumbo. You have heavy competition now from Horton!
I think you'll love this pachyderm. On Horton's charms I must stand firm.
A sparkling 'toon that ought to have the family crowd lining up. Seamlessly blends the charming Seussical brand of wit and wisdom with animated thrills today's movie audiences expect.
Everything in the movie (Whoville in particular) seems hyperactive, noisy and shrill -- and yet, for all the manufactured carry-on, there isn't enough story for a feature film.
It feels empty and over-inflated, with the book's simple charms lost in the filler dreamed up by screenwriters Ken Daurio and Cinco Paul.
As long as it sticks to Seuss -- which, given the brevity of the book, amounts to about a third of the 88-minute running time -- Horton makes for charming, kid-friendly entertainment.
The sad thing is that this Horton doesn't stick by its central message -- that every voice counts -- the way Horton sticks to the Whos. It pretends to, but the sincerity is just too scary to commit to fully.
best Seussical adaptation for the big screen yet
The team behind Ice Age capture the Seussian visuals without squishing emotions or squelching the sing-songy language. Listen closely: It's the sound of a million Who fans cheering.
Frequently charming, beautifully drawn and far more faithful in spirit to the source material than those dreadful Ron Howard-Brian Grazer productions.
And a motto moguls should take some time learning, if they'd like their movies to finally be earning, for it's not the cash that makes a prize of the art, but the warmth of the tale, and the size of the heart.
The computer-animated Horton is largely funny and faithful to the spirit of the Dr. Seuss book.
This new Horton 'toon may be state of the art. But it's great virtue isn't the 3-D animation. It's the good Doctor, whose writing about Whos never goes out of style.
Stretched to 85 minutes and padded with action, the story often loses focus and resonance, and seems crammed with modernized material, as if Seuss' themes were insufficient.
At times, the action in Horton overwhelms its softer, more Seussian traits. At these moments, the picture comes across as just another computer-animated film -- and there must be 100 by now -- about an animal on a quest.
This Horton Hears a Who! never loses sight of the simple but perennially powerful theme at the heart of Seuss' tale: 'a person's a person, no matter how small.'
It's a success as a movie, but it still isn't quite perfect as a Seuss adaptation.
Horton is mostly up to the challenge of adapting Seuss' brief, deceptively simple books to the 90-minute format of kids' movies.
The movie proves a funny, elevating ride that should beguile the young and keep their parents or grandparents enthralled too. For once, the G rating stands for Glorious.
doesn't have the brisk economy of the original book, but the animated Horton feels nevertheless close to the sweet, quirky heart of Dr. Seuss.
Yes, Horton Hears a Who! has been dragged into the modern age, nowhere near as hyperactively as the Shrek movies, but not without damage.
Horton Hears a Who! is razzle-dazzling and artful, and it builds on Seuss' words by the clever cart-full.
When Horton sticks to the sweet, funny spirit of its source, though, all's right with the worlds, big and little.
This is animation most animate, a kid-pic so rare, that even adults will fall off their chairs!
On the 14th of March, from the Land of L.A., comes a film based on Seuss that I'm happy to say, isn't overblown junk like The Cat in The Hat -- a movie that messed with the book and fell flat.
Compared with those mega-budget predecessors, the adaptation sticks pretty close to the text and tone of the book, faithful enough to earn its just reward.
It works. As a kid flick, as a legitimate comedy, as a worthy extrapolation from the original book. The rendering of Theodor Seuss Geisel's characters and worlds here feel remarkably lifelike and put rerecent live-action monstrosities to shame.
Horton Hears a Who! brings a masterwork into the here and now with both respect and wide-eyed enthusiasm. So smart, so stimulating, so much fun.
It's metaphysically literal, or literally metaphysical.
It's a relief then that writers Cinco Paul and Ken Daurio have fun with the belief that all humor doesn't have to be of the wink-nudge variety to appeal to adults in the 'plex.
Directors Jimmy Hayward and Steve Martino direct with a keen eye for bringing Dr. Seuss' whimsical drawings and humanistic message to CG life.
It's so funny and good-natured that I can't imagine anybody not smiling through it. Not even a Grinch.
Your enjoyment of this G-rated enterprise will have everything to do with how much you're willing to overlook: how much story padding, how many references to Henry Kissinger or Apocalypse Now or MySpace. Does Seuss need any of this?
If you're willing to ignore the Hollywood gloss and enjoy the cinematic experience, you'll find a Horton that's faithful, if not 100 percent, to the spirit of the beloved children's classic.
The tolerance and loopy poetry of the beloved book by Dr. Seuss have been nicely captured in this CGI adaptation.
Horton Hears a Who! represents a fresh, and mostly refreshing, approach in Hollywood's pillaging of the good doctor's oeuvre.
Carrey and the animators imbue Horton with resilience and elan that merge into an oddball grace, and Carell is more touching as the beleaguered Whoville mayor with 96 daughters
Horton is an elephant, and elephants are faithful 100-percent. Too bad we human beings can't always say the same thing, Horton Hears a Who! a wonderfully entertaining reminder that the world is far larger place than just our front doorstep.
Seuss' stories depend on an economy of line, both in their rhymes and their drawings. 'Horton,' to some extent, respects this...
"Dr. Seuss' Horton Hears a Who" is an inspired cinematic adaptation that improves on the book in a way that a movie of this magnitude should.
Explores the innate value in each of us, the need for persistence in doing the right thing no matter the odds, and it's a metaphor for faith itself.
a flat-out winner that's funny and has a great message for kids and adults alike.
[W]hat has Hollywood done with this gentle plea for tolerance? It has been turned into something that looks astonishingly like far-right propaganda about how Christians are a persecuted minority -- as if this were 100AD in the Roman Empire...
They finally got Dr. Seuss right in this warm-hearted and heart-warming story of the elephant who is "faithful 100 percent" and the world on a little speck of dust that he rescues.
It's almost as if the filmmakers watched the two recent live action Seuss adaptations and vowed to avoid all the mistakes that were made.
Horton Hears a Who! is lovable and embraceable (like the film's main character) and touchingly funny.
Kids will laugh at Horton's antics, while parents won't sprain any muscles rolling their eyes.
Carrey's performance is uncharacteristically measured and relaxed, and he's funnier than he has been in years.
One book can't contain Horton's dogged heroics!His stoical pluck shows up all other stoics!And it gets even better! I'm pleased to relateThat Horton's the very best Blue Sky to date.
Exquisite... Listen closely to Horton Hears a Who! You might be surprised by what you hear.
While the crisp CG animations are enough to move this film into the cartoon greats category, also the all-star cast, hilarious wit and virtuous messages have instantly made Horton Hears a Who! into a children's classic.
Joyously maintains the rhythmic syntax and considerate spirit of Dr. Seuss.
Horton Hears a Who still shines with a fresh coat of mass-appeal shellac, just don't walk in expecting something as cozy and magical as the original book.
After ghastly, eye-corroding recent efforts, Ron Howard and Mike Myers, I'm looking at you - Horton Hears a Who offers a welcome and wonderful respite to those convinced we might never see a worthy feature adaptation of a Dr. Seuss book.
Thankfully, this colorful adaptation has filled out Horton's original adventure without losing sight of its simple but important message.
A joyous and kind-hearted romp with Horton the caring elephant who is on a mission of mercy for the small ones.
Anyone who suffered through Carrey's turn as the Grinch would be forgiven for staying away from any further such pairing simply on principle. But to shun the newest Carrey-Seuss mix out of spite would be a shame because this movie is a delight.
Earlier big-screen adaptations have smothered the good doctor's unpretentious whimsy under layers of production bloat. Horton feels as blithe and confident of its unpretentious virtues as its long-nosed hero.
Horton is a wonderful family outing for parents to share with their children.
Wacky and wondrous - it's bountiful fun for children of all ages.
Dr. Seuss' Horton Hears a Who! is by far the best of the recent movie features that were based on late author and artist Theodor Seuss Geisel's beloved children's books.
What distinguishes Horton Hears a Who! from the other recent Dr. Seuss film adaptations is that it is not one of the worst movies ever made.
...perfectly satisfying, if not jump-up-and-down brilliant.
Just because the live-action Seusses have dialed down expectations doesn't mean that Horton shouldn't aspire to more than time-wasting mediocrity.
Jim Carrey returns in his second starring role opposite Seuss' Whos, but this time the folks behind Ice Age have the good sense to keep the tale animated.
What could be translated into a wonderful and even educational thirty-minute short is stretched and padded to the brink when forced to fill out a feature-length running time.
For the first time, Hollywood has made a whimsical, witty, feature-length version of Dr. Seuss that's neither overblown nor smutty nor emotionally hollow.
Seuss lovers may now heave a sigh of relief. Unlike those behind the recent live-action grotesqueries The Grinch and Cat in the Hat, the makers of the Horton Hears a Who! do well by the great, good medic of metrical writing.
A computer-animated feature that strikes an amiable balance between honoring the text and the dictates of contemporary animation, the film is as good as one could hope for in this era of post-literate impatience.
The celeb voices just distractingly pull you out of a world that's supposed to sound like an imagination run wild, not half the cast of The 40-Year-Old Virgin.
For adults, its charms eventually wear thin, but there are enough loud special effects and scary sequences to hold the attention of its preteen audience.
Dr. Seuss' Horton Hears a Who! is the first feature-length Seuss movie adaptation to adequately evoke the warmhearted eccentricity of Theodore Geisel's classic children's books.
Horton Hears a Who! doesn't enter the live-action realm, which is a good thing, but the lengthened result has its own charm and is enjoyable in a family-friendly sort of way, even if it feels a little like Dr. Seuss by way of Ice Age.
Warm, playful and inventive.
Although the voice talent is good and the animation amazing, Horton Hears a Who! has never needed more than Geisel's simple words and drawings to get its points across, brilliantly.
Adorable 'toon fun for all, no matter how small.
The overarching lesson for kids is to trust those who claim to hear voices, as well as compulsively worry that any time they bust out a dust cloth, they may be destroying thousands of civilizations. Huh.
Blows up what's essentially a sweet little fable into something far bigger and louder, but...retains just enough of the original's charm to make good family fare.
It would be pretty hard to muck up this Dr. Seuss story and its kid-friendly parable about the rights of all beings, no matter their size or shape, to the basic freedoms of life and liberty.
Lacking much of the sarcastic edge found throughout Pixar's hits, we're able to appreciate the naive optimism that endears Seuss' creations to us, without looking for a rotten ironic core.
If I ran the circus, the gang that made the sturdy, witty, inventively animated Dr. Seuss' Horton Hears a Who! would get first dibs on any future movie productions of the Theodor Seuss Geisel canon.
While Horton scores points for its design, it fails miserably in the script department.
Horton may hear a Who, but the rest of us may hear a lot of hoopla, and it's not all the charming sort you expect from a benign Seussian world.
bears little resemblance to the "Horton" I imagined in my youth, but the kiddies that filled the theater around me seemed to eat it all up.
Beautiful animation combined with innovative story-telling make this a great family film that won't dull the wits of the children watching it.
Who among us can resist an animated elephant, or even a lethargic one?
Respect is what Horton's preaching, and that's a message to be foisted on children guilt-free.
No elevating moments, but a few of pure mirth: "In my world," says one of the film's furry woodland creatures, "everybody's a pony, they eat rainbows and poop butterflies ... " Now that would be something to see.
A delight, brimming with colorful, elastic characters and bountiful wit.
This is easily my favorite Seuss story (written in 1954, animated as a 30 minute TV special in 1970). New feature version enjoys great animation, but not so magical voicing.


@highlight

Horton Hears A Who! is both whimsical and heartwarming, and is the rare Dr. Seuss adaptation that stays true to the spirit of the source material.