It's about as entertaining as listening to a comedian do a stand-up routine on predatory lending.
Adam McKay has upped his social commentary game from Anchorman into something even more aggressively poignant, this time something that needs to be seen to be believed.
The Big Short is entertaining stuff, even if ultimately it foregoes the human scale contradictions at the heart of the story-especially in Carrel's storyline-for the Big Sermon.
It's sly, intelligent, wickedly witty and should be fundamental viewing for the American public.
See it, and then dig up a copy of Charles Ferguson's excellent (and Oscar-winning) documentary on the same subject, Inside Job.
What makes this acidic dramedy stand out is that it was brutally honest about the whole fiasco and didn't attempt to gloss over any of it.
The filmmakers understand how arcane the business of credit-swaps and C.O.D.s can be to the layperson.
... it wreaks of self-important pseudo-commentary that is more hollow and garishly humorous than it cares to admit.
The Big Short is one of those rare creatures that walks the razor line between blackest comedy and deepest tragedy. It does so with a wink and a nod, but never loses its raging edge.
McKay has crafted the definitive movie about the 2008 worldwide economic meltdown that stemmed from the collapse of the American housing bubble - and he's done so with rigorous detail and more than a spoonful of his slapstick sugar.
McKay finds entertainingly tongue-in-cheek ways of explaining the intricacies of credit default swaps and collateralized debt obligations... and he makes the fact-based plot as gripping as a thriller.
The Big Short is a scathing indictment of the culture of greed, shortsightedness, and self-interest that allowed millions of people to lose their jobs and homes.
Both a sobering deconstruction of the financial crisis and a surprisingly entertaining film.
Slick and funny, this is the years most entertaining economics lesson, making the facts of the financial crisis easier to digest without making them any more palatable.
It's a fantastic, snappy watch, though not without its flaws.
Extremely entertaining and even memorable.
The Big Short's faults aren't hidden, but neither is its remarkable ability to entertain while giving a rather complex lesson.
Fascinating film that mixes economics and non-fiction with drama.
It's to McKay's credit that he makes The Big Short so fun; there are a lot of talented comedic actors here, the banter is strong, and there are pop culture montages strewn throughout, meant to mark the passage of time, that help maintain visual interest.
While The Big Short is hardly uplifting, it still manages to tell a rambunctiously funny tale that's as informative as it is entertaining, humor walking hand-in-hand with tragedy to ultimately craft a comedy that's impossible to dismiss.
The Big Short is the best bet you'll make all year.
McKay takes us deep into the world of mortgage-backed securities and collateralized debt obligations -- I sense your eyes glazing over -- but makes convoluted financial fraud feel as entertaining and zany as any of his previous comedies.
Will it win Best Picture? Possibly. Will people still be talking about it in years to come? That, if you'll excuse the finance pun, you can bank on.
I pray that this doesn't remain the best pop-economics explanation of what happened in 2007-'08, but for right now, it's what we've got, and it really could be a whole lot worse.
Dramatically, it's a bit stilted and awkward, with uneven storytelling and a lack of real character development-but the film's performances, momentous editing, and prevailing attitude of sheer anger and frustration overshadow its lesser parts.
Make an investment in "The Big Short." It's a sure thing!
Adam McKay's The Big Short plays like an elaborate con, albeit one that uses its powers for good.
Rare is that beast that will makes its audience laugh, rage, and shock right up the end credits, and then make you think deeply about it all afterwards.
While 'Short' leaves dir. McKay a short step from true cinematic gravitas, it's possible he's just getting warmed up, and his wife will someday say, 'Adam, I never knew thee!'
If spectators felt they did not grasp what happened with banks, stocks, and mortgages to crash the world economy, 'The Big Short' will leave them only deeper in debt and doubt.
That self-aware silliness in the service of telling a story laden with technical jargon works because McKay's curiosity is infectious; he is like that goofy science teacher who is willing to don a ridiculous hat to demonstrate photosynthesis.
It's an early call, but this film... bids to be one of the best of the year.
An unlikely but oddly effective mixture of dark comedy, character study, based-on-a-true-story drama, rabble-rousing, and detective story.
As The Big Short goes on, it becomes progressively less funny and more depressing, mirroring the attitudes of the characters.
Viewers thirsty for a lecture on collateralized debt obligations from celebrity chef Anthony Bourdain are in for a treat.
So crammed with authentic technospeak about the financial markets, collateralized debt obligations and tranches, you could be forgiven for thinking it's actually smart.
It's a fine feat of screenwriting, particularly given its 'heroes' are bankers about to get rich on public misery. ... This is one Hollywood film that doesn't come up short.
The film offers a compelling look into the heart of the 2008 financial crisis and, although you might occasionally find yourself lost in its details, McKay's comedic background and A-list cast are there to keep things on an even keel.
It's a disaster movie - where the impending and continuous boom-bust cycle of capitalism is the oncoming disaster.
The Big Short is the film that we needed at this time.
The very best that a satire can hope to achieve.
In some ways, it's a flashier version of another Lewis adaptation Moneyball, which made another dull topic - baseball statistics - surprisingly interesting.
Even if it is funny, as it should be in parts, it also has the capacity for drama and seriousness when dealing with the consequences of the crisis, which makes this a smart piece of work. [Full Review in Spanish]
The film tries to take the socialist political stance of exposing the greed of the big American banks, yet it has such a difficult time taking a measured stance towards its leading characters.
It exposes the vast degree of lies and manipulation of the financial world in a far more entertaining way than any drama would.
It'll make you angry, but in a good way.
At first, the to-camera segments can be discombobulating, but over two hours, the film coalesces into a brilliantly accessible, scathing account of the financial crisis, and its continuing aftermath.
An immensely entertaining and worthwhile document of America's modern horror story.
Adam McKay is passionate about the subject and The Big Short is exciting, passionate filmmaking.
McKay's adaptation of Michael Lewis' book presents the subprime loan crisis as a screwball comedy... But perhaps the only same response to the loathsome skulduggery behind the 2008 financial crash is to laugh at it?
At the end of the film, I was hardly any the wiser as to the reasons eight million jobs and six million homes were lost in the US, even though the skill of the actors and the film's ambition remain impressive.
A pseudo-documentary dressed up like a human interest ensemble when it should have felt more like a supervillain heist movie.
There's no doubt that it's the actors' performances that carry the film to the award-nominated heights its been reaching as of late. But despite all the praise for Bale, who does indeed do a stellar job, it's Carell who shines brightest.
Wonderfully played (although our heroes are far from noble) and directed with great energy, this is dreadfully enjoyable film.
Smart and snappy, this comedy is one of the scariest films of the year, using humour to outline the 2008 economic collapse from the inside.
[Adam McKay] gets that a lot of celebrities overact to simplify a embroiled story. [Full Review in Spanish]
I don't know that McKay should go on being Hollywood's fiduciary moralist, but he's clearly on the side of the angels and of the entertainers.
The Big Short is food for thought on how not to live and how intricate the financial system really is.
In this abstract world, the cast's strong performances provide vital slivers of humanity.
Solid but at the same impersonal, The Big Short is a film of numbers, statistics, office meetings, talks and predictions. [Full review in Spanish]
A film that's sometimes hard to follow but one that's ultimately really fun to watch. [Full review in Spanish]
Adam McKay's directorial work is just superb. [Full review in Spanish]
The Big Short may be a comedy, but it never forgets that the joke was on us.
Director Adam McKay displays a little bit of Martin Scorsese's stylish swagger as he uses every possible means to make high finance seem sexy and compelling.
A subject that may have seemed dry is brought angrily and amusingly to life. Scarily, it seems little has changed to prevent such a crisis happening again.
Utterly engrossing, blending the insight of JC Chandor's 2011 gem Margin Call with the satirical bite of Po Bronson's prophetic 1995 novel, Bombardiers.
Confronting these facts while snorting at how funny this film often can be is quite confounding.
It's a dizzying semi-comic, totally serious ride through the canyons of finance, and while you might not comprehend every single turn of phrase...[Director Adam] McKay is careful to keep the emphasis on the character drama.
McKay's comic sensibilities are suited to highlighting the many absurdities of this situation, but they don't gel with the film's eventual call for viewers to get outraged at how little has been done to fix the quagmire.
McKay hasn't lost his touch as a director of comic performances, and the didactic format lets him shake off a lot of sodden Hollywood convention: the characters aren't required to learn spiritual lessons or even be particularly likeable.
The Big Short does such a good job of shining a light into the dark crevices of financial mismanagement it almost performs a public service -- but in the form of whip-smart, wildly irreverent entertainment.
It sounds so boring on paper, but here's a plan: just go see it. And go see it now.
The knowing, boisterous humour comes off as irredeemably smug and the A-list cast can't disguise the fact that they are portraying points of view, rather than characters.
Adam McKay's raucous comedy... manages the unlikely feat of being wildly entertaining while telling a complex and ultimately depressing story.
You are never going to fully grasp how the hell the economy melted down in 2008. However, stick with the movie, and you will come to feel the injustice and insanity that fuelled the whole dollars-disappearing debacle.
As an investigation of a bout of collective insanity which almost destroyed the civilised world, this is a ride worth taking.
A notable film with a clear goals achieved with no problems. [Full review in Spanish]
Deftly drawing out the moral compromises, obstructive complexities and unbelievable injustices of this risky business, the film manages to be entertaining and accessible as well as frighteningly credible.
Although it's easy to get caught up with these men and their mission, their success still means millions will end up homeless. That's the true success of The Big Short - it's such a tremendously enjoyable ride but leaves you reeling in frustration.
McKay's script (co-written with Charles Randolph) bounces from dark hilarity to genuine pathos (McKay doesn't neglect the people this affected the most), and the attention to detail is admirable.
We might not always keep up with McKay's dazzling film and its rapid-fire, whipsmart dialogue, but by the end credits, we're not far behind.
McKay knows that all this is complicated stuff for those of us who don't know our annuities from our elbows, so he not only tries to simplify it, but has proper fun doing so.
I came to The Big Short in a state of anticipation, only to be baffled at how smug, laborious and self-important it is, trying to combine Gordon Gekko sexiness with anti-banker correctness ...
A big, clever chortle, full of sardonic insights into a time of woe.
It doesn't matter if you don't have a clue when it comes to economics, the movie will engage you and you will love it. The script, direction and performances are top notch. [Full review in Spanish]
One of the best scripts in recent years with a great ensamble cast. [Full review in Spanish]
Entertaining and informative black comedy about a difficult and depressing subject.
A smart movie with a great message. [Full review in Spanish]
A timely and relevant critique of the economic system, however, Mckay's take on it is not executed as well as it could. [Full review in Spanish]
Lots of pleasant bluster, but spreads itself a little too thin.
How to get rich with a conscience. It's informative, but never feels more than a cramming session before a big exam.
Witty, absurd and far more entertaining than it has any right to be, this could finally shed light on the financial crisis for those of us who found it all too boring to contemplate.
Grownups with an attention span, prepare to be delighted.
McKay's proposal resorts to sarcasm and irony to unravel the cynicism, hypocrisy and corruption of an economic system. [Full review in Spanish]
The film is very entertaining and instructive. [Full review in Spanish]
A movie with a conscience but no heroes...it concentrates on delivering the facts with mock sobriety and a sense of the absurd.
One of its greatest vitues is exposing how economic lingo is part of what made the economic collapse a secret. [Full review in Spanish]
The overall comedic tone of the film make this a success, even if its acid and dark. [Full review in Spanish]
Entertaining, horrifying and sort of clear.
Successfully conveys appropriate levels of mania, panic and hilarity while maintaining a moral standpoint missing from other Wall Street tales.
It's always entertaining without forgetting the seriousness of the story it's telling. [Full review in Portuguese.]
Whodathunk that one of the most sobering depictions of an American tragedy would come from Adam McKay, director of countless Will Ferrell comedies and former head writer for Saturday Night Live?
It is an entertaining and interesting film vehicle. [Full review in Spanish]
The fact that the film doesn't fall appart in any point is proof that Will Ferrell's favorite director did a great job. [Full review in Spanish]
It worsk as quick entertainment but its also smart enough to open the door to reflect the apparent stability of economical systems. [Full review in Spanish]
If the root of all evil is truly the love of money, then The Big Short is the ultimate romance.
Not every filmmaker has what it takes to shape material this bleak into a blackly comic blast, but McKay and his AAA-rated cast are on the money throughout.
It's a riveting film, depressing in its critique of a system that was built on greed and fraud - and rebuilt after the crash with taxpayers' money, only to continue its brazen practices today
Filled with bravado, this edgy, darkly cutting film about greed, corruption and the 2008 financial crisis left me feeling outraged and terrified. Terrified about the system; human nature; the future
Just like you didn't need to know your fastball from your highball to enjoy that terrific film [MONEYBALL], so too The Big Short lets you in even if you can't tell your Collateralised Debt Obligations from your Credit Default Swaps. Don't miss it.
You can't miss it. [Full review in Spanish]
Very entertaining and it has an outstanding cast that delivers powerful scenes. [Full review in Spanish]
With a daring tone, the director avoids any type of judgement in his characters while also filling the story with humor, something appreciated when dealing with such a serious subject. [Full review in Spanish]
A movie so afraid to overwhelm you that ends up making you dizzy with it's increasingly fast pace. [Full review in Spanish]
The world economic crisis of 2008 explained with humor and a lot of insight. [Full review in Spanish]
A highly entertaining film about a highly serious subject. [Full review in Spanish]
This ingenious piece of work will certainly move McKay to the big leagues. [Full review in Spanish]
...it's finally impossible not to wonder just what drew McKay to such dry, unapproachable subject matter.
McKay shows that his chops go well beyond directing Will Ferrell with a fireman's mustache.
Hilarious and horrifying, director Adam McKay delivers a scathing film that would be hard to believe if it wasn't actually true.
It wants you to leave the cinema not just fired up, but clued in, and goes to knowingly preposterous lengths to ensure it.
Director Adam McKay turns the economic bubble into one of the greatest films of the year. [Full review in Spanish]
Knowing how it all pans out doesn't make The Big Short any less compelling. These guys are continually questioned and ridiculed but you know they'll get the last laugh during the film's final act.
The Big Short is the truth-telling picture of the year. It puts beautifully shaded characters in guy comedy mode into an Altman-esque narrative, shot counter to type by Ken Loach's cinematographer, Barry Ackroyd.
The Big Short practically backflips on this narrative tightrope, remaining engaging while engaging complicated ideas, forcing the viewer to root for genuinely loathsome folks who are only mildly less awful than everyone else.
McKay cowrote The Big Short's screenplay with Charles Randolph, and they know how to keep an audience engaged, broadcasting this knowledge often, as both parody and indictment.
Even bit players break the fourth wall to address the camera with pithy, increasingly exhausting insights.
The film is packed with funny and surprisingly clear explanations of the financial system.
A refreshing and piercingly clever morality tale - whether you prefer the emotive, simplistic or in-depth depictions of what happened - the film hits its target.
Taut yet uneven, it's a sophisticated indictment of government ignorance and corporate greed that challenges whether we can all look back on the 2008 financial crisis and laugh.
Uses an outstanding cast, a touch of humor and a series of cheeky devices to avoid falling too far into the weeds to deliver a hugely entertaining film. (Fox 29 Philly)
The picture leaves you feeling jazzed and happy... and yet still angry and disgusted.
All of the elements are in place for a lacerating satire, but almost every aesthetic choice in the film is bad.
I'm not as big a fan of The Big Short as some of my fellow critics are, but it does manage to be a fun movie about a subject that's not fun.
The film flies by, a wicked spin through a wicked time when everyone was guilty, no one was held accountable and the winners, who risked it all, felt like losers amid the devastation and loss.
Doesn't quite deliver on the bill of goods it promises. At least it's a worthy swindle.
As entertaining as it is infuriating. Hilarious and horrifying. Best ensemble of the year.
'The Big Short' is long on entertainment.
One of the sharpest scripts of the year
Who knew the man behind "Step Brothers" and "Talladega Nights" could produce something this smart and this funny?
A bull market of clever, incisive filmmaking that makes it easy to understand a mind-bogglingly complex financial system and its potentially fatal flaws.
Intelligent, entertaining and even informative, The Big Short plays like a funkier and funnier (oh, and superior) version of The Wolf of Wall Street.
The Big Short has its flaws, but is one of the more unique movies based on non-fiction literature in recent memory
A thoroughly engaging, entertaining, funny and ultimately horrifying look at what happened to our financial system. (Full Content Review for Parents - Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. - Also Available)
It's funny because it's true. And it's tragic and frightening for the same reason.
Far more than a simple lesson in shady economics.
Fast-paced, scathingly intelligent, wryly cynical, and totally engrossing from start to finish, it is a first-rate screed and a compellingly relevant film.
It never comes across as sanctimonious or preachy. It simply elevates what McKay and Ferrell perfected with earlier films into the tragic absurdity of the real world.
The Big Short is an angry, fiery movie disguised as a comedy.
A brilliant, blistering, angry and very awkwardly funny look at a tragic situation. A stylish, whirligig farce of a tragedy.
Until you see The Big Short - and I encourage you to do so as soon as possible - it's hard to imagine the near-miracle that director Adam McKay and his co-writer have pulled off.
The Big Short manages to be as enlightening as it is entertaining. But its ominous revelations linger long after it's over.
Thanks to Anchorman (2004) auteur Adam McKay's caustic comedy The Big Short, the events of the great economic meltdown of 2008 are beginning to make sense.
The cast is uniformly excellent... and The Big Short's rapid pace and momentum keep the film and its subject matter light and breezy, even as the heavy story speeds to disaster.
Unusually and admirably for a professional funnyman, McKay ends his film not with a punchline, but with a punch to the gut.
It's an expertly calibrated entertainment, giving the actors room to play and reframing industry jargon as simple, elegant metaphors... And McKay orchestrates it all so deftly that you might not even notice how angry he is - or at least not right away.
The Big Short's conclusions are bleaker, more funereal than any I can recall from a popular entertainment - but at least it has the good humor to send us laughing all the way to the grave.
Ultimately, The Big Short should outrage us, once we understand the sheer larceny that went on with other people's money, and which crippled the world economy. En route to that, it entertains us.
The Big Short sticks in the throat. You laugh at it only because you can't believe it was this awful -- that people were (and are) this awful. It's the horror movie soundtracked with nervous, incredulous giggles wrung from the rot of the soul.
A film that winds up collapsing Marx's dictum to repeat recent history as tragedy and farce in one busy, bouncy ball. The effect is distracting, aggressive and, finally, psychically numbing.
McKay makes a smart, snarky crisis tragicomedy from the real estate boom and bust. His film balances sardonic character sketches with sober mockery of a culture gone mad with market mania.
Now can McKay explain the end of "Trading Places"? I've never understood that one either.
McKay aims for the impossible, taking on the most "eat your veggies" story of the film year. He almost pulls it off too, as "The Big Short" has a funny way of being completely illuminating between suffocating stretches of exposition and overacting.
Less a movie than a Technicolor op-ed on the housing crisis.
Like its oxymoronic title, "The Big Short" is a very funny movie that's dead serious about credit-default swaps and subprime mortgages, a great time at the movies that's also profoundly depressing at the end.
As entertaining as "The Big Short" is, McKay never downplays the seriousness of its subject matter.
It's quite funny, a deeply cynical movie about a deeply cynical group of people working in a deeply cynical environment.
The humor of The Big Short is subprime, fourth-wall-breaking irony getting tiresome quickly. The crash was funnier.
A gonzo crash course on the finer points of finance and fraud, set forth while we absorb the funny, infuriating true story of the men who beat the Street at its own crooked game during the housing bubble.
Everyone feels like a walking prop in an elaborate financial play that reads as farce. Yet given McKay's credits, and the complete lack of regulatory oversight, farce was probably the right tone - even if it means laughing at your own funeral.
Smart and manic, it might leave you more with a bit of a queasiness and exhaustion rather than the outrage it's aiming for, but at least it doesn't stiff you.
McKay's singular achievement is in getting us on side with these outliers. As the housing-market crash is forestalled, we actually find ourselves eagerly anticipating the crash we know will come.
[The Big Short] jumps off the screen in every scene and pins an elusive subject firmly in place.
"The Big Short" is, like many of its characters, brutally honest, smart and cocky.
[The Big Short leaves] audiences thoroughly tickled, equally horrified and probably more than a little wiser. That is some prime entertainment.
Far from being a dry economics lesson, "The Big Short" is an unsparing look at corporate skullduggery and its consequences - and the rare mainstream film with political bite.
An infuriating yet entertaining look at the "other guys" of the 2008 financial crash. You will want you want to weep. While you're laughing! *sob*
'The Big Short' is appealing because it does not condescend to its audience. It actually treats the viewers as thinking adults who are capable of understanding events as they unfold.
The really neat feat of The Big Short is getting us to care about these dollar-hungry sharks and other erstwhile profiteers, and to laugh at their desperate dealings, even if we don't always understand what it is they're doing ...
"The Big Short" manages to entertain you while making you really, really mad.
The Big Shortis one intense ride. It's a sad, maddening smorgasbord of mean-spirited, indifferent people looking out for their own asse(t)s. Comeuppance is a bitch.
A testament to the perils of facile digital editing.
With punch and pop, the film looks at 4 disparate outsiders who are far enough removed from the center of the action to see it for what it's worth ... and for what it's not.
Sure, it's frequently quite glib. ... But as the scale of the misfortune unfolds, key individuals begin to understand the human costs. As does the audience.
McKay utilizes A-list talent and creative filmmaking to go with subprime rates and credit debt, though what it amounts to is the hyper-cool version of a boring economics lesson you slept through in college.
See the movie. It's a treat. And educational, too.
A movie about the financial crisis that tells the truth in a most entertaining way.
[It] works as a companion piece to 99 Homes, a film from this year about a laid-off construction worker...Both films capture the deep sense of desperation that comes with a financial crisis and the collateral damage that's left in its path.
Against all odds, The Big Short works. In fact, "works" is an understatement for what director Adam McKay has achieved with his improbable adaptation of Michael Lewis' nonfiction book about the 2008 global financial crisis.
This grimly comic drama is timely yet perplexing, concluding that financial institutions are still corrupt...
The Big Short is a crackling, live entertainment that elicits as many laughs as jaws agape that this could happen.
Adam McKay might not be the most obvious choice to helm a financial dramedy, but the dude knows a thing or two about the absurd. That comes in handy in The Big Short.
The narration and explanations, breaking the fourth wall, interfere with the movie's flow. It doesn't fully work, but it is not bad. For some people, it will be their first exposure to the fundamental corruption of American institutions.
It is a more thought-provoking film that will have appeal to those of us who did not have a clue what happened then, but want to understand it now.
Serious but entertaining and intricate but funny is a difficult balance to strike, but The Big Short manages it masterfully.
It's about something we think of as "boring," but it aims to code that boring story with the most exciting filmmaking techniques imaginable.
Maybe if this was balanced with a personal story that one of the characters was going through, I would have taken the spoon-fed lesson. But we know the outcome in advance.
Elucidate[s] the fiscal rigamarole leading up to the bursting of the housing and credit bubble circa 2008, while also whipping up a palatable froth of cynicism and absurdity.
Yet if the film uses its vulgarity and wit to lacerate a political quagmire and to implicate every facet of a tangled system of private greed and federal ignorance, it fails to turn its sights back onto its characters.
Adam McKay draws on the talents of a strong ensemble cast to create a docudrama that places difficult individuals in context, making them easier to understand and intriguing to watch even if they're not always likeable.
Flip, furious and hilariously chilling.
...a comedic telling of of how four guys saw disaster coming as the result of the Clinton Administration's fiasco that everyone should be able to own a home, even if they couldn't afford it, abetted by Bush, which this movie blames on big banks.
Adam McKay's funny, intelligent and depressing examination of the financial crisis is must-see entertainment.
Its excellent intentions are only undermined by how boring it really believes its subject matter to be.
"The Big Short" educates, thrills, and angers.
Big Short may not always succeed, but it stands as an essential film nonetheless.
The Big Short reflexively comments on its Hollywoodness to pull in the complicit viewer and make them trust what they are hearing.
Told the way it is, the story is both expose' and entertainment. The traders taking the biggest profits come off as sympathetic heroes. We tend to like stories about underestimated people who get the last laugh or which expose corruption in high places.
One of the most appealing things about this very appealing movie -- a stylistic Chex Mix of storytelling, satire, advocacy, and clip art -- is its high regard for the intellect of the viewer.
The Big Short has a snappy energy that turns one of the most maddening events in recent history into something in which all the greedy pieces suddenly make sense.
It tackles complex subject matters with a proportionately complex narrative structure, but with creativity and smart sensibilities that come together as an equally thought-provoking and amusing film.
Jumping back and forth among so many characters makes this important film very hard to follow.
Dry, if painstakingly-detailed, account of how four of the proverbial smartest guys in the room accurately predicted the global financial collapse of 2008.
Turns out Adam McKay is the ideal filmmaker to tackle the absurd and infuriating circumstances behind the credit bubble. The Big Short is a load of laughs that get stuck in your throat when you realize the harm behind the insanity.
A hugely entertaining examination of a situation that was devastating for millions of Americans.
Fast-paced, cleverly informative and hilarious, "The Big Short" will leave you gasping --- and fuming.
It may be a bit overdue, but it's still an important reminder of a sordid time in American financial annals that should never be repeated.
A snappy and disquieting portrait of the wheeler-dealers who made a fortune off the 2008 financial crisis.
A hard, often confusing, look at what occurred during the 2008 financial meltdown...
The actors take second place to Hank Corwin's fast-paced editing, easily the film's single most valuable asset. It's about as obtrusive as film editing gets, but it gives the film a reckless, nervy energy to go with the characters' discomfiture.
After breezing along for more than half of its running time, the film takes a turn for the tone-deaf and wrong-footed, never worse than when expressing fraudulent concern for "common people."
It's a movie for that modern American experience of looking around and seeing so much corporate corruption that one's head might explode.
There is a wonderful self-awareness to the film that helps with the comedic power, but also proves to be a great way to break down certain terms.
It's hard to like so much about a film... & yet to feel ultimately a little underwhelmed by it all... I look at all of these individual parts that I liked, & they don't come together to create a finely tuned whole that is greater than the sum.
The actors play their roles to the hilt, but in the end, the role of these investors in extenuating the crisis they took advantage of is played down, as is the disastrous life consequences of all those who were severely hit by it.
The Big Short is far from perfect ... but its audacity, ingenuity, and humor more than outweigh its flaws.
You can feel the director gesturing to the audience, asking, "Can you believe this happened?" With every scene, he's delighted and horrified to tell you, it absolutely did.
Finance dramedy turns complex ideas into gripping cinema.
A cheeky film about the 2008 financial crisis.
an illuminating film, equal parts horror and hilarity. With Steve Carell leading one of the finest ensembles of the year, "The Big Short" entertains while explaining just what happened to those who don't know the difference between a stock and a bond
... a ragged, jolting, and savagely funny guerrilla agitprop that gives after-the-fact credit to the financial crises Cassandras.
All credit to McKay for making a movie about a crucial moment in our history, but it all still remains a little dull and slightly impenetrable.
It is funny and infuriating and then funny again and then it is monumentally infuriating. One of the best and most important films of the year.
A rich and damning dramedy, acted to damn near perfection [...] It's impossible to walk away without feeling like you were just shot in the stomach by the quote-unquote 'American Dream.'
A funny, energetic and self-aware film that manages to entertain without diluting the complications - or the gravity - of its subject matter.
The Big Short will anger you as much as it makes you laugh. That sweet-and-sour quality makes it one of the year's most vital, important films.
A true crime story and a madcap comedy, a heist movie and a scalding polemic, "The Big Short" will affirm your deepest cynicism about Wall Street while simultaneously restoring your faith in Hollywood.
McKay's choices keep clashing into one another: He badly wants the film to be another "The Wolf of Wall Street," but, having directed the "Anchorman" movies and being a political activist, he is equally keen to be taken seriously.
There's a lot going on here, and The Big Short might be best appreciated by people who've already read the book. That's not because the film doesn't do a good job of explaining what happened.
This is a film filled with quiet moral outrage. It doesn't need to yell. It doesn't need to sermonize. It simply needs to tell us what happened...
With energetic pacing and zippy dialogue, "The Big Short" (written by McKay and Charles Randolph) is often entertaining - a screwball comedy with an angry streak. If only the film could sustain that tone.
Only in America ... could filmmakers illuminate such a dire subject, and the financial debacle that ensued, with the sort of scathing wit, joyous irreverence and brilliant boisterousness that make "The Big Short" an improbable triumph.
this time capsule of a film makes the frustration as fun as possible
Some movies contain one or two scenes you always think about when you think about that movie. With The Big Short, there are a dozen such scenes.
One of the boldest, most maddening, innovative and cracked-out crazy movies I've ever seen.
If a film can essentially succeed while also remaining essentially frustrating, here's a prime example.
McKay dares greatly by couching his anger about the 2008 financial crisis in a slapstick tragedy that makes us wish we could see every character in it behind bars.
The Big Short is terrific -- in both the very great and very frightening meanings of the word.
'The Big Short' is a damning indictment of Wall Street. Director Adam McKay delivers a laymen's guide to understanding how sub-prime mortgage lending led to a devastating global recession.
A no-bullshit, consistently engaging piece of cinema that's as poignant as it is entertaining, shining a uniquely cynical light on a low point in America's financial history.
The Big Short functions as a real-life Kafka farce.
The makers of The Big Short want to wise us up. The question... is whether anyone will get the gist behind the glitz. Of course it helps that such good actors play these opportunistic lizards, the craven cheerleaders of Too Big To Fail.
The Big Short is like seeing the best of Oliver Stone return in crude, unrestrained form, reborn as a mad jester. The yells so hard that it throws out its back trying to grab your attention, but it's equally important, informative, and brazenly funny.
Of course, the great and terrible irony is that these guys who saw the enormity of what was coming at the hands of big bankers are betting hundreds of millions of dollars for it to happen.
With its cartoonish pace, larger-than-life characters and detours into farce and agitprop, this movie captures the accelerated pace of life in the financial markets and the vast scale of their mendacity far more vividly than a naturalistic drama could.
Simply the most relentlessly entertaining film of the last few months.
Though much of the movie is fast and funny, McKay is clearly gunning for a more serious brand of comedy, controlling his usual comic anarchy into mere irreverence.
It really is quite a movie: entertaining and engaging, but also mortifying; a good alternate title might be "American Horror Story."
The Big Short isn't quite as hard-hitting as J.C. Chandor's Margin Call, but it's a nonetheless effective examination of a nationwide disaster so ridiculous that it's difficult not to laugh.
The fact that it's both hugely weird and hugely watchable is impressive.
How many movies can you say are super-entertaining and super-informative?
Don't worry if you're coming in to this film still fuzzy on the details of the 2008 financial collapse. That's actually preferable.
The devilish juxtaposition of lap dances and macroeconomic lessons is the essence of 'The Big Short's ingenious duality.
It's like a cinematic listicle. In other words, there's an awful lot going on in The Big Short!
Ultimately, this is Adam McKay's show and his bitter contempt for how the whole thing got so out of control informs every facet of this self-aware and often hilarious diatribe.
'The Big Short' is an astute satire Mark Twain would have been proud of, a tale of a new Gilded Age.
While "The Big Short" could have benefitted from an even harder, names-taking edge, its satirical approach succeeds in a key way: Shaking us awake to the possibility that history might be repeating itself.
Most of the time it lets smart people talk (or more often shout) concentrated gobbledygook, motormouthing their way to the apocalypse.
McKay's zaniness has a precedent: Like Stanley Kubrick's Dr. Strangelove, The Big Short is a gleeful tumble toward the apocalypse, except in this case, it actually happened.
McKay's bumptious movie awkwardly combines fourth-wall-breaking gimmickry and flaccid indignation with the goofball energy that defines his comedies.
McKay invents his own glorious goofball syntax: part business thriller, part stand-up comedy, with a liberal dash of NPR didacticism.
Its fourth-wall-breaking wags a finger at the perceived facile nature of celebrity-driven mass culture even as it ultimately condescends to audiences.
So expert are the performers that you wind up rooting for Burry, Baum, and the others despite yourself, knowing full well that they are fuelled by cynicism -- by an ardent faith that the system will and must fail.
McKay deserves a lot of credit for making it, and he also deserves to be taken seriously now as a filmmaker. Because with The Big Short, he's graduated from wiseass to wise man.
Often hilarious and perfectly cast take on the 2008 housing bubble burst.
Taking Michael Lewis' seminal book about the meltdown as source material, director Adam McKay channels his own anger into something rarely even attempted by Hollywood, let alone pulled off: a comedy about a tragedy.
Adam McKay has delivered an energetic, highly entertaining movie that could be titled 'The 2008 Credit Bubble Burst for Dummies'. That dummy would be me.
Dry, if painstakingly-detailed, account of how four of the proverbial smartest guys in the room accurately predicted the global financial collapse of 2008.
The Big Short is cluttered and willy-nilly. Most of all, it pulls its punches.
both the behavior of the characters and the viewer responses sought are so repetitive and unchanging that it all becomes wearisome well before the far overlong feature wraps up.
The paint-by-numbers performances from its talented cast, mixed with its random 2000's homage to music videos and famous talking heads, leaves a sour taste for us to stew upon for 130 minutes.
Crude, vulgar, and heartfelt, The Big Short has the messy vitality that comes only when filmmakers are convinced they really need to tell you something and are determined to entertain you so they'll be sure you're listening.
McKay approaches this adaptation of Michael Lewis' book with wit, energy and a surprising degree of clarity. But if the movie is a crackerjack entertainment, it's one with a conscience.
Fair or not, Adam McKay's entertaining and intelligent The Big Short feels like a case of subtext becoming text.
A sometimes surreal, always hard-hitting ensemble piece about the corruption that led to the financial crisis of 2007-2010.
The Big Short is one of the best films of the year.
This modern day morality tale may take on a very serious subject matter, but it does so in an engaging way. The humor is intact, even if the seriousness of the story has a devastating impact.
The Big Short is an artistic gamble with a tremendous return, but don't expect to leave the theater without getting angry about the past, terrified for the future and realizing how "bank" is a four-letter word.
Nothing short of brilliant
[VIDEO ESSAY] "The Big Short" is an essential history lesson and a cautionary tale that America is grave danger of falling into again.
McKay fails to transfer Lewis's source material into purely cinematic terms.
"The Big Short" ends up an energetic and absorbing, marked deeply by its director's uniquely surreal vision.
The [film]'s Niagara-like cascade of information can be exhausting and impossible to keep up with, but its ambitious and innovative format serves both its subject matter and its dramatic core rather well.
For those still enraged that the financial institutions which orchestrated the 2008 economic collapse walked away without punishment, the massively entertaining satire "The Big Short" plays like a cleansing blast of outrage and scorn.
There's an unmistakable, scathing sense of outrage behind the whole endeavor, and it's impossible not to admire McKay's reckless willingness ...

@highlight

The Big Short approaches a serious, complicated subject with an impressive attention to detail -- and manages to deliver a well-acted, scathingly funny indictment of its real-life villains in the bargain.