When the crucial moment of the story comes, it feels emotionally stunted and unrelated to anything that has passed.
It is not the novel, no, but happy to report, the madly embattled result is a real movie.
A fan of the Redford/Farrow version, I was prepared to be disappointed. And I was wrong. It may be a bit too much of a wild ride visually. But it gave me a new way of looking at a familiar figure. And there's something pretty great about that.
It most closely echoes Moulin Rouge, and that may be the easiest way to evaluate the film. if you liked Moulin Rouge, you'll probably like Gatsby. If you didn't, then you're in for more of the same.
... Luhrmann's Gatsby is so over-the-top as to be migraine inducing, a loud, violently bright film that assaults your eyeballs repeatedly with more glitter and Day-Glo than your retinas can handle.
[Gatsby] is a canonical tale given a fresh spin.
Like flicking through the pages of Vogue whilst sipping a martini.
When the film requires more depth, we see the cracks appear, as if the dizzying pace of the party leaves one unable to balance once the music stops.
There's something dispiriting about a filmmaker who does his best to be utterly faithful to the words on the page, but doesn't seem to recognize what those words mean.
It's a headache-inducing mishmash of waving curtains, hyperactive fades, aggressive zooms, and Baz basically just throwing things at the lens (confetti, champagne, fabric, Tobey Maguire).
Luhrmann's The Great Gatsby might not reach the dizzying heights of Fitzgerald's novel, but he gives it a damn good shot, old sport.
It's not one spectacularly bad decision that sinks "The Great Gatsby," but a series of mediocre ones, leaving us with a film as forgettable as it is unnecessary.
The film's strength is its visual style and Luhrmann's daring high-wire act.
Luhrmann is quite content to stay on the surface, to rub elbows with tuxedoed gents and bewitching flappers.
Based on a book that's not particularly well-suited to movies, the film is a chintzy, 3-D muddle in which Leonardo DiCaprio happens to be amazing.
...of such bacchanalian proportions that it requires an act of will to sit there passively as the senses are not merely assaulted but pummeled into submission. It's akin to watching a play staged on a carousel.
As a filmmaker, Baz has fine technical knowledge but he never knows when to call cut.
For all the antic, manic itchiness of his Gatsby, for all the jazz hands, the movie doesn't reach out and grab you.
Leonardo DiCaprio is wrong as Jay Gatsby but right when, momentarily embarrassed for once, he stammers that 'this is a terrible mistake.'
What's amazing is the mixture of willpower and uncertainty, mendacity and credulity, gracefulness and self-conscious posing that [DiCaprio] conveys, even before you see him speak.
Just because a film looks like it was dipped in 18-karat gold doesn't mean it's rich in quality
Many audiences will write [this] off as style over substance, but I think [director] Luhrmann supplies style along with great substance.
The Great Gatsby is a visual treat & one worth the 3D surcharge, but feels like a lopsided endeavor that captures the style & energy, but not exactly the heart & soul
Boils down to its essence of pure feeling, in every sense--from literal stimulus and sensation to the emotions, in all their seething, loving, consuming, destructive passions, that drive the characters and their actions.
Alternately intriguing and infuriating: it's very like the sort of movie exuberantly excessive Gatsby himself might have made.
This is kitsch at such a deep level it doesn't even seem to be aware that it's kitsch.
Almost 100 percent faithful to the novel in terms of plot, and almost zero percent faithful in terms of theme, character, and impact.
This take, pimped out in 3D spectacle and one woozy romance, renders the '20s as backdrop and swerves around the book's period-politics. A surreal slice-of-a-1922-summer overbaked into maximalist fantasia. The narrative frame is silly; the pacing is off.
An ambitious, multi-colored triumph, this film will be hard to forget.
The Great Gatsby is Baz Luhrman's visual tribute album to the novel; and it's only in his filmmaking comfort zones that any of the essence of the text elevates beyond karaoke.
Adapting Gatsby just so you can recreate the party scenes is like remaking Born on the Fourth of July for the war scenes. Luhrmann has a knack for missing the point.
...as disastrous and pointless an adaptation as one can easily recall...
A stunning recreation of 1920's New York that sticks as close to its source material as it can while delivering an engaging adaptation.
If Fitzgerald's Jazz Age classic is the Great American Novel, then this frantically jazzed-up 3D film is the pop-up-book version.
Though it is quite possible that the neutered feel of Luhrmann's Gatsby is entirely due to studio meddling, the finished product isn't enjoyable, either as campy fun or a serious attempt at dismantling the American dream.
For some reason every time someone mentions Gatsby's name for the first time someone else has to say it questioningly, which to me sounds like a perfect condition for a drinking game
... offers some brilliant moments before turning into another case of self-indulgent sensory overload.
It's stupefying, it's vulgar, it's demeaning-it's dull and there's nothing like the dullness that is trying to be a sensation.
Se esta adaptação de Luhrmann funciona melhor dramaticamente que as tentativas anteriores, isto se deve à sua capacidade de humanizar o personagem-título sem desvendá-lo completamente.
Without Nick to articulate the decline, The Great Gatsby is reduced to little more than a love triangle between the remotely rich.
A riveting reinterpretation for the Hip-Hop Generation apt to be best appreciated by fans of gangsta' rap videos weaned on shallow, hedonistic displays of misogyny and materialism.
While it never stops calling attention to itself, it's still a wonder to behold.
The biggest problem here is the quartet of Leo, Tobey, Carey and Joel stuck with such pain-in-the-arse characters. And all the amusingly anachronistic soundtracking, gorgeous production design and cinematic gloriousness can't make up for that, old sport.
What makes The Great Gatsby a failure is Luhrmann's fear of the delicate moment, the ungilded lily. His camera whizzes across Manhattan, hurtling down the sides of skyscrapers, until overkill seeps into every quiet corner.
An ambitious, beautiful but shallow alternative to typical summer fare.
When you throw in the extravagant sets, costumes and visual effects, it's as if you're watching a moving painting. New York in the 1920s could not look any more beautiful.
So we beat on, stereoscopic boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past, listening to Amy Winehouse.
What's truly telling about this brash, boisterous adaptation is that the director clearly understands the spirit of F. Scott Fitzgerald's novel better than most film critics.
Luhrmann's current creative mindset reflects more PT Barnum than J Gatsby; a manipulative showman able to conjure images of light and colour to dazzle the masses while wilfully neglecting their hearts and minds.
Sure, it's a Bazdardisation, but underneath the over-the-top art-deco design there's an elegant and sometimes touching tale to be found, with Gatsby (Leonardo DiCaprio) reaching out for the woman he cannot seem to forget.
For all of the impossible, succulent beauty Luhrmann shows us, the film doesn't thoroughly cultivate the emotional foundation it needs to prop up such extravagance.
It's cinematic gluttony and Baz Luhrmann does it incredibly well, but like the attendees of one of Gatsby's shindigs, you'll have a fun time but not remember much the next day
Like Gatsby himself, it comes so close to achieving its dream, only to fall agonisingly and frustratingly short.
It may sound like a strange comparison, but the film that Gatsby reminded me of the most is Oliver Stone's Natural Born Killers.
The Great Gatsby is so close to being a great film, let down by its own refusal to exist in the moment.
Feels warm, extra-terrestrial, and impossible... Whether one thinks it a folly or not, we'll never see another Great Gatsby like the one Baz Luhrmann has magicked up.
Luhrmann's "Gatsby" is made with enough passion and vision to liberate it from its revered source material - no small feat.
Baz Luhrmann's Gatsby is a tale of two halves: unremarkable in the first and unexpected in the second.
Luhrmann understands Fitzgerald's book and brings the writer's classic prose to life on cinematic terms that feel thrilling, visceral and immediate.
Luhrmann's take on perhaps the original American #RichPeopleProblems novel -- about misplaced male ambition and romantic longing, and the perils of female drivers -- is a work of fizzy, surface decadence.
Luhrmann basically invites us to the world's greatest party, but it's one that slowly sours over the course of the following two hours.
Less is not more, more is more. Luhrmann's Great Gatsby embraces this notion as a reflection of its central character, and in this sense at least it is near-on perfect.
Luhrmann's greatest trick in "The Great Gatsby" is using the romantic plot - will Daisy choose Jay or Tom - as camouflage to get across Fitzgerald's withering and timely portrait of a society dancing to the edge of disaster.
All the CGI-assisted, 3-D sparkle is a wonder to behold, and for a short time it effectively distracts from the inert drama underneath.
Luhrmann understandably wants his Gatsby to be great, but he has inadvertently reminded us that the Great American Novel belongs precisely where it was born: on the page.
Luhrmann makes the most out of what might be considered the text's music video counterpart.
Baz Luhrmann gives the movie just the right amount of Baz-amatazz!
Nick's voice in the novel is a dry, cutting counterpoint; the movie subordinates his irony to his angst and his boyish admiration for Gatsby.
Luhrmann and his design/vision soulmate Catherine Martin package all this in oversize gift boxes all superbly ribboned and bowed, but we have to accept that the presents inside are just as valuable and meaningful
There's a pulsating hyper reality about the film in which everything is zinging ... emotional cred is wanting but Luhrman's Gatsby overall delivers a feast that is more than enough to satisfy and enthrall
Orson Welles had his Citizen Kane. Luhrmann has his Great Gatsby. But, Gatsby is no Kane and Luhrmann doesn't appear to be an Orson. The lesson is that if you're going to make a movie about your hero's emptiness, that will be the nature of the product.
If I hear someone say "Old sport" one more time I will run them over with my giant yellow convertible.
This is another Baz Luhrmann film that fails to engage either the heart or the mind.
Why didn't the maestro didn't just go the whole hog and rename it "Jazz Hands: A Love Story"? A bottle of your best champagne says he thought about it.
This is an interpretation of Gatsby (minor spoiler alert) that revels in the idea of Gatsby and Daisy as two psychopaths (or at least social sociopaths), lovers whose disregard for others, as they pursue their own twisted desires, is bonkers.
It is the sheer size, overstatement and noise, both visually and aurally, that sinks Luhrmann's picture.
[VIDEO ESSAY] Baz Luhrmann's bastardization of F. Scott Fitzgerald's novel is a travesty. The film represents a sin against cinema and literature of cataclysmic proportions.
too much for its own good, drowning its best intentions in stylistic overkill
Here's the thing about director Baz Luhrmann's The Great Gatsby: It actually remains quite faithful to the book. ... But it rarely taps into the essence of the novel, preferring instead to continuously showcase the glitz over the grit.
You don't watch Baz Luhrmann's detonation of F Scott Fitzgerald's The Great Gatsby; you get beaten up by it
( ... ) an overlong, 143-minute film which feels, certainly in the first half at least, weighed down by its own, dizzying magnitude.
Baz Luhrmann (Moulin Rouge) is the perfect director to take on F. Scott Fitzgerald's iconic novel about the American dream, simply because he's an expert at showing the emptiness of hyperactive excess.
DiCaprio certainly looks the part, a sharp dressed man with a sunny face and a shady past. He shimmers on screen with an orange glow. Where he falls short is in the dark glamour of Gatsby, when his American dream turns into a nightmare.
Not quite a disaster, but the worst I can say about 'Gatsby' is that it's severely flawed, and often boring.
All hail the mighty Leo!!!
Luhrmann lovingly titivates the fake and superficial, and never gets round to serving the meat of the novel, which involves cutting into sham and heartlessness.
Luhrmann's Great Gatsby might not find favour with all Fitzgerald purists but it plunges you wholeheartedly into an age of bathtub gin, flirty flappers and impending doom and burns with a fierce intensity.
There's always something to distract the eye but it's an increasingly empty exercise, confirming suspicions that it's simply impossible to translate Fitzgerald's jewell-like prose to the big screen.
The problem is that in such a raucous adaptation, the cast can only act coarsely, too.
Ultimately, it's far from a literary adaptation...but as a movie it makes you want to join the party.
An audio-visual feast, though the film's excesses are occasionally overwhelming and any sense of the novel's subtlety is demolished by the sledgehammer script.
It's a film of colossal artifice and superficiality, in love with surface dazzle - but as it turns out, none of the spectacle is remotely thrilling.
Despite DiCaprio's prize performance, purists will fume, but even as lit-crashing razzle-dazzle entertainment Luhrmann's adaptation is a candelabrum too far.
For much of its length, Baz Luhrmann's The Great Gatsby has the terrible endlessness of films where everything is too short. We are jabbed with effect after effect, in our faces and up our noses in 3D
All filmmakers dream of getting their green light. Yet having got his, Luhrmann refashions a much-loved classic into something that, though ambitious, comes tinged with a sense of emptiness and disappointment - much like Gatsby himself.
The Great Gatsby is by no means a bad production, it's just somewhat disappointing given the expectations placed upon it, and the pedigree that comes behind the vast majority of cast and crew.
So many shiny surfaces, spiralling staircases and fluttering curtains tempt you to reach and touch, but whatever you're trying to grasp remains tantalisingly, just out of reach.
There are no two ways about it: The Great Gatsby is misconceived and misjudged, a crude burlesque on what's probably American literature's most precious jewel.
Like Gatsby himself, the movie's a handsome attraction whose dizzying/vulgar wealth is unashamedly flaunted to court favour with bright young things.
The sparkling highlights make it compulsive viewing, even as the lapses in judgment drive you up the wall.
Not an all-out disaster, but Fitzgerald's novel is rendered as a fairly standard love story. And it's much, much more than that.
It's glitzy and glamorous yes, and Luhrmann fans will be delighted with its staging, including the occasionally over-zealous music, but there are a few more misfires in here than they might be used to.
It may not be pure F. Scott, but this lavish, flamboyant version is quite the show...old sport!
Baz Luhrmann and co-writer Craig Pearce take the slow, slow, quick, quick, slow rhythms of the foxtrot to heart in this adaptation of F Scott Fitzgerald's The Great Gatsby.
Luhrmann's gaudy approach is appropriate to the material; as proved by his best novella The Diamond as Big as The Ritz, Fitzgerald understood the distinct allure of grand scale and opulence.
It's really not possible to retrofit a soaring romance onto Fitzgerald's plot skeleton.
Sooner or later, we have to get down to people talking to each other in a room somewhere.
Luhrmann's film captures the essence of the book in ways no other version has -- giving us Luhrmann's brilliant imagining of it and how he sees and responds to the story.
Too specific when it should be open to interpretation, and too concerned with style, it looks lavish -- but looks aren't everything.
A bunch of clueless people ruining their lives by making bad decision after bad decision; it's like a Mike Leigh movie, with money.
I haven't seen any of the other Gatsby adaptations, but it is safe to say none of them look as colorful and jazzy as this one. This one is like combining the July 4 celebration in Washington with Mardi Gras in New Orleans.
Everything about Baz Luhrmann's glam and glitzy interpretation of 'The Great Gatsby' is pretty - pretty actors; pretty homes; pretty scenery; pretty parties; and most of all, pretty boring.
What a handsome fellow is that old sport "Gatsby."
There is surely no contradiction in praising the Australian director's batty ambitions for this story while admitting that they often work against it.
Baz Luhrmann's vision of the Roaring Twenties dazzles as a purely sensory piece of sight and sound. The hollow narrative doesn't stop The Great Gatsby from entertaining as a gorgeous, glittering work of visual art.
It feels like the actors are just Acting So Hard--you'd think with the 3D you'd see their Acting-Ness coming right at you.
The overblown telling of Gatsby's story.
Highs and Lows - Dislike the 3-d and contemporary elements
There's never been a movie like it. Hollywood just doesn't make dramas in 3D but this one is truly sensational. Di Caprio delivers one of his best performances.
The best version of F. Scott Fitzgerald's classic 1925 novel ever committed to the screen. But don't get too excited. The bar is very low.
I went into a dark tavern after I saw Baz Luhrmann's The Great Gatsby. I wanted to get over the stilted, garish glitz - the 1920s embalmed in bloated bronze.
The biggest bombs of the blockbuster summer season open up in the second weekend of May. This weekend, that movie is The Great Gatsby, and you can hear the ka-boom all the way to Australia, Old Sport.
The Great Gatsby tells us what it should be showing, even as that show unfurls in grand, inimitable style.
It looks great, and it's an impressive tale to bring to the big screen, but the lack of interest in telling the story keep "Gatsby" from being a great film.
Much like an extravagant gala, it looks majestic and sounds awesome but I couldn't care less about these rich folks throwing the bash.
With all the glitz and glamour of Luhrmann's style is stripped away, The Great Gatsby is not much more than a 1920s soap opera.
It's the struggle between the filmmaker's natural instincts and his better self that makes the results so wildly inconsistent.
"The Great Gatsby" is a visual wonderland. It's stunning, breathtaking and a Luhrmann tour-de-force interpretation of our great American novel. Fitzgerald would be wowed!
A lavish production that features a typically intense performance by Leonardo DiCaprio.
Given all the scandal, mystery, romance, and tragedy that the tale contains, I couldn't shake the feeling that The Great Gatsby should have been hitting me a lot harder than it was.
Look past the 3D gaiety and candy-colored treats and, well, what is there, exactly?
The central problem with Luhrmann's film is that when it's entertaining it's not Gatsby, and when it's Gatsby it's not entertaining.
It's a movie, not a novel and a well executed, original and highly creative work in its own right.
Call it The Not-Half-Bad Gatsby. Or rather, it is half-bad, but the not-bad half turned out better than expected.
Here's a case where faithfulness to a literary source doesn't work well in the movies.
Lurhmann's take on Gatsby is dazzlingly beautiful, dizzyingly fast-paced, and may, like the novel, grow to be more appreciated with time.
While Fitzgerald's book is elegant and elegiac, the film chooses to be jittery... and while that move gives the material a fresh look, it also spoils the inherent appeal and deep sadness that readers of the book remember so well.
Restless, largely unfocused, and always in motion.
As Carraway's depicted in the movie, I can finally see why Hemingway thought Fitzgerald was such a pussy. Carraway is writer as observer-eunuch, the antithesis of Hemingway's phallus-brandishing lion killer.
Strip away the commentary Fitzgerald made on the era and all you have is a love story with the depth of a Nicholas Sparks romance novel.
I'm not sure I understood the book until I saw this movie. Yeah. I said that.
The '20s roar until they're hoarse in Baz Luhrmann's splashy, slap-dashy adaptation of F. Scott Fitzgerald's The Great Gatsby, a movie to divide moviegoers into camps of swooners and groaners, and occasionally make them switch sides.
Subconsciously or not, Baz was determined to burn the sucker to the ground.
It may never come close to what you've read, but you'll definitely see something new.
The best attempt yet to capture the essence of the novel.
DiCaprio plays Gatsby in a way that recalls Homer Simpson's description of God: "Like Barbara Streisand before James Brolin: all powerful but insecure."
The Great Gatsby offers a mix of old Hollywood grandeur and new Hollywood edge (for better or worse) that helps expand on themes in Fitzgerald's seminal novel.
This Gatsby doesn't so much build to a dark revenge as drag its artfully bloated glamour to the far end of the bay.
Certainly people will have their opinions when it comes to Luhrmann's bohemian style, but Fitzgerald's book lends itself very well to this adaptation.
After all is said and done, there's not much left but Luhrmann's usual glamorous cinematography -- this time with 3D added -- and set and costume designs
In the end -- for better and for worse -- this is very much Baz Luhrmann's Great Gatsby, a movie that honors the source material, but stays truer to its own creator's vision.
It is all about style: ultra colorful, superb costuming, knock-out set design, and all in 3-D. That last ingredient pops the imagery past one's eyes and deep into the brain cells. Way past my comfort zone.
"Gatsby" is dazzling and infuriating. Luhrmann goes overboard in portraying the superficiality of the era, pounding it into the audience through loud music and striking colors.
Livelier than any previous screen version. Luhrmann doesn't direct the film so much as he meticulously choreographs it. Leonardo DiCaprio has never been better.
"The Great Gatsby" not so great, but pays a decent tribute to the novel.
A failure that should have at least been a magnificent mistake.
While this all sounds like the makings of one big train-wreck, Luhrmann's cinematic frivolity is right at home with the careless excess of the idle rich of the era.
Luhrmann approaches the story and directs his actors in ways that hold them at a distance from us: the overkill plays less as bold art and more as lack of trust in the source material.
Luhrmann struggles to connect his film's glitzy first half with its darker second half. I suspect there will be people who buy the Blu-ray, only to turn it off midway through every time, just as the last strand of confetti hits the floor.
My impression of this latest adaptation of the classic is it neither sinks nor sails majestically. But it sure looks pretty sitting there. (Complete Content Details for Parents also available)
A visually-stunning, theatrically-showy spectacle that's as lavishly grandiose as one of Gatsby's grotesquely over-the-top shindigs.
This one gets a marginal pass on the basis of Luhrmann's innovative use of 3D, the frenzied energy of the set-pieces, and DiCaprio's performance.
For all of its flash, the movie aims for the utmost sincerity as a grand love story. Alas, Luhrmann doesn't quite have Fitzgerald's finesse when it comes to handling the shift between gilt-edged satire and heart-rending pathos.
"The Great Gatsby" is a cool movie, in both the positive and negative sense. You may certainly be impressed, but you may not be moved.
It's a terrific adaptation that succeeds not only as a work of cinema but also, wonderfully, as proof of the novel's greatness.
It all seems so forced, it's as if Baz was trying really hard to emulate his own style. But he seemed to forget that he IS Baz so he doesn't need to try at all.
Stellar performances and visual pizazz, but suffers from emotional hollowness and excessive style over substance. Combining rap and hip hop music with The Great Gatsby is like mixing ketchup with caviar. F. Scott Fitzgerald is rolling in his grave.
Luhrmann doesn't so much make films as he does experiences and he's done it again with a luxuriously engaging extravaganza that all but renders another adaptation of F. Scott Fitzgerald's classic unnecessary.
Fitzgerald classic gets a decadent, gorgeous, tricky update.
unwatchable farrago
The Great Gatsby is flashy and energetic but never emotionally engaging.
a.k.a Jay-Zzzzzzzzzz
It is a confetti gun of a movie, all sensation and senseless mash-up. The details are gorgeous for the sake of gorgeousness, with no sense of perspective or irony.
The best thing about Baz Luhrmann's much-anticipated/much-dreaded The Great Gatsby is that, for all its computer-generated whoosh and overbroad acting, it is unmistakably F. Scott Fitzgerald's The Great Gatsby. That is no small deal.
Baz Luhrmann's razzmatazz and bombast -- in 3D! -- overwhelm the subtle poetry of F. Scott Fitzgerald's novel.
The latest adaptation of F. Scott Fitzgerald's slim 1925 novel has a luxury not often afforded to literature; it begins weakly and finishes strong.
It is, as I suspected, a gargantuan hunk of over-art-directed kitsch, but it makes for a grandiose, colorful, pleasure-drenched night at the movies.
This dreadful film even derogates the artistry of Fitzgerald, who wrote "The Great Gatsby" while living on Long Island and in Europe.
This is Fitzgerald as seen through the eyes of a gossip columnist.
Luhrmann takes great care with the rhythms of individual scenes, yet the film as a whole plays like a long trudge through a familiar story.
As the warning goes, Luhrmann's 'Gatsby' is no substitute for the novel, but it is way more entertaining than reading the CliffsNotes.
It's the same as it ever was, but now it's in 3D and designed to sell soundtracks.
As unlikely as it might seem, high-energy director Baz Luhrmann has in fact crafted a somnambulant motion picture.
Baz Luhrmann is exactly the wrong person to adapt such a delicately rendered story, and his 3D feature plays like a ghastly Roaring 20s blowout at a sorority house.
When The Great Gatsby actually stops to breathe, there is some greatness to be found, however brief it may be.
Luhrmann's Gatsby may be the most boisterous downer ever put to film. By playing up the highs, the director increases the depth of the lows.
Given how much better the movie's calmer, more emotional scenes play than the hyper-kinetic ones, Luhrmann's visual fervor suggests less of a style than a crisis of confidence.
For his parties, Gatsby appears to have hired the entire Cotton Club and Ziegfeld Follies as well as Busby Berkeley to direct them all.
He's introduced with a cloudburst of fireworks over his King Ludwig/Thomas Kincaid castle while "Rhapsody in Blue" crescendos; add in the zizzing of shooting stars a la Tinkerbell, and it's obvious that Lurhmann thinks of Gatsby as Walt Disney.
Luhrmann hasn't unlocked the secrets of a story that remains all but unfilmable, but his Gatsby is far more than a collection of superficial splashes and tics.
It isn't an embarrassment to the author, but it isn't a cinematic masterpiece, either.
Even while being admirably faithful to so much of the novel's language, Luhrmann and Pearce still can't quite maneuver Carraway's more cautionary contours about America.
Despite timely relevance, enduring truths and Luhrmann's earnest efforts to make The Great Gatsby jump off the screen, he -- and we -- finally can't help but fail to grasp it.
Luhrmann works double-time to make the material fresh, and the strain shows.
Fitzgerald's sensibility is delicately nuanced, but there's steel in his melancholy. With Luhrmann, everything, not just the parties but the intimate scenes, turns into Mardi Gras.
DiCaprio captures all sides of Gatsby: the hardness of the swindler, the softness of the man who needs a confidant, the foolishness of a dreamer who invests in a dead dream.
The picture is a seemingly impossible success: a beautiful, entertaining, tragic, well-paced, and perhaps most shockingly, reverent adaptation of what any sane person might well have labeled an unfilmable story.
Leonardo DiCaprio gives us the full Gatsby, assured yet insecure, and he's magnificent, but the movie ends up romanticizing what Fitzgerald spent the book de-romanticizing.
Baz Luhrmann's delicious visuals struggle to enliven a fairly standard retelling of the Fitzgerald classic.
Clearly, a Baz Luhrmann film coming at you in 3D is not posturing as a deep-dish literary adaptation.
Maguire's otherworldly coolness suits the observer drawn into a story he might prefer only to watch. DiCaprio is persuasive as the little boy lost impersonating a tough guy, and Mulligan finds ways to express Daisy's magnetism and weakness.
Old dogs who don't believe in new tricks can howl about sacrilege, but for those attuned to the movie, "The Great Gatsby" is the cat's meow.
No one will ever accuse Luhrmann of just going through the motions. This production is teeming with cinematic moxie, especially compared to its best-known predecessor: the lethargic Robert Redford/Mia Farrow version from 1974.
It almost seems as if the director is priming the pump for the inevitable Broadway musical.
This isn't a great 'Gatsby,' but it's quite a good one...Despite the spectacle-for-spectacle's sake filmmaking philosophy and lack of interpretive depth the picture works on its own terms.
The themes are spelled out with all the refinement of Cliffs Notes. The CGI gimmicks add nothing relevant (skip the 3-D ticket). And few of the actors seem at all comfortable amid the decadence.
Although the incurably exuberant Baz Luhrmann had the glitter factories and sequin mines working overtime, his glitzed-up "Gatsby" is dishwater dull.
There have been other stabs at Fitzgerald's book ... But none can be deemed as audaciously miscalculated as this.
See the movie for what it is: an exciting, visual celebration of love, life and longing.
What I want to believe is that Luhrmann was striving for his own green light at the end of the pier, and the only way he knew how to even try to reach it was to go all out. If he succeeded is up to you, but I'm a believer in his truly orgastic attempt.
The helmer can't inject feeling into a cold-blooded creation. It's a gorgeous film; sadly, it's not a silent one.
The fourth big-screen version of the novel is no more satisfying than the first three.
...shows life as it never was and never could be, but it is captivating, highlighted by fine acting, incredible sets, and brilliant colors reminiscent of 3-strip Technicolor.
Not so Great "Gatsby" Survives Grandiose Treatment
...director Baz Luhrmann wants to dazzle you with razzle, make you swoon over the gauzy glory of paperbook romance and hit you over the head with Fitzgerald's symbols if not his themes...It's a shame, really, as Leonardo DiCaprio is a great Gatsby.
What a missed opportunity.
We're ... reminded of what this movie could have been, had not Luhrmann hit the autopilot switch and allowed Fitzgerald to do all the dramatic thinking for him.
There may be worse movies this summer than The Great Gatsby, but there won't be a more crushing disappointment.
A bug-eyed, elbows-akimbo art deco migraine that gives one the horrifying sensation of being trapped at a theme party thrown on a cruise ship.
Baz Luhrmann's The Great Gatsby flirts with inspiration, but ultimately just goes to prove my longstanding point that slavish accuracy to source material never makes for wholly compelling cinema.
Gatsby waivers and wanders, overblown and overdone and about twenty minutes too long.
This isn't overkill in the way the term is typically used. It's just a repetitive kill, kill, kill, until the effect becomes numbing. Like being buried in a cavalcade of colorful fabric.
Luhrmann's The Great Gatsby makes enough inventive and fairly amazing choices to earn its outsize existence.
Against the odds, it actually adds up to a satisfying, relevant take on one of the greatest of American tales.
Frenzied and overwrought, Baz Luhrmann'sThe Great Gatsby is a glitz-filled folly.
Saddled with the same slender story that made previous adaptations so bland, Luhrmann has opted for a sort of visual razzle-dazzle that eventually leaves a viewer feeling assaulted.
The real star of any Baz Luhrmann film must be Baz Luhrmann. And he wears out his welcome very early.
Isn't so much style over substance as an inability to access material rather than merely paste it to the screen.
The perfectionist Luhrmann ... captures the exterior excesses of Gatsby's life but overlooks the interior torment that fuels them. Without the latter, Gatsby is less a film and more of a salute to production design.
The result is less a conventional movie adaptation than a splashy, trashy opera, a wayward, lavishly theatrical celebration of the emotional and material extravagance that Fitzgerald surveyed with fascinated ambivalence.
Baz Luhrmann's "The Great Gatsby" is a gaudy, Ritz-sized rhinestone of a movie, more flashy than dazzling, beguiling from some angles and phony to its core.
Where this "Gatsby" fails, it at least does so with imaginative and verve; where it succeeds, it finds poetry.
A sensory wonderland both intimate and vast as director Baz Luhrmann creates an immersive onscreen world that, for all of its bold and fancy reimaginings, remains accurate to F. Scott Fitzgerald's sumptuous literary descriptions.
Even when the movie's not working, its style fascinates. That "not working" part is a deal breaker, though ...
A half-reverent, half-travestying adaptation that's campy but not a betrayal, offering a lively take on a familiar work while sacrificing such niceties as structure, character, and nuance.
There's always something to watch. But the actors' efforts to get something going the old-fashioned way - by interacting with each other, in the service of the characters - get shoved to the sidelines, in favor of one more blast of glitter.
...one wishes Baz Luhrmann had pursued a career as an art director rather than as a filmmaker.
If you're able to make it through the first party scene at Gatsby's mansion, you'll come out on the other side to find a film of surprising restraint and patience.
On paper "Gatsby" sounds like quite the film. On screen, though, things start to fall apart.
It surely belongs to the category of baroque, overblown, megalomaniacal spectacles dubbed "film follies" by longtime Nation film critic Stuart Klawans.
DiCaprio's Gatsby takes the movie's breath away, forcing Luhrmann to put aside his song and dance infatuation for dazzling performances in the heightened world he's created.
Audacious, over-long, and, occasionally dazzling, Baz Luhrmann has delivered an adaptation that's imperfect but also pretty darn fascinating.
DiCaprio has aged into roles like this with a certain grace. He carries himself with the self-confidence Gatsby would, but also manages the shade of doubt, that it's all false bravado.
For the most part, the actors never sync up with Luhrmann's jitterbug rhythm.
It is DiCaprio who really burrows into the soul and the marrow of a classic. Luhrmann just grazes it.
Baz Luhrmann's visually exhilarating "The Great Gatsby" has flash, dash and a modern soundtrack. Leonardo DiCaprio and Tobey Maguire are terrific.
And so we wait, wait for the parties to end, wait for sparks to fly, for tragedy to strike, for repercussions to ensue, for our persistently passive protagonist to simply shut up already.
This is a film which takes classic source material and imbues it on screen with a sense of wonder commensurate to its prior form, perhaps offering an even more visceral impression of the possibilities inherent to this beautiful, tragic world.
Yet another screen version of the 1925 novel where style trumps substance, leaving us yearning for some characters who can engage our emotions.
Maguire open-mouth stupefaction dominates, Mulligan is miscast, and DiCaprio does his best to save his dignity.
So what if it's not literally "The Great American novel"? DiCaprio gives the best performance of his career, and he and the movie "get" Gatsby.
I love the publicity quotes by Baz Luhrmann stating that his intention was to make an epic romantic vision that is enormous. Also: overwrought, asinine, exaggerated and boring. But in the end, about as romantic as a pet rock.
[Luhrmann's] "Great Gatsby" is all about the glitter but it has no soul - and the fact that he's directed it in 3-D only magnifies the feeling of artificiality.
It seldom, if ever, captures that fierce delicacy of feeling Fitzgerald packed into every sentence. And it's not an actors' movie.
This enormous movie is as much of a reflection of its protagonist as its director, offering a window into an exclusive world as it is conceived and formed in a dream.
The anachronistic pop-music cues, digitally augmented tracking shots and disco-globe-glittery production design don't re-create the headiness of early-20th-century New York so much as invent a billowy fantasy otherworld in the gauzy vein of Twilight.
It's first-rate filmmaking in a number of respects, but those accomplishments rarely support one another and when certain components of a film only excel on their own, you just can't achieve a fully realized, believable world.
Jay-Z meets Jay G in this hyperventilated version of F. Scott's eloquent novel about an enigmatic self-made millionaire-the film isn't for purists, but Baz should generate a buzz with young audiences.
Sumptuous, exquisitely gaudy spectacle, emphasizing style over substance and filled with extrvagant parties to which we wish we'd been invited.
DiCaprio is wonderful but can't save this misbegotten film, which is tethered to Fitzgerald's words while failing to approach "Gatsby"'s romantic, heartbreaking soul.
Given the director's penchant for visual bombast and the superhero-sized budget at his disposal, it's also surprisingly satisfying as a dramatization of F. Scott's Fitzgerald's classic novel.
Well, you did it Baz Luhrmann. Even with an enormous budget and a camera that can fly around and do just about anything, you still made watching 'The Great Gatsby' just as boring as sitting through 8th period English.
Luhrmann does find the beating heart at the center of this overstuffed enterprise. It rests firmly in the person of Leonardo DiCaprio's Jay Gatsby,
The Great Gatsby is ultimately an epic tragedy, a parable about America, the American dream ethos and its consequences, but the movie's overblown style chokes the life out of any substance the story may have.
Luhrmann seems to relish the opportunity to explore the period while regarding the book as a burden.
The fourth adaptation of the Fitzgerald novel scores some hits and wild misses, but DiCaprio nails the bull's-eye.
The film builds from an early small-scale Bacchanalia in a gaudy pink New York pied-a-terre to the giant-scale choreographed chaos of the Gatsby party centerpiece, the tour-de-force that makes the movie a must-see.
Because Luhrmann is always thirsting for the next grand gesture -- the next emotional crescendo -- the book's subtlety and shading get trampled under his overblown aesthetic.
Fitzgerald's illusions were not very different from Gatsby's, but his illusionless book resists destruction even from the most aggressive and powerful despoilers.
What Luhrmann grasps even less than previous adapters of the tale is that Fitzgerald was, via his surrogate Carraway, offering an eyewitness account of the decline of the American empire, not an invitation to the ball.
The cast is first-rate, the ambiance and story provide a measure of intoxication and, most importantly, the core thematic concerns pertaining to the American dream, self-reinvention and love lost, regained and lost again are tenaciously addressed.
It's as if every bit of creativity dried up the moment the deal was signed. Yes, this is exactly what I would expect a Baz Luhrmann 'Gatsby' would look like, but is that enough?
This film marks the official moment in which Baz Luhrmann's signature style has become self-parody. So we beat on, boats against the current, jumping the shark.

@highlight

While certainly ambitious -- and every bit as visually dazzling as one might expect -- Baz Luhrmann's The Great Gatsby emphasizes visual splendor at the expense of its source material's vibrant heart.