Director Kevin Lima's new film Enchanted is seemingly made for all the women who grew up on fairytale endings. But growing up is perhaps the wrong word to use. Permanently infantilized might be a better term.
In Enchanted, even the vermin whistle while they work.
In the hands of Adams, the evolution elicits as much sympathy as it does laughter, largely because she grounds every pivotal moment in wide-eyed kindness and generosity, pushing us to care about her fate.
After about half-an-hour the comic steam is dispersed by whimsy, though Timothy Spall is pretty funny as the Evil Stepmother's varlet valet.
Delightful stuff.
This delightfully funny and smart family film certainly lives up to its title.
By the time you are reading this, the ads will already be proclaiming that Enchanted is "enchanting," and for once they'll be spot on.
The result is a fresh, feel-good crowd-pleaser that pokes affectionate fun at fairytale conventions while remaining true to their spirit.
It's so sugary that the adults in the audience should beware of the dangers of Type 2 Diabetes, though overall this is a great film to take the kids to during the school holidays.
Narrated by Julie Andrews with Marsden gleefully camping it up and Adams the personification of winning charm, only a Scrooge would deny the film possesses oodles of fun and wit. It's just not as enchanting as it deserves to be.
Sometimes the big studios get it right. Enchanted is a high-concept fish-out-of-water tale that works on so many levels it's dizzying. Plus, it features a breakout performance by the luminous Amy Adams.
Enchanted is as conventional as the films it tries to satirize.
Amy Adams is a star in the making.
This large-scale Disney family film is sheer delight.
There's no big shocker ending in Enchanted, and it follows a pretty typical formula, but what makes it a winner is its ability to make you smile anyway. Be forewarned, you might even get a cheek ache.
Enchanted is a sweet romantic fable, with some loveable performances and some genuine good humour.
Warm, funny and delightfully nostalgic, this is a must-watch this Christmas for the whole family.
Amy Adams is the reason to see Enchanted, the only reason, but she is so good and committed to a role most actress would play with a knowing smirk, that reason is more than enough.
For the first time, perhaps ever, Disney turns the reflecting mirror at itself, allowing for some inspired fun at its own expense.
Enchanted is, in a word, enchanting. It's a clever, high-spirited romp spoofing fairy tales and the animated, musical versions of them that have been around since 1937's Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs.
Like the Cinderella figure she plays in Disney's Enchanted, Amy Adams spreads a contagion of delight. The movie is great fun, but she's enchanting.
You get the sense that Lima and writer Bill Kelly barely scratched the surface of possibilities of their clever but largely unexplored gimmick.
It's the simple charm and humour of the tale that lingers in the memory.
Happily, the leads carry the day: James Marsden as a prince of grinning vanity, Susan Sarandon as the wicked stepmother, and, above all, Amy Adams, who, in the role of a would-be princess, finds true momentum, not just sappiness, in the farce of innocence.
Amy Adams announces herself as a viable new commercial leading lady in Enchanted, a genial family film which finds animated fairytale characters thrust into the real world.
Enchanted still provides a pleasant twist on Walt Disney's traditional output and has enough decent performances from its cast to raise titters and smiles from even the most grumpy movie-goers.
Enchanted is rich in Disney iconography, the best recipient of which is Susan Sarandon as the wicked Queen. The film in general really benefits from a stellar production team that create the feeling of a classic Disney film in the real world.
It pulls out all the stops in hitting all the familiarities of the genre and spins it on its head in both a fun and intelligent way.
Snobs will hate it because of its happily ever after ending. Everyone else will love it for the exact same reason. After all, a little fantasy never hurt anyone.
It rides on the charm of its actors, particularly Amy Adams as the hapless, homicidally upbeat princess and James Marsden as her would-be prince charming.
Disney offers a delightfully affectionate, and surprisingly entertaining, parody of its own traditions.
Inaugurates an entirely new demographic into the formula machination of the chick-flick (marital edition).
As close as you can get to a family-friendly, live-action satire of Disney animation, made all the better since Disney itself made the film.
Though the film is full of allusions to the Disney canon, they are generally unobtrusive echoes rather than eager satires. This is a children's movie at which adults are also welcome, not a cartoon for grownups.
It is rare for me to use a term like 'magical' to describe a film, but this movie deserves it.
...an admittedly overlong yet thoroughly engaging effort that brings a fresh spin to the old fish-out-of-water formula.
Disney's self-mocking combination of animation and live-action is not without its charm, but so slim is the satire that the result comes dangerously close to resembling a cheap imitation by a moderately talented wannabe.
Its gimmick allows, in our post-ironic era, big musical production numbers in Central Park
There is no doubt about it - Amy Adams is the sole reason Walt Disney Pictures' "Enchanted" is so, well, enchanting.
[T]hink of it as The Purple Rose of Cairo for kids.
Lo and behold, the film held my interest the whole way through, and yes...even made me chuckle here and there.
It may not win over diehard Disney haters, and it doesn't qualify as great filmmaking, but I bet kids will be enjoying this one for decades to come.
A delightful family-friendly holiday confection.
Enchanted is, indeed, enchanting.
Chock full of intriguing twists and turns, plus many memorable musical numbers, this instant Disney classic is a pleasant escape that's fun for young and old.
This modern-day, partly animated fairy tale is a cheery love story, yes, but it's also a little Scream and a lot of Hairspray, cleverly sending up its shamelessly feel-good genre yet sending you off with a fizzy high nonetheless.
It has a chance to be a real crowd pleaser, but unfortunately it zeros in on its core audience, which is 8- to 12-year-old girls
The perfect family film for the festive season.
For a movie filled with magical occurences, Enchanted commits a cardinal sin: It forgets to cast a spell on the audience.
All the fairy-taley wrap-up is decidedly less wonderful than young Morgan's insight and gumption. Surrounded by calculated Disnifications, she's both imperfect and convincing.
A cute family comedy that's perfectly safe for even the tots to attend.
It's Adams who casts the spell.
With its latest movie, Enchanted, Disney is having some fun at its own expense. Gentle fun, it has to be said.
Amy Adams provides the pixie dust that turns New York into a land of enchantment.
Enchanted bubbles over with good cheer, due in large part to Adams for the wide-eyed optimism and innocence she brings to her irony-free performance.
The songs, by "Pocahontas" Oscar-winners Alan Menken and Stephen Schwartz, are cleverly written, with each one evoking a Disney classic from another period.
This family film is fun, but essentially paint-by-numbers.
The animated sequences are disappointingly flat, the real-life parts underwritten, but Amy Adams works hard and keeps a straight face in the lead, and the time passes amiably enough.
It quickly becomes obvious that instead of finding a fresh angle of approach, the filmmakers have simply given us yet another fish-out-of-water fantasy a la "Splash."
A triumphant return to form.
The comic possibilities, once floated, eventually capsize.
Overhyped family movie covered in a cellophane shrink-wrap of corporate Disney plastic-ness.
Beginning like the classic animated stories, with a beautiful princess being rescued by a handsome prince, it raises a laugh immediately with a brilliant send-up of the saccharin duets the young lovers usually sing.
Susan Sarandon is terrific as the Evil Queen; Timothy Spall pops up like a well-used wart; and James Marsden is the terrifically thick and handsome Prince.
Kicking off as a traditional 2-D animation before transforming into live animation when we hit the Big Apple, the film's title doesn't quite describe the film's likely effect on adults, but girls aged six-12 are sure to love it.
It's not quite as enchanted or magical as it could have been, but this family romp still manages to be good fun, and is lifted by fantastic turns from Amy Adams and James Marsden.
Enchanting, fantastic fun for all the family.
A charming family-friendly film complete with a beautiful music score.
Subversive enough for older brother, sweet enough for kid sis, this cine-panto's a safe if not spectacular choice for a Chrimbo family outing. The cartoon chipmunk almost steals it, but Adams' dippy dazzle is the movie's heart, soul and lungs.
It's only when the story hits the streets of NYC and Adams starts hamming it up (much like Julie Hagerty did in 'Airplane') that we start seeing the fruits of a grand Mickey-take.
Enchanted? You will be.
Thoroughly delightful and entertaining, this is exactly the type of movie Walt Disney would make if he were alive today.
Disney's idea is to postmodernize their own princess franchises, and instead of going after them with snark, the references are giddy and gleeful (and quite numerous).
Once upon a time, the Disney studios showed off a clever way to blend animation and live action.
For the most part this is a perky delight that takes a cheeky glee in biting the gloved hand that feeds.
Enchanting for most of its running time.
The dedicated fairy tale fan will have tons of fun spotting all the references. Adams, meanwhile, gives one of the comedy performances of the year.
It may sound like faint praise to say that Enchanted is the movie of the year for smart and spirited 11-year-old girls. But a movie that genuinely respects that audience is not to be belittled.
This magical fantasy-in-reverse is perhaps the best family film of the year.
Disney can afford to poke fun at a lot of things about itself, and in Enchanted, it does exactly that, to largely charming effect.
A sweet little film for anyone that enjoys blurring the lines between fantasy and reality. Climaxes strongly. Has moments of greatness and moments of not-so-greatness.
The delightful Enchanted gives Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs a sweetly subversive spin.
Playing her fairytale character with giddy aplomb, Amy Adams gives a winsomely energetic performance as the live-action version of maiden Giselle.
Enchanted offers us five-stars worth of Amy Adams in four-stars worth of movie. That's not a bad average.
There are probably a few actresses who could play the role of an animated Disney princess come to life, but let's be thankful it's Amy Adams who is playing it.
Amy Adams does something akin to what Johnny Depp did in the first Pirates picture: take a potentially generic Disney movie and invest it with a sublimely inventive performance that takes the overall product to a whole other level.
The kids and adults can dig this one, though adults may be stricken with Disney deja vu by this point.
To my pleasure, the delightful Enchanted stands out in a season full of violent and drug-ridden movies.
If the mere notion of Disney returning to their roots doesn't at least bring a tiny bit of a smile to your face, then you are, I'm sorry, completely dead inside.
Disney's Enchanted is the sweet, lighthearted antithesis to the more serious fare this holiday season, fueled by a thoroughly captivating performance from Amy Adams.
Maintains a delicate balance between wish-fulfillment fantasy and a recognition that the world inhabited by its audience is filled with disappointment as well as with joy...
Watching Amy Adams exude her comical charm is alone worth the price of admission.
Sarandon's wicked queen switches it up as a witch on the down low, exuding bad vibes crackling with charismatic menace. Even if a bit like a real queen also notorious for not taking a liking in the least to her own royal offspring's choices in women.
A very nice enjoyable fluffy movie.
A surprisingly entertaining movie that possesses the trademark Disney magic while administering a few well-deserved jabs in the ribs at the same time.
Enchanted earns its label as a "family film" by virtue of its ability to captivate audience members both young and old.
With its buoyant combination of romance, music and fun, 'Enchanted' emerges as one of the most entertaining films of the year.
It makes for good family viewing.
...winsomely clever...
The first half of this film is just pure joy.
This is a film Walt himself would have been proud of, a family flick that's marvelously gratifying no matter what your age.
What pushes the film over the top is the terrific turn by Adams, who really seems like a Disney heroine come to life.
I walked in there all crabby, tired, bitter, and sad, and I walked out with a beatific smile on my face that not even Beowulf could remove entirely.
Amy Adams looks and sounds as if she indeed emerges from a fairy-tale land.
Adams is somehow more cartoonish than the animated version of Giselle at the beginning of the film.
Wonderful family entertainment.
Adams carries Enchanted's fairy-tale conceit on her tiny shoulders - and on her, it floats as if sprinkled with pixie dust.
The gag wouldn't work with just anyone in the lead, but Adams' openhearted performance never winks. She really does want the best for everyone, and can't fathom why they don't all feel the same.
If I have my druthers Adams will get her second Oscar nomination, part of me even hoping she can pull of the same Julie Andrews Mary Poppins miracle and actually win the darn golden statue outright.
Maybe it's not a whole new world, but it's one you already know and love quite well.
Disney goes meta in this witty, exuberant musical comedy whose parody and nostalgia serve a sweet and affecting romance.
Portraying a version of Disney's Snow White, [Adams] owns the character, down to every warble and twirl.
An inspired Disney fairy-tale mash-up.
Enchanted is not a perfect movie ... But it is so thoroughly delightful when Adams is on screen you forgive its faults with a smile.
What could have been an epic Disney misfire is saved by the charming Adams.
Wonderful performances by Amy Adams and James Marsden as the real-life versions of a classic Disney princess and her prince charming. They are magnificent.
Enchanted isn't just a culture-clash fable, it's also a throwback to one of classic Hollywood's giddiest genres: the screwball comedy.
Charming. I wanted to sing all the way home and make some clothes out of my favorite curtains.
The film, anchored by an entrancing performance by Amy Adams and a strong ensemble cast, is cleverly written. The situations are funny, and the story feels effortlessly entertaining.
Surprisingly sophisticated riff on animated fairy-tale movie cliches.
How refreshing it is that Enchanted gently makes fun of Disney tradition while upholding it at the same time. There are no cheap or vulgar jokes, and sentiment never turns to treacle.
An irresistible blend of screwball comedy and Disney fairy-tale musical, Enchanted takes its enchanting premise and prances away with it, holding the audience happily captive.
Enchanted squeaks by on the charm of its performers, particularly Adams.
Enchanted hits every high note, and a great family film that entertains both the kids and adults is something we can all be truly thankful for.
The results look something like an overscaled Muppet movie (which ain't such a bad thing in itself).
Enchanted is worth seeing for Adams, and children will adore the slapstick performers, including a prominently featured CGI chipmunk.
Adams' performance is the kind that deserves an Academy Award nomination yet seldom gets one.
Cute and clever enough to enchant little girls -- not to mention their mothers.
The film affectionally spoofs animated-fantasy formulas.
It's obvious but inescapable: Enchanted is as good as its name.
Disney satirizes its own princess megabusiness -- but still goes for the standard payoffs -- with this funny story of a fairy-tale heroine who finds herself in real-life New York City.
There's plenty to enjoy here.
It's novel, it's amusing and it can't help but peter out in the third act as the screenplay trucks toward a Big Apple showdown between good and evil. By this time, Enchanted is merely coasting on Adams' considerable charm. It's enough.
A gently meta fairy tale that pokes fun at Disney's animated classics, just never too hard to hurt.
Enchanted manages the trick of recasting sugar spun Disney fairy tales of old into a winning, modern-day comedy. Walt Disney would be impressed.
A heart-winning musical comedy that skips lightly and sprightly from the lily pads of hope to the manhole covers of actuality, if you see what I mean. I'm not sure I do.
The sight of Adams gliding and beaming and chirping in this movie is just about the happiest time I've had watching an actor do anything all year.
Adams is truly magical. She brews up her most transfixing expressions when words fail her.
The jokes rarely miss and the result is a refreshingly sardonic fairy tale.
Amy Adams is absolutely adorable as the enchanting fish-out-of-water princess.
Innovative concept meets gratingly dull plot. Take your 9-year-old, but bring your No Doze.
Silly yet never quite satirical, it's like Shrek without his teeth.
Smart, sassy and sweet but...never vulgar or mean, it's a knowing but not condescending modern family-friendly fairy tale.
Enchanted works its magic largely by sending up some of the very stereotypes that have long been Walt Disney Pictures' profitable stock in trade.
We believe she is a Disney princess. No doubt Giselle will be joining her forebears at the theme parks.
Its success is largely due to the casting of Amy Adams who is simply sensational. She weaves some serious movie magic into this thing.
[Adams has] got a wild-eyed spark that suggests she's probably game for just about anything. I hope Hollywood doesn't sand her down too much and turn her into a bland star.
Adams gives a great performance. Her sincerity is what makes it all work.
Adorable fairy tale is a fabulous family flick.
While the tongue-in-cheek comedy plays a major role, there's also a warm, charming story here that makes the movie much more than simple satire.
Enchanted is a sugar spun delight. It's as fluffy as a bunch of newborn bunnies and as cute as an entire collection of buttons.
Eventually peddles the same old ass-backwards messages, equating physical beauty with goodness, and positing that a woman's greatest dream is that a hunk will materialize out of thin air and make her a contented homemaker and wife.
It's silly and sweet, but never cloyingly so
Enchanted is easily the best Disney movie in years. It could even be the best film of the year.
a great, clever concept, and it's family fun
a rare, fun, loving lampoon of what made Disney great, and one of those special treats you look forward to at holiday time.
Given the possibilities it's not particularly inventive, but it is nice to see a comedy so affectionate with the conventions it spoofs.
It couldn't be whispier or more Disney-rific -- don't expect any grand philosophies on life beyond 'ain't true love grand?' -- but as a way to pass a couple hours in sheer movie-movie bliss, you can't go wrong.
No air quotes or winks at the audience, just a fresh, sweet story. And that's movie magic.
The best Disney fantasy-musical since Mary Poppins, a hilarious, dazzling send-up of the thing that made Disney what it is today fairy-tale princesses.
Adams is daffy and delicious in a star-making role, and the script, direction and music are spot-on.
[Amy Adams is] every Disney princess in one ebullient package.
Enchanted charmingly reworks all the old [Disney] favorites while incorporating fresh twists of its own.
Disney's gloriously tongue-in-cheek parody of its own princess genre is notable for how it's G-rated heroine makes us realize how far a bit of innocence and optimism can uplift our outlook in today's untrusting world.
A hugely entertaining, clever comic fairy tale. Most of the credit goes to Oscar nominee Amy Adams.
This charmer of a film runs a little long and is heavy on the CGI dragon. The real special effect is Adams, who sings the Alan Menken and Stephen Schwartz songs with brio, complementing her vivacious performance.
It's Amy Adams who lends the role a heart bigger than the frame can contain. I defy anyone to watch this movie and not fall hopelessly in love with her performance.
Enchantment only goes so far in Disney's Enchanted, a sometimes clever, other times grating mix of live action and animation that plays tricks with levels of movie reality as the world of fairy-tale animation invades contemporary New York.
One of those rare pieces of 'all ages entertainment' that will actually work for all ages, Enchanted succeeds most of all as a showcase for its superb leading lady.
The only thing about the film of any lasting significance is Amy Adams, the bewitchingly good actress who plays the princess.
Amy Adams shines in this fabulous fable about what happens when the fairy tale world takes a bite out of the Big Apple.
There are some enchanting aspects in Enchanted -- the most enchanting being Amy Adams.
When it's funny, it's good. But when it takes a turn for the heartwarming, it feels more like a Disney knockoff than a send-up.
The charm of the actors, the unabashedly romantic goofiness and the clever winks at classic Disney set pieces make the movie not only kid-friendly but a guilty pleasure for adults as well.
A shimmering pastiche of missed opportunities.
Enchanted proves that a motion picture can be light and frothy and yet still be intelligent and emotionally rewarding. As unlikely as it may seem, this is one of the year's best and brightest films.
That rare comedy that will appeal to the whole family, as it indulges in all the dreams of fairy-tale romance while making a few 21st-century adjustments.
Enchanted isn't something to get worked up over -- not only because it's so boring, but because it can't even be bothered to adhere to its own internal logic.
An expert blend of comedy, romance and adventure, Enchanted will be just as fun for adults as for children.
Simple, relentlessly charming fairytale conjures some old-fashioned Mouse House magic - and a star-making turn from Amy Adams.
Amy Adams is this movie.
More than lives up to its title. A full-blown musical that commutes between Disney's patented cartoon universe and the real world with cleverness and grace, this splashy production reminds one of nothing in the Disney canon so much as Mary Poppins.
Essentially postmodern and deconstructivist, what could have been a mishmash of animation and live action, fantasy and realism, CG effects and handdrawn segments, under Lima's inspired helm becomes a unified entertainment suitable for kids and adults.
Disney's attempt to out-subvert the subversives comes with this often delightful rom-com fairytale.
Adams is the wish your heart makes when you want a storybook princess for the ages. She's wicked good.
Works like a charm!
Tween girls whom the movie is aimed at will have a blast.
This witty romantic romp playfully spins its story with the required cuteness constantly subverted by a very sharp script.
Enchanted is an enjoyable comedy with several hilarious gags and a genuinely charming performance from Amy Adams. Worth seeing.

@highlight

A smart re-imagining of fairy tale tropes that's sure to delight children and adults, Enchanted features witty dialogue, sharp animation, and a star turn by Amy Adams.