Superbly filmed by director Steven Soderbergh, and Del Toro's immersive performance in the title role is of the highest class.
Ultimately, whatever the eventual shape this movie comes in, it is bravura, ambitious film-making and a welcome, post-Ocean's 11 return to serious form from this talented director.
Titanic work, obviously ambitious with extraordinary performances and a history that (pardon the redundancy) made history. [Full review in Spanish]
where Part One is the triumph of the Cuban Revolution and Che's part in making it a success, Part Two is the failure of the dream in Bolivia and the desperation and the failure is felt in more jarring camerawork.
After the exhilaration of Part One, the mood of Part Two seems somber, almost funereal, but it's integral to the story.
As a standalone film this is far less enjoyable than the first, but there is enough in here to engage and entertain for the duration.
Part Two is the more interesting film. ... Gorgeously shot in a lyrically linear style, with combat often depicted with carefully composed extreme long shots,
Soderbergh has no interest in sentimentality, or back story, or even really in Guevara's philosophy, except as a rigorously footnoted onscreen reflection. Practically rejecting outright the concept of poetic license, Che is radical as a biopic.
Certainly Soderbergh gives you a sense of the boredom of war - as the days tick by on the screen, you feel your own will to live begin to falter.
... a deeply interesting and commercially brave movie, one that recognizes the limits inherent in cinematic biography. It is meant to be experienced, not sounded for meanings, and is weakest when Soderbergh caves into his poetic impulses...
The film's narrative flow is less driven by events, which are revealed in spurts, but are drawn along as their inevitable consequences.
The film quickly turns into what can best be described as a lot of wandering around in the Bolivian jungle.
At this length, that's an unforgivable sin.
The persuasiveness of the film's reconstructions is impressive, but there is hardly ever any tension. It's hard to tell exactly what Soderbergh was hoping to achieve.
It's well staged, but a good deal less gripping than the first part and the political background is less clear than it might have been.
The saving graces are a commanding performance from Del Toro and the inspirational humanity of Guevara; even facing defeat and death he still has an unshakable belief that right will prevail and social justice will flourish.
Che Two is deeply impressive: austerely confident, coherent and mysterious.
Benicio Del Toro is superb as the asthmatic, pipe-smoking Che, while the supporting cast capture the frustration of a disintegrating armed struggle.
This plodding, one-paced, dramatically inert movie is almost entirely surface description.
Having given us Che the icon, Del Toro now gives us Che the man: an asthmatic, flawed individual, powerless to prevent events spiralling out of his control. The film itself is far less compelling.
The result, a second story-less mumble in the jungle, is so exhaustingly over-researched it can't see the wood for the trees - and, believe me, one thing you'll not feel short-changed over is trees.
Like Guevara's slog through the Bolivian undergrowth, Che Part Two is a hallucinatory journey into the heart of darkness, defined by a performance of great presence.
Saying that a film has too much insight is hardly damning.
A gripping, astringent portrayal of what happens when you try to force a revolution on territory which isn't fertile ground, in and of itself, Soderbergh's second instalment exerts a certain analytical intrigue.
Darker in tone and more introspective thematically, Che: Part 2 is the more interesting of the two films.
His film is brilliantly shot, capturing the chilly bareness of the landscapes through which the rebels yomp, but it's formalist and clinical to a degree that will challenge viewers eager to identify with the figures it depicts.
Che Part 2 is still problematic in that it unfolds at a glacial pace. Though it's at times hypnotic in its lethargy, the episodic structure is not easy to trudge through.
Director Steven Soderbergh's one-dimensional portrait of the revolutionary hero continues unabated in the second part of his over-reverential biopic.
Gripping, elusive and something to be experienced, Che Part Two continues to offer up surprises, frustration and - above all - fascination.
Soderbergh deserves all credit for attempting a very un-Hollywood project, an objective, forensic war film in the lineage of Pontecorvo's The Battle of Algiers, and as Benicio del Toro is convincing as the warrior in decline.
This second part of the Che saga is beautifully presented but annoyingly rambling at times.
This film is stronger than the first. The pale, sepulchral tones give a ritualistic eeriness to the long pursuit scenes.
It's expertly made, mind you, and features a performance from Benicio Del Toro, practically masked in whiskers, that is both brave and sincere, like the mistaken Che himself.
Meticulous in its showing of the nuts-and-bolts of jungle warfare, it may be the closest we'll ever get to an art-house action movie. As a tribute to Che, it beats a T-shirt.
Superbly directed, intriguingly non-traditional biopic with a terrific central performance from Benicio Del Toro, though it drags considerably in the middle section.
Most scenes have very little dialog, relying on the expressive faces of the strong cast
Why Bolivia? We don't know, and by the time Guevara picks his way to capture and execution it's hard to care.
Luckily for us, Soderbergh is one of those rare directors who's able to make uninterrupted misery engaging.
Can be dry, but it's never less than interesting, well filmed and honestly acted.
Soderbergh's guerilla-style filmmaking lends a grittiness to Part Two that puts you in the action...
This isn't a biography -- it's a nature show where Guevara is the lion.
Coming directly after the enthralling sweep of The Argentine, it's easy to lose some faith in Soderbergh's ability to obtain a consistent pace to the picture.
Twice as long as it needs to be, but it is also only half the movie it should have been.
I have not sensed such movie pomposity since Elizabeth Taylor's Cleopatra entered Rome on a juggernaut borne by slaves. Che comes in at 257 minutes-worth of arrogance - it's so long that director Steven Soderbergh has had to play Solomon and cut it in two
...while Part Two needs Part One and not vice versa, it is Part Two that is the more cinematically daring and enveloping.
These are films that are certainly thought out clearly but not nearly felt enough.




@highlight

The second part of Soderbergh's biopic is a dark, hypnotic and sometimes frustrating portrait of a warrior in decline, with a terrific central performance from Del Toro.