This appalling mess of a movie just isn't funny.
Unfunny, badly acted, and made solely for the purposes of big paychecks this film is just utterly embarrassing and nonsensical. This is mindless drivel, without being able to call itself a guilty pleasure.
Proof that most sequels should be avoided, "The Whole Ten Yards" vaporizes the humor of its superior 1999 precursor.
Mostly overacted and overblown, the script tries to make 'outlandish' into outrageous but hardly ever manages it. Missing is the element of some discernible sense of reality that is essential to black comedy.
Every joke is stretched to the breaking point, and no one seems to be having any fun.
The script is so bland it barely musters a whole ten laughs.
While most sequels have nowhere to go, this sequel has nowhere it wants to go, and while most movie failures are unoriginal, this mess is simply uninspired.
Just rent Sexy Beast.
The magic is now gone because we've seen the wizard's tricks.
One must ask why sequels such as this come to be.
Através de uma edição ligeira, procura nos convencer de que algo engraçado está acontecendo e que há uma dinâmica autêntica entre seus personagens. Não há e não está.
Please, please, please. I'm begging you, Hollywood: Don't even think about making The Whole Eleven Yards.
98 minutes of mirth-free entertainment.
Utterly pointless sequel that fails to generate even a single laugh.
Somehow I doubt we'll be seeing 'The Whole Eleven Yards'.
Nowhere near as good as the first film, and that one wasn't too brilliant either.
A lazy, dumb, irrelevant sequel to 2000's "The Whole Nine Yards." It gathers together most of its predecessor's cast and puts out a contract on their careers.
Because the cast is having so much fun, it's hard to blame them when the film becomes almost persistently unfunny.
Disoriented by characters always shooting and yelling at him, Chandler spends the film tripping over furniture and slamming into doors.
Why do movies like this happen?
The Whole Ten Yards is so unspeakably awful that I swear I felt precious brain cells melting away as my eyes took in the horror.
Don't compromise yourself or your happy memories of the Whole Nine Yards by seeing this one.
Inconsistencies in tone are minor when compared to the confusion created by the editor's butchery.
Remember the name George Gallo. Just short of a year from now, he's going to be nominated for a Razzie award for worst original screenplay.
None of it is funny, and to make matters worse, writer George Gallo and director Howard Deutch have somehow managed to domesticate out of Jill the goofball sensuality that gave the original its quirky edge.
The gang that couldn't shoot straight returns for another mindless round of Three Stooges-meet-The-Sopranos mayhem.
The resources wasted on this violent and unfunny sequel could make a thousand budding filmmakers weep.
A plotless, wretched mess that makes no sense whatsoever.
A heavily made up Kevin Pollak -- (over)playing a Hungarian gangster -- best sums up the mood: 'Thees ees reminding me of my favoreet soup opera.'
...criminally deficient.
The gags are flat, and the plot twists aren't enough to keep the film moving.
Most of this film is over the top and not very funny.
A slapstick gun comedy, it has few laughs and even fewer imaginative moments. It is directed broadly and badly by Howard Deutch.
... an utter disaster.
As a fan of the original, I'll be kind. The Whole Ten Yards is a bit of a disappointment.
It's hard to say what the filmmakers' intent is. The characters all feel like concoctions, like synthetic movie people forged in a crucible of Red Bull during late-night meetings at the studio compound.
In watching The Whole Ten Yards, one thing is instantly clear -- the four years between films were not spent hammering out a smart, cleverly-nuanced screenplay.
[The Whole Ten Yards] is a film that doesn't need to exist.
Shot down by hammy performances and a forced plot.
One of the most embarrassingly unfunny comedies to crawl down the pike in some time.
At the end of this takeoff on the bumbling hitman-gangster formula, Matthew Perry keeps repeating how confused he's been because he wasn't let in on The Plan. Who was?
Will go anywhere for a gag.
Leaden, laugh-free, lacking anything resembling a heart, mind or soul.
A dismal sequel to the second-rate Whole Nine Yards.
So mirthless is this misbegotten enterprise, the sound of fake chucklers busting a gut would at least have given us valuable clues as to when we're supposed to laugh.
The Whole Nine Yards was only about a yard short of being a worthwhile comedy back in 2000, but its sequel, The Whole Ten Yards, doesn't even manage to get onto the playing field.
Slap-happy and slapdash, Ten Yards lacks the clever twists and turns that made the original such fun.
There are movies that could benefit from Three Stooges sound effects. This is one.
As if we need further proof that Perry is not cut out for movie stardom -- either Almost Heroes or Three to Tango would suffice -- The Whole Ten Yards confirms it.
There's nothing in this sequel that needs to be experienced in the theater, unless you have a particular desire to see Matthew Perry smash his face into doors, cupboards and a floor or two.
If [The Whole Nine Yards] should not have worked, then the sequel definitely shouldn't work, either. But, once again, it kind of does.
The story makes absolutely no sense.
For all its loud gunplay and manic shouting, the movie never works up much of a head of steam.
A time waster.
A second-rate sitcom with gunplay.
This is the kind of farce Jack Lemmon and Tony Curtis churned out when they teamed up for The Great Race and Peter Falk and Alan Arkin gave us in The In-Laws.
The upside of all this -- I'm willing to bet no one will have to go through the trouble of coming up with a sequel title with the word Eleven in it.
It's possibly the laziest, lamest comedy to come along in awhile.
A mostly funny film with occasional dead spots that does best letting the caricatures say exactly what you'd thought they'd say in next week's episode.
This is one of those movies you look at quizzically: What did they think they were doing?
The Whole Ten Yards is not as desperate, unfunny, and nonsensical as its title. It's worse.
One of the most laughless experiences I've had at a theatre so far this year.
Nowhere amidst all the frantic clutter do we find anything resembling the sweet, nutty playing that elevated The Whole Nine Yards.
A redundancy that should more honestly be called The Whole Nine Yards All Over Again.
A dumb, pointless sequel.
On a 1-to-10 scale of bad comedy (10 being the unfunniest), this one rates an 11.
If The Whole Nine Yards was a by-product of the hit man genre of dark comedies launched by Quentin Tarantino and Pulp Fiction, Ten Yards is just a copy of a copy.
Ten Yards' collection of sight gags and silliness never gels into anything more than a desperate attempt to wring laughs out of a tapped-out premise.
It's yet another sequel that's just not as good as the original.
Making a sequel to a forgettable little film released four years ago is bad enough, but The Whole Ten Yardsactually requires you to remember the first movie's plot.
Willis gives head cases a bad name, never quite letting even his fellow actors in on the joke that he took this particular job for the paycheck.
[T]he perfect example of the utterly unnecessary sequel.
The extra yard in the title is, apparently, the amount of rope necessary for this unwanted franchise to hang itself.
If you find yourself pulled in with the Friday night herd to see the movie, you should be in for a tolerable enough time.
It's merely there because Hollywood has turned into a boring, ol' risk-averse, churn-'em-out machine that'd rather bang out recycled garbage than take a chance on anything original.
The Whole sequel is so excruciatingly bad it reaches a new low for Bruce Willis.
A recycled, unfunny, dumbed-down version of a really good movie - maybe a dose of that nitrous oxide would have helped .
...fails to go the same distance its predecessors did in storytelling and, just like the title's dubious twist on the common expression, no one seems to know what it means.
A paltry collection of lame one-liners, stock characters and tired sight gags.
one of the sloppiest pieces of hackwork to be put out by a major studio recently. In fact, this flaccid comedy's only laughs come from its sheer ineptitude.
With a level of anti-chemistry that approaches the supernatural, the cast... looks desperately miserable...
Perry resembles nothing so much as a jittery sitcom character plopped into a big-screen story, out of place and desperate.
Here's another major-studio comedy that makes you want to apply for frequent-misery mileage.
An excruciating rehash that has virtually none of the wit and charm of the original.
If you want more of the same, Whole Ten Yards gives exactly that. And only that.
The only thing to keep this effort from sinking completely, like a snitch with cement shoes, is Kevin Pollack's broad portrayal.
Avoid the film, burn $10, down a large Coke, then jump up and down on your bed until you're completely nauseous. The effect will be the same but you'll save 90 minutes.
None of it is funny. At all. Not even a little.
Could it BE any more atrocious?
Ten Yards regathers the cast of quirky killers and neurotic nebbishes and gives them almost nothing to do.
The sequel to The Whole Nine Yards is more afterthought than accomplishment, a cocktail made with orange juice and Champale instead of actual bubbly.
A disastrously unfunny sequel.
[A] miserably unfunny, wholly unnecessary affair.
An exercise in humiliation for all concerned.
Strenuously unfunny.
You'd have better luck locating the Lost Dutchman Mine than finding a chuckle in this film.
...like a morgue for laughs. Dead jokes are lined up across the screen.
The strain needed to extend The Whole Ten Yards a yard -- and to feature length -- is so evident it breaks new pic's comedy spirit, making it a dubious member of the Sequel Hall of Shame.
Where the first pic breezed along with gags and gunplay, this forced follow-up is artificial to the hilt -- fueled on a kind of trying-too-hard hilarity that makes even good actors look bad.
The big surprise -- the only gratifying surprise -- of The Whole Ten Yards is that we're glad to see almost everyone back.
Perry is good at physical comedy. But there are only so many times Oz can take pratfalls before we start to feel embarrassed for Perry for having to milk laughs from such feeble fodder.
Marginally better directed and better written than the original Nine Yards, it's still a big, empty picture full of star turns, artificial energy and jokes that don't quite work, even if stars Willis and Perry do their best to slam them across.
The story is a formulaic jumble, and the minor characters often appear to have wandered in from another Hollywood set.
If you're not familiar with the first film, most of the jokes and characters in this new outing will be meaningless to you.
Unlike 'Gigli', this one is so embarrassingly unfunny that it probably will not evoke even an unintentional laugh.
Though still fun, silly and occasionally very funny, the sequel falls a few inches short of 'The Whole Nine Yards.'
lacks any sort of coherent style
The original may not have offered a full nine yards of laughs, but the comedic value of this moronic sequel would have to be measured not even in inches, but in millimeters.
Why do filmmakers persist in making sequels to movies nobody seems to have liked in the first place, let alone loved with the kind of passion that leaves them hungry for more?
It's not a movie made because someone had a good idea for how to follow up the funny first film - it's just a sequel for the sake of a sequel.
The zany hitman action-comedy sequel that nobody asked for -- and yes, in case you're wondering, it's every bit as nonsensical and overitalicized a mess as The Whole Nine Yards.
I didn't laugh once because I'm not amused by gay jokes anymore... am sick of white comedians doing broad minstrel ethnic face, and erectile dysfunction and flatulence gags.
succeeds only in making one of Willis' previous bombs, HUDSON HAWK look, well, not good, nothing in this part of the time/space continuum can do that, but downright competent
The Whole Ten Yards fails to work on so many levels that it's hard to know where to begin
The Passion was funnier than this tripe.
A new director fails to maintain a firm hand on the tiller, so things spin swiftly out of control with uneven acting and misfired physical gags.



@highlight

A strained, laugh-free sequel, The Whole Ten Yards recycles its predecessor's cast and plot but not its wit or reason for being.