An animated existential drama with puppets surprisingly cuts through to the heart more than most films in existence
The bleakness is more about Kaufman's disappointment with human beings. No one in the film seems to know what to do about it. Though wilfully pessimistic, it's a striking achievement.
That's about it, plot-wise. Kaufman's lugubrious tone is instantly recognizable, and yet the final result showcases his most linear and consistent work to date.
Anomalisa is 90 minutes of contempt for life that refuses to find anything good in the world. It's a movie that makes you happy to get back to reality. It's also a movie that makes you feel very sorry for the man who made it.
If everybody is identically manufactured and therefore dead inside, do we really need a joyless film to confirm that fact for us?
As admirable as Anomalisa is in so many ways, by the end, I wanted to be more moved.
. . .sublime performances lend the film a rare aural self-sufficiency: you could close your eyes and still enjoy it.
Anomalisa is one of those rare creatures that climbs inside your head and makes a cozy nest for itself. It won't budge, and leaves you peering inside your own skull to see what it is up to in there.
Charlie Kaufman crafts worlds where people find love in unlikely places, and lose love so easily you'd think they actually want to be miserable.
A remarkably human film with a heart as big as its story is small; yet a version of the film that more proudly wears its medium on its sleeve is one that the animation world can only dream of.
A darkly reflective film that doesn't stagnate in pessimism, a creation full of potential readings that translates into a unique visual and sonorous experience. [Full review in Spanish]
It's emotionally intense and wonderfully internal.
The brilliant Charlie Kaufman makes a very welcome return to our screens, co-directing his own script with Duke Johnson, in this haunting and humorous stop-motion treatise on human relationships.
This is the easiest of all Kaufman's projects to understand, and perhaps for that reason, just possibly the best.
It's weird and brilliant and heartbreaking and unlike anything you've ever seen.
Touching but transitory.
An extraordinary animation from Charlie Kaufman, about one man's breakdown over a night in the blandest hotel.
[In] Kaufman's previous films, the protagonists' inner worlds were so charismatically projected that you understood why they preferred themselves. This time around, that navel proves a gloomy place to dwell for ninety minutes.
Anomalisa is fascinating, and I cannot say I was ever bored by anything that Kaufman and Johnson were choosing to show me.
Anomalisa is one of the most enrapturing daring and moving films you will see this year.
That, perhaps, is the genius of Anomalisa: its ability to inspire pity for unpleasant puppets-and their puppeteers.
More emotionally complex than many humans you'll see on screen in 2016, their grapples with loneliness will pull powerfully on your heartstrings, no puppet pun intended.
It's kind of a suffocating view of humanity, and not one with terribly new insights into middle-aged male behavior , though it has an impressively creative way of re-packaging those insights.
Kaufman's protagonist, as always, is a man trapped in a world where reality has shifted sideways, but which he has come to accept as normal.
By the time Michael and Lisa are up in that hotel room, trying so heroically to say the right thing, the picture has transcended its gimmicks.
A jewel in stop-motion about the redemptive and devastating power of love. [Full Review in Spanish]
Fits perfectly with Kaufman's other oddball, theatre-of-the-absurd efforts.
Its etherealness is not unfamiliar territory for Kaufman, but his way of making the familiar seem unfamiliar carries the day, as always.
It's a film therapists could spend years analysing on the couch. [Kaufman] has, once again, succinctly captured that very modern problem of how we live. Sheer genius.
Speaks truth to life.
As he did in films like Being John Malkovich and Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Charlie Kaufman continues to explore the nature of human identity in this bracingly original stop-motion animated feature.
Sitting through this is like chewing cardboard and then congratulating ourselves on our ability to suffer.
...a fascinating and moving piece of cinema. It's funny and sad and scarier than any of those movies where demons or monsters pop out at you.
There's much to take from Anomalisa that belies its soft-eyed dolls and dry wit, not least its meticulous mix of the whacky with hard, uncompromising realism.
I've seen it thrice. It has not palled.
A wistful reflection on our constant aching for human connections and the fleeting nature of true happiness.
There's something magical about the malaise which raises this above mere misanthropy - a heightened sense of fragile life that perhaps only puppets could hope to achieve.
An animated film that becomes a valuable tale about intimate and human emotions. [Full review in Spanish]
Charlie Kaufman is a true original, and while he doesn't make many films, the ones he has certainly stick in your mind.
In Anomalisa, a few puppets and a minuscule budget somehow create an entire universe reverberating with life's biggest questions.
We carry our despair with us, Anomalisa seems to suggest, and if that sounds like heavygoing news, well, at least it's made more palatable by the curative effect of art.
Though fellow fatalists Woody Allen (when in Dostoevskian mode) and Todd Solondz occupy similar territory, the arrival of Kaufman's stop-motion drama Anomalisa reiterates the uniqueness of [Kaufman's] surreally skewed metaphysical inquiries.
It has a haunting, desolate beauty, and it's achingly sad, like a half deserted zoo in the middle of a Midwestern winter.
From the brilliant mind of Charlie Kaufman comes the best film about hotel-related boredom since Lost in Translation. But with puppets.
It's a slow movie that won't be for everyone. But for those looking to have their minds engorged with ideas and intuition, Anomalisa is a well of inspiration.
Occasionally just a little too pleased with itself, this is nevertheless a weirdly rewarding exercise with Michael's debilitating detachment made all the worse by being experienced by a puppet.
I can imagine entire dissertations analysing what Kaufman is getting at with all this, and with the strange quirk of having obvious joins in his characters' faces, as if they are wearing masks.
Anomalisa is a reminder that animation can do much more than provide high jinks for a family audience. This is a surprisingly dark film, but it is a lyrical and insightful one. It delves into areas that even the frankest live-action dramas shy away from.
Exquisitely sad, strange, and achingly humane ...
Even in its apparently throwaway opening gag, Anomalisa has human existence covered.
No one would start a punch-up if they said that the screenwriter Charlie Kaufman is the most original voice to emerge in US cinema since David Lynch.
It's experiencing this film that matters, and experiencing how remarkably affecting it is, and experiencing the thrum that won't leave you be.
Kaufman and Johnson's puppets are quaint yet spooky, rudimentary yet lifelike.
Intricately, brilliantly, tragically solipsistic.
The hell of other people fuses with the hell of loneliness in this strange miniature masterpiece from Charlie Kaufman.
Unique and inspired, Kaufman's brilliantly constructed tale mixes hope and heartbreak to devastating effect.
Anomalisa is an impressive technical feat and another Kaufman film that grows like a virus in your subconscious.
The new Charlie Kaufman movie goes beyond mere curiosity for his somber mood and extraordinary animation. [Full Review in Spanish]
Charlie Kaufman shows us what it is to be human. Plus the best use of Cyndi Lauper's 'Girls Just Want To Have Fun' in the movies.
It all moves at a snail's pace - and we're talking about a slow snail.
Anomalisa is a bittersweet, real and nostalgic beauty in every scene. [Full review in Spanish]
Serious lovers of animation won't forgive themselves if they miss this remarkable, absorbing film.
An astonishing, even perception-altering experience that represents a startling use of animation to tell a story that no live-action film could tell.
A magnificent film that marks Charlie Kaufman's return to cinema in a big way. [Full review in Spanish]
Charlie Kaufman's first foray into stop-motion animation is a typically existential and deeply moving affair.
A coarsely unsettling, tragically profound, and often quite funny stop-frame animated picture.
'Anomalisa' works best as a curiosity: What would it be like to watch the zany Kaufman commit to one single idea?
Anomalisa is one of the best productions of the New York based filmmaker. [Full review in Spanish]
The 90-minute tale's an unexpected delight-unless it's happening to you and the voices inside your head.
Anomalisa has more heart, soul and pathos than 99.9 per cent of live-action movies.
Moments of grace and freshness make the film a rewarding experience. [Full review in Spanish]
An extremely human story that doesn't need humans to be told. [Full review in Spanish]
Anomalis is Kaufman's most heartbreaking film ever. [Full review in Spanish]
Charmingly odd and disarmingly funny.
Achingly melancholic and philosophically ambitious, Anomalisa moulds reality into something genuinely magical.
Anomalisa is an honest, melancholic movie that resonates deeply with its compliments of diversity. [Full Review in Spanish]
A film with a relatively simple plot but extremely interesting for its subject and explicit scenes, for those who want to see a different animated film superbly executed. [Full review in Spanish]
It's not often a film so radically different comes our way, and for the adventurous cinemagoer, Anomalisa is unhesitatingly recommended.
The film refuses to settle on one interpretation, instead opening up a space for larger philosophical questions.
Anomalisa works far better than Synecdoche, as its mysteries feel less forced and more movingly mind-bending.
Michael's hunger for human interaction is the cavity at the heart of the film, colouring it in shades of grey. Should we feel sympathy for this character, or hold him in contempt?
Anomalisa is an existentialist discourse about time, longings, frustrations, setbacks and disappointments. [Full Review in Spanish]
Anomalisa is a surreal, haunting wonder. And, at the same time, distressing. [Full Review in Spanish]
Disturbing and beautiful at once. [Full Review in Spanish]
It's a simple story on paper but Anomalisa is a great conversation generator. I'm still reflecting on its style and themes.
Kaufman and Johnson's film is a heart-stopping masterpiece of emotional malaise and disconnection, vividly surreal and achingly real at the same time.
We stay ruminating on the idea of the possibility of being happy... even if we only remember a punch. [Full Review in Spanish]
Charlie Kaufmans debut as stop motion director is a surprising experience of synesthesia to watch through the sounds. [Full Review in spanish]
There is so much going on in these animated characters' lives; enough to let you sink into Kaufman's world, enough even to make you fear you won't be able to climb out again.
The cure for not feeling depressed enough.
Charlie Kaufman is one of those filmmakers who break schemes and imposes new ways to tell already exploited plots, in a avant-garde fashion way, challenging and very original. [Full Review in Spanish]
Anomalisa has its ancestors and, on account of its power and innovative designs, will have it descendants. But never forget: This was one in a million.
Superficially simple, Anomalisa is actually a thoroughly complex web of human experience, recognisably real, even though the characters are 30 cm tall stop motion puppets
Everything moves in small, sleepy slices like that, but the film remains rife with tension -- mostly between Michael's ears.
The actor's voices carry the film, and you don't even have to look at the screen to hear what is going on.
Life, silly and hopeful, overflows from her, where no life had seemed possible. I'd recommend that you go enjoy it-which is more, sad to say, than Michael Stone can do.
It's not that it doesn't resonate; it's that it resonates with an experience of love so pathetic it might not merit a meticulously rendered 90-minute movie.
While the film has an even and perhaps slow pace, it skips from incident to incident so precisely that I was hanging on each of its movements as though it were an action thriller ... Kaufman's script may be some sort of wonderwork.
Kaufman's inventiveness may be the differential in his filmography, but his humanity is certainly what makes it essential. [Full review in Portuguese.]
Charlie Kaufman's animated feature is one of his best films yet, a haunting fable about the illusion of love.
a stew of potentially interesting ideas brought to life with amazing artistry that can't quite hide its hollow core
A bittersweet, moving and dark comedy about how people in big cities have a hard time connecting with each other. [Full review in Spanish]
... another odd, affecting scenario by Kaufman, the brain salad surgeon who previously took viewers inside John Malkovich's head and Jim Carrey's spotless mind. Anomalisa is Kaufman at his most strangely mundane.
Anomalisa is snide filmmaking. Ersatz creativity. It reeks of therapy.
Plumbs the uncanny valley to thrilling effect...
This may not match the acerbic brilliance of the Kaufman-scripted gems Being John Malkovich and Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, but it should prove to be right up the alley of anyone looking for something different in their moviegoing diet.
A gimmicky, strange love story that is hauntingly told but never quite caught my fancy.
Beyond its technical feats, the movie's most impressive triumph is how greatly Kaufman, Johnson and Leigh move audiences to care about Lisa.
'Anomalisa' is an unhappy movie and that air of desperation envelops and squeezes you like a python.
...you might find some utility at a cocktail party discussing the finer points of puppet eroticism.
Kaufman's script stings with uncomfortable truths, but doesn't do much else. Kaufman's medium has changed but his message is still the same.
Its bizarreness will grab from the get-go. Ready yourself for filmed eccentricity, ladies and gentlemen.
It shouldn't work. It shouldn't move us so. But it does.
Strange, fascinating and instructive.
To enjoy this film's rewards you'll need to be patient.
This is easily the hardest Kaufman film to love, but it gets under your skin, and you'll never guess where it's going...
Stone's just a self-centered, unaware bore. He doesn't merit attention from the kindly, cheerful, anxious Lisa - or from us.
Anomalisa addresses painful adult issues and presents uncomfortably honest situations in a way few animated movies have before.
Instead of finding the sublime in the mundane, Anomalisa turns out to just be mundane.
This may sound like a work of novelty animation or perhaps a novella of an idea for Kaufman. But here is an acridly funny, achingly resonant and meticulously constructed film about emotional insecurity, delusional envy and the myopia of loneliness.
"A smartly realized and decidedly unforgettable study in the human condition, and one one of the more insightful films to hit screens in the past year."
Equal parts daring and dull, thought-provoking and shallow, cryptic and all-too-obvious
Anomalisa is perfection, every "error" you see on screen is there to make us go deeper into the crisis of its protagonist. [Full review in Spanish]
A deceptively simple stop-action movie that packs a fantastic punch.
What drives the film is a scowling suspicion that modern man is a mechanized being, created as if on an assembly line, and stripped bare of individuality-a product, like any other merchandise.
They show us bad hotel sex after too much drinking. It's the most classic of pedestrian sins, but the duo captures it so realistically, that we can only stare and wonder: Do we all look this pathetic in god's eyes?
It's the story itself - hopeful, mournful, and sadly relatable - that will pierce your soul right in the gut.
A very fine portrait of the despair at the heart of a comfortable middle-aged white man in America circa right about now.
The stop-motion powering Anomalisa is distracting and artificial ... until it isn't. Then, it's breathtaking.
Whether Michael Stone has really turned a corner in his life, or merely enjoyed a brief distraction from all that troubles him, is left unresolved at Anomalisa's conclusion, but this much is certain: The audience won't soon forget what it has experienced.
This movie's depressive brilliance remains a closed book to me, but it is nevertheless remarkable in many ways.
Anomalisa is lemon-sucking sour, but there are enough gimmicks-and enough lacerating humor-to make the film memorable.
Anomalisa gently rolls over you like a wave, enveloping you into its world and staying with you long after.
Kaufman, the mind behind "Being John Malkovich" and "Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind," possesses an artistic sensibility unlike any other filmmaker working today. That sensibility informs every word and frame of "Anomalisa" ...
With spot-on vocal performances from Thewlis, Leigh and Tom Noonan, the film is nothing less than mesmerizing - and must viewing for serious cinephiles.
Anomalisa's great ingenuity is in how it imagines Michael's carbon-copied perception of the world.
Yes, it often feels like a stunt to cover a story of white-dude navel-gaze. But now and then, something beautiful happens, and you are left wondering how Kaufman pulled it off.
The prevailing mood in Anomalisa is a surreal otherness, the result of the intricate stop-motion animation, which is beautiful but not so polished to pass for Pixar.
Very few movies exert the emotional tug and pain of Anomalisa. It's almost a relief that the whole thing is done with puppets. Otherwise, it might be unbearable.
Anomalisa offers evidence that animated films are not necessarily the sole province of children. In fact, this one isn't even designed for all adults.
Like so much of the writer's work, a rather sophomoric attempt at profundity dressed up in existential angst.
Yet another midlife-crisis white guy on the big screen...but it's undeniably an artful rendering of the post-millennial man adrift, in search of any port than the one he's made for himself.
Celebrated screenwriter Charlie Kaufman has fashioned this existential crisis as a dark, bizarre stop-motion animated movie, and while it's extraordinary in many ways, it's clearly not for kids.
...Anomalisa is a successfully riveting film, an odd mix of screw ball humor and painful self-reflective drama that isn't afraid to point out the best and worst in people.
The movie's key distinction is its lovely depiction of the mystery of attraction.
Absurdist, surreal, supercilious meditation on our increasingly prevalent social isolation...
Anomalisa takes a small story about one man spending one night in Cincinnati and through it opens our eyes to the choices we make in life.
This film is something different, and beautiful, and achingly sad.
Somehow the animation really does nothing for this story that live actors could not. The characters may be made out of plastic, but they remain wooden.
If Anomalisa fails, it's because it Michael can't quite bring himself to relate to anyone else on earth.
Whatever Anomalisa is might be just out of reach, but it is something all right.
It's as if the film was designed to appeal to both my inner child and my inner snob. Both were left feeling disappointed.
The work is so good that you soon forget you're watching puppets, although some related graphic nudity as well as a hard-R rated sex scene will bring you back to reality. (Full Content Review for Parents - Sex, Nudity, Profanity, etc. - Available)
Our own connection to these characters, as artificial as they appear, or, perhaps because of the oddness of their artificiality, is surprisingly warm and intimate.
Anomalisa may be too idiosyncratic for some to deal with; it can be as exhilarating as it can be uncomfortable.
It takes a few minutes to catch on, and it would be indiscrete to specify what it is, but once you figure out what's really strange about it you have entered the solipsistic prison of a tormented mind.
Watching it may make you anxious from start to finish, but that's exactly what it means to do. In an age of endemic anxiety, this peerlessly weird little film finds a new look-and a new sound-for feeling bad.
Anomalisa is a far more human story than most films I've seen with actual humans in them.
I have seen Charlie Kaufman's stop-motion, animated drama "Anomalisa" twice, and both times the sheer technical skill of this motion picture burst my eyeballs.
It is a pinpoint-accurate encapsulation of some of the most banal AND some of the most exhilarating moments virtually all of us have experienced at some point in our lives.
This second theatrical feature is tightly focused, its only windows those that open onto the mind.
Is it possible to be enthralled and depressed at the same time?
Need proof that animation can not only equal live-action filmmaking but beat the flesh-and-blood version at its own game? Try Anomalisa, as haunting and hypnotic an R-rated love story for grownups as you'll see anywhere.
An amazing work with crossover appeal as adult drama, melancholy csomedy and unexpected stop-motion animation.
It's fair to say that "Anomalisa" is unlike any movie you've ever seen, which is something fair to say about pretty much any movie Charlie Kaufman is involved in.
There's a special place in movie heaven for Charlie Kaufman.
"Anomalisa" finds an adult story that could only have been effectively achieved through animation, and then realizes it with precision, sensitivity and shocking humor.
A dizzyingly intelligent and mature existential comedy that turns seemingly unavoidable on-screen discussion points into something enlightening and vital.
These are the most tired-looking puppets you've ever seen, their sagging bodies and droopy eyes betraying two lifetimes of disappointment and lowered expectations.
The combination of simplicity and intricacy make the strange, thrilling Anomalisa discernibly a Charlie Kaufman object, as refined as his directorial debut, Synecdoche, New York was sprawling.
It takes dedication and probably more patience than necessary to stay with the go-nowhere story and not, as Tom should ave done, just give up and check out.
Against the competition for all the coveted year end awards in the animation category, "Anomalisa" stands out.
This is a profoundly sad tale of emptiness, loneliness and longing. A man on a business trip meets and old love, has a one night stand, has a terrible nightmare, then goes home to his family, where his home life is a lot like that nightmare.
...a testament to boundless creativity and endlessly fascinating humanity.
Anomalisa tears past the artifice to tell one heartbreakingly human story.
The story doesn't willfully hide details from the viewer, but it does evolve in surprising ways. Even after two viewings, I can't settle on a single thesis. That's probably what makes it valuable.
The wonder, the astonishment, is that these puppets are invested with a full range of human emotion.
The evident work that went into rendering the details of every banal gesture complements the material, for crabbed Michael is a man for whom every piece of common courtesy is an agonizing chore.
It's certainly an intriguing effort, but rarely does it become a profound one.
Beautiful, deep, cerebral and poetic.
Whatever combination of practical effects and digital wizardry went into the technique that gave rise to Anomalisa's otherworldly yet very human narrative universe, I hope it will be used to tell more stories, perhaps by this same storyteller.
Anomalisa finds the sublime and the tragic and the overwhelming in the everyday. I can't stop thinking about it.
Anomalisa, in common with virtually every film Kaufman has written, struggles to make peace with the knowledge that we are all fundamentally alone.
What feels like a rambling and self-indulgent psychotherapy session one minute seems innovative and profound the next - the type of existential potpourri that might be difficult to embrace but is impossible to dismiss.
What's fascinating is how the things that make the film different are the very things that make it emotionally engaging.
...not only the best animation of 2015, it is one of the best movies of the year.
...as with the greatest works of art, Kaufman's film transcends its depressive trappings and becomes genuinely enlivening in its clear-eyed vision...
Like all of Kaufman's stories, it has the wonderfully weird pull of feeling like something we've never seen before - while telling us a story we know all too painfully well.
Anomalisa embodies what we've come to expect from Kaufman: a venture into the strange while somehow staying grounded in reality. Just like life.
It's Chekhovian screwball, a perfect little tale of love (or thereabouts) in bloom among the weeds of an ordinary life. It feels like a classic already.
While "Anomalisa" is filled with uncomfortably, at times sourly humorous moments, it's also a horror movie about the agonizing, banal surrealism of everyday life.
Whether you leave the film ecstatically impressed, indifferent or disappointed, you will know you've seen something unique. Too many movies speak in a boringly typical storytelling voice.
There's so much in this film that you probably need to see it more than once to digest it all. And believe me, you'll want to.
There's something strange and dreamlike and delicate and beautiful about "Anomalisa," an animated film for grown-ups that takes a long while to make its point, but does so with a dark brilliance.
It's the saddest movie of Charlie Kaufman's career. Perhaps the only thing he could do next is something truly and weirdly happy.
It is the "Gone with the Wind" of Existentialist puppet movies.
Once you start reckoning with Anomalisa's obsession with self-absorption, the novelty of this one-man pity party begins to wear off. A little puppet pain goes a long way.
'Anomalisa' can't generate enough interest in its depressed protagonist to make us care about its possible love story.
Anomalisa is a staggeringly inventive Trojan horse of a film. It dazzles our senses with a shock of the new.
An exploration of loneliness and love, in as heartrending and heartfelt a way as the bizarrely brilliant mind of Charlie Kaufman can offer.
This darkly comic journey by Charlie Kaufman and Duke Johnson pushes and exceeds the usual boundaries of stop-motion animation.
A sophisticated and insightful animated adventure strictly for adults.
Every time Charlie Kaufman writes and/or directs a new picture, it is cause for celebration. "Anomalisa" may be his most technically auspicious yet, an aching, dreamy, R-rated stop-motion animated drama defying easy description.
Anomalisa's highpoint is one of the most remarkably moving sex scenes in all of American cinema, and the irony of it involving bland puppets is hardly lost on Kaufman and Johnson.
Vivid and creative view of the harm, loneliness, and pain brought into the world by mental illness.
[VIDEO ESSAY] Although Kaufman rushes the film's ending (budgetary constraints perhaps?), he delivers an exquisite romantic interaction between two imperfect people.
Kaufman's allegorical universes are very pointed and focused - every metaphor is clear, every departure from reality connected to a specific neurosis.
Even after proving himself an unqualified genius time and time again, every new success from Kaufman lands with the emotional weight of the very first time.
Kaufman has created a more intimate film here, while maintaining the philosophical headiness and intellectual rigor of his previous work.
ANOMALISA is a thoughtful and distinctively original film. We've all seen a man going through a midlife crisis before, but never like this.
Without a doubt, this is the work of one of today's entertainment brightest minds. A rare movie you can't miss. [Full review in Spanish]
"Anomalisa" is an astounding achievement on every level. Exquisite and ravishing animation is on full display, using divine, subtle tones of color to capture the mood of a world all too distant but so uncomfortably close.
A tragedy with a big dose of dark humor and the sillyiest slapstick, but really quite effective due to the way it's presented. [Full review in Spanish]
The animated film of the year isn't a Pixar pixelfest or a kiddie product pusher, but a deep dive into the soul of a selfish narcissist lost in his own inescapable misery.
Anomalisa shows really well how it feels to be alone and to feel an emptiness that's hard to fill, it deals with themes that can be hard to deal with sometimes. [Full review in Spanish]
Pure Kaufman: Extremely weird and offbeat, but also touching and sort of brilliant.
Singular and stunning ...
A film that follows the Kaufman style on lonely characters and not so happy worlds. [Full review in Spanish]
The pain in Anomalisa is tactile. Its loneliness is immense.
It's hard to know yet whether Anomalisa is a new peak for Kaufman, or merely another highlight in a distinguished career. But what is clear is that it's piercingly poignant -- perhaps his most succinct expression of the malaise forever haunting his work.
Kaufman - and Johnson's - real triumph in Anomalisa comes in the smaller gestures and human moments.
Most remarkable is how a movie with such weighty themes can also be so much fun.
The story is about the novelty of novelty, and one thing that's thematically consistent is how one is lulled into forgetting for spates of time that these are objects being handled.
Kaufman and co-director Duke Johnson have crafted an animated aesthetic that hinges between Michael's subjectivity and a somber realism. They create a world that consistently reflects our own but with subtle quirks...
Anomalisa is another remarkable work from Charlie Kaufman, who once again offers us a look inside his mind so that we might better understand our own.
A daring examination of individuality and the human need to connect.
Anomalisa, a stop-motion picture co-directed by award-winning writer and director Charlie Kaufman and Duke Johnson, is a masterpiece, but the less you know about it the better.
Kaufman is taking our brains apart and showing us the gears.
Anomalisa represents Kickstarter culture at its most exciting and adventurous; it's a cult oddity that has absolutely no place in commercial culture, but got summoned into existence anyway.
With Anomalisa, Kaufman makes the case for a kinder and gentler treatment, and he might be on to something. The unflinching realization that we are all alone in this indifferent world has never hurt quite so good.
A beautiful, inspiring tragedy about the fleeting but all-consuming nature of attraction. Probably Kaufman's best since 'Eternal Sunshine.'
A stop-motion masterpiece.
[T]here's something genuinely uncanny about the puppets in this extraordinary feature...a film that manages at once to be moving, horribly funny and deeply disturbing.
A stunning, seriously intelligent film about the existential - Kaufman's Kickstarter backed stop motion film is a triumph.
Charlie Kaufman is back -- with a wistful, resonant film, a bracing, wry, honest dose of cinematic melancholy.
This extraordinary stop-motion animation, written by Charlie Kaufman and co-directed by Kaufman and Duke Johnson, is as achingly funny as it is deeply, voluptuously sad.
Anomalisa is a frequently hilarious inquiry into solipsistic challenges.
It's what you imagine might have happened if Charlie Kaufman had got his hands on Up in the Air or Lost in Translation.
The animation allows Kaufman to play with reality in ways that would be more distracting in live-action. It's consistent in tone with the reality-bending of his live-action films, so it's just the next level of manipulating cinematic language.
Kaufman and Johnson create a vivid, dismally relatable world here, both droll and dreary, but fascinating precisely because of its numbing banality.
Charlie Kaufman teams with stop-motion wiz Duke Johnson to bring his conceptual stageplay to life, resulting in another uniquely cerebral yet satisfying bout of self-analysis.
Life is lonely and cold, it says, leavened only briefly, if you're lucky. Happiness is transient. Love an anomaly. We're lucky such art as this is not.
Charlie Kaufman is back. It's good to hear his voice.
The delightfully downcast and sometimes masterful "Anomalisa" proves there is more than one way to skin a similar cat, and the unbearable darkness of being can still radiate glimmers of beauty.

@highlight

Anomalisa marks another brilliant and utterly distinctive highlight in Charlie Kaufman's filmography, and a thought-provoking treat for fans of introspective cinema.