Kids will undoubtedly want to check out these new improved Turtles . . . and a lot of parents will probably be glad to have, uh, shelled out the extra bucks to relive their own childhoods alongside them.
Whenever the amphibians are in action, the film finds a rhythm that mixes punk graphic cool and merch-friendly visuals.
Almost every good scene in TMNT is an action sequence and a lot of time and thought has been put into them. So much in fact that none seems to have been spared for the story or any of the other characters.
The characters were no longer constrained by rubber suits or the laws of physics.
The plot's all over the place, but director Kevin Munroe keeps it at a hare's pace. The sharp graphics impress too. It's nothing to cow about, but it does, more or less, fill its shell.
The strongest ingredient remains the four reptiles' incorrigible charm, which easily outclasses a muddled storyline and concessions to the prepubescent male audience.
This mediocre computer-generated action flick is packed full of monsters and sword-fights, but the story-telling is about as deft as a turtle turned on its back, struggling to get up but going nowhere fast.
It won't convert the unfaithful but this messy, energetic action adventure is lurid fun, and may well re-ignite the popularity of the heroes in a half-shell.
It was a great decision to animate this feature film. The great decisions end there. Unfortunately, TMNT doesn't spend nearly enough time having fun.
Ageing fans of the originals with lowered expectations will have an okay-ish time.
Turtle power returns in routine kiddie adventure.
It's never, ever a good thing when the first trouble sign of a bad story comes in the opening scene.
If none of this sounds particularly new or inventive, that's because it isn't. Darwin never said 'Cowabunga,' but he did know you evolve or you die.
Cool CGI represents a substantial improvement over their earlier incarnations' relatively lame action sequences.
Cowabungled.
Maybe if I were ten years old I would have enjoyed the film more.
TMNT has enough to keep the eyes popping.
Great animation, good voice work, and an entertaining story make it a revival worth watching again and again...
When the children rejoice at being able to leave, there is a problem.
A cynical and disgusting exercise in merchandising exploitation
Sua animação sofisticada acaba compensando parcialmente (seus) defeitos, resultando num longa falho, mas que tem seus atrativos.
TMNT amounts to no more than an extended episode of a television cartoon, but this new adventure gets in enough laughs and action to make it worth fans coming out with their shells on to see it.
...while the visuals are terrific, the plot is a distracting clunker that feels like it was written one line at a time by a bunch of overexcited fan-board commentators playing a round-robin storytelling game.
Never strays too far from its inner turtle.
The Turtles themselves are still a treat and they overcome many of the story's deficiencies.
Unfortunately, many of the older crowd will remember the heroes in half-shell and their mentor Splinter moreso than today's younger crowd, and sadly this is a movie that said old fans will not be happy with.
A real downer of a comic book movie.
TMNT might just be the Turtle's best adventure yet.
Though they are still identifiable by their color-coordinated masks and penchant for pizza, their character distinctions are harder to perceive in this revival.
A grasping attempt at resurrecting a money-spinning franchise, the film is saved only by mightily impressive CGI effects, computer wizardry that favours spectacle over clarity of narrative.
A passable brand rebooting exercise that will impress younger kids even if it doesn't satisfy older fans.
What remains is intensely numbing action scenes, poor plot machinations and joyless character sketches all rendered in exquisitely cold CGI.
Words cannot easily express how profoundly unrewarding it is to revisit the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
Children may well like it, but they deserve better.
Younger viewers might be able to make sense its overly-complex plot - but I fear that everyone else, alas, will soon be suffering from a case of shell shock.
just a quickie piece of disposable entertainment aimed squarely at the kiddies and the money in daddy's wallet.
The Turtles are back -- and as they say, new and improved.
It's good for kids and existing Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles fans. The movie will please those who it was meant to please.
It's so much fun that we forget that it's actually about something as ridiculous as crimefighting, sword-wielding turtles.
Kevin Munroe hasn't done a half-bad job bringing the Turtles into the new century
The long-delayed return of our Heroes in a Half Shell is big on style but low in substance.
I guess if you read the comic strip and you played the video games and you watched the TV show and dug the earlier movies, you'll dig this new version. For me, I didn't do any of that stuff.
Too bad some of the voice actors, like Sarah Michelle Gellar and Ziyi Zhang, couldn't be onscreen; a Crouching Tiger/Buffy showdown would be tastier than this bland Turtle soup.
The voice cast is fine, the animation is professionally done, and the script is relatively intelligent.
Perhaps it's time these teenage mutant ninja turtles followed their own code: to strike hard and fade away into the night...for good.
TMNT is as good a movie about teenage mutant ninja turtles as there can possibly be.
The story moves quickly and the moral of teamwork and family is achieved without it hitting you over the head.
Works better, looks smarter, and packs in more realistic drama than many of its live-action genre counterparts.
Looks good, with its overly cartoonish characters and grungy depiction of NYC, but it's hollow to the core.
The script is fast and funny. The action is full of zip. Highlights include a thrilling martial arts fight on a rooftop in teeming rain, and the massive pink tornedo-like whirlwind that opens a portal to another dimension, is also impressive.
Munroe's TMNT fails to properly ignite this glorified video game into the pop cultural diversion it was during the very first Bush administration.
A film that looks like a too-long episode of a Saturday morning cartoon with a health CGI budget.
I don't care about immortals and monsters and their portals to another dimension. I do care about Leonardo being alone, Raphael being impatient and the heroes being ill-equipped to handle a new threat.
Clearly we're not talking Shakespeare here, but taken at face value, the new-fangled TMNT is quite a lot better than what I'd expected.
Shedding the confines of the original 1990s live-action versions, the new TMNT runs free with crisp, malleable animation and kick-ass action.
It takes more than an awkward title attempting to sound cool to overcome its mundane plot and silly dialogue.
The film suffers from serious animation overkill: too much high-octane action, too many combatants, not enough of the hand-to-hand combat that made the Turtles unique in the first place.
Worst of all is the lack of genuine laughs. Writer-director Kevin Munroe has apparently forgotten that the Ninja Turtle phenomenon started as rib-nudging parody.
Everything should look familiar to longtime turtles fans -- their underground sanctuary, complete with video games; the rooftops where the heroes convene at night, surveying the city. But it all looks and feels reconceived, refreshingly so.
TMNT offers some real thrills. The computer animation gives the turtles relatively believable expressions, movements, musculature and (green) skin tones.
There's an attention to detail in the visuals and sound design that pushes it up several notches above most kiddie fare. It's not art, dude, but it will do.
The turtles' perpetual wisecracks are as forced and overdone as the notorious Mr. Freeze puns of Batman and Robin, but I probably would have loved this movie unconditionally when I was 10.
There are endless scenes in which the turtles sit around discussing their feelings. All the talk of anger management and sibling rivalry is sure to test the attention spans of viewers in every age group.
Time stands still during the many feeble jokes; the Turtles comic book came out in 1984, the last year you could get a laugh just by ending a sentence with the word 'dude.'
These characters don't feel like the turtles of old; there's not enough excitement to reinvent the franchise, and just barely enough to revive it.
The predictable story and hackneyed dialogue -- the interplay between April and Casey is particularly bad -- get in the way of the movie's slick and sleek visual style.
Despite the doll-like cartoonishness of the human figures (O Pixar, what hast thou wrought?), the filmmakers seem to expect us to take this animated romp seriously. Too seriously.
The action is breakneck and practically uninterrupted. We're talking a young boy's dream come true.
Who knows? Maybe die-hard fans will enjoy the mocking Turtle banter even as the plot announces itself from a New York City block away. But 'LAUGH' signs would sure help when the jokes fall flat.
Clunker that's too violent for younger children, too silly for older kids and too lame for words.
Completely pointless. Didn't three features in the early 1990s and countless cartoon incarnations take these crime-fighting critters as far as they could go?
The animated fight scenes are both beautiful and realistic. You forget you're watching a computer-animated feature. In a film about ninja turtles, you couldn't really ask for anything more. Other than perhaps a sequel, that is.
Plays it safe for family audiences who will respond to the themes of brotherhood and better tolerate the rather silly storyline.
TMNT is a junk-food pastry. The plot is the wrapper. The action is the oily sponge cake. And the message -- family, family, family -- is the processed cream filling.
The turtles themselves may look prettier, but are no smarter; torn irreparably from their countercultural roots, our superheroes on the half shell have been firmly co-opted by the industry their creators once sought to spoof.
really nothing more than an overblown Saturday morning cartoon, but it didn't need to be anything more than that. The turtles rocked, and I had a blast.
Despite nonstop mayhem, even the Turtles' most loyal fans probably will be squirming in their booster seats.
The turtles themselves occasionally look like they're made out of plasticine, but hey it's way better than watching four grown men prance about in rubber shell suits...
The 'Superman Returns' of kiddie action fare, this isn't a franchise redo but a years-later, surprisingly downbeat sequel...
It's not exactly Renaissance art, but it is an honourable attempt to revive the turtle-tastic franchise.
Unfortunately, while the technology used to bring these fearless crime-fighting faves to the screen has grown-up, the producers forgot to mature the script.
If more effort had been taken to smooth over TMNT's rough edges, this could have been a great movie. As it stands, there's just enough to keep littluns and hardcore fans of the 'phibian foursome amused.
The 400 or so young kids and their parents I saw it with on a recent Sunday afternoon seemed generally underwhelmed. And I'm right there with them.
[T]akes it all so darn seriously that you can't even lose yourself in its goofiness...
I concede that it won't kill you, even if it feels like watching someone else play a decade-old video game.
Might have some momentary curiosity value, like eating a sugary cereal you haven't had since third grade. Unfortunately, the movie isn't witty or imaginative or even particularly exciting, and the flat, grungy-looking animation is barely up to video-game.
...a kid's action cartoon that will thrill its young fans, and leave grown ups looking for the exits.
Leave your memories of the old version of TMNT at home or you just might be dissatisfied too.
It doesn't need a review, it just needs a marquee so its audience will find it and get to the business of forgetting about it.
The movie works despite its well-designed but boringly realized bad guy, a real testament to the well-defined, decently written characters of the Turtles themselves.
Although it may not win points for total originality, TMNT makes good use of proven techniques.
The preteen fanboy in me kept searching for something truly exciting in this movie, but, sadly, the critic in me knew that it wasn't there.
300 for kindergarteners.
The real power in the TMNT stories is the transformation, but in this movie that's all in the past, and it is difficult to get much satisfaction from the comeback premise or the attempts to create some sibling rivalry. It's more video game than story.
This is no mythic rebirth like Batman Begins or Superman Returns, simply another generically smart-alecky chapter directed with a visual style attuned to speed.
It has a dreadful Ghostbusters-Stargate plot, virtually no decent jokes, but toss in a little digital skateboarding, a lot of digital swordfighting (gunplay, too), a couple of 'Cowabungas,' and you've got yourself a hit. They hope.
It's a delight to report that the return of the brawlin' reptiles lives up to and surpasses even the most potent expectations.
The unexpectedly rich art direction gives the violence more impact than was ever possible in the TV series.
What's lacking, except in too-quick flashes, are some of the subtler spices -- wit, self-mockery -- strewn through this franchise in all its various formats.
The story's nothing special, but the movie is vigorously directed, with a camera that moves at a decidedly un-turtle-like pace. And the animation is unusually handsome.
Now and then one character accuses another of glorifying violence, 'that brute vigilante junk.' Talk about hypocrisy: Without the brute vigilante junk, this 82-minute picture would be approximately 2 minutes long.
Strictly generic junk that could very well deaden the brain cells of children everywhere.
Nostalgia aside, original fans have outgrown this, and what newcomers will discover is stale and--not unlike a turtle--puny and unable to get off its back.
As a piece of film design, the movie is first-rate; on sheer aesthetics alone, it rivals Triumph of the Will for astonishments.
Some turtles live a very long time, but on the evidence of this bewilderingly complex but curiously pedestrian movie, the teenage mutant ninja variety has passed its prime.
...a burly, brawny redo, like a kiddie cartoon on CGI steroids. (Isn't TMNT what Barry Bonds was accused of using?)
TMNT is a fun, action-filled adventure that will satisfy longtime fans and generate a legion of new ones.
This all-CG reboot is missing the goofy excitement of the old TMNT.
Unlikely to achieve BFF status with the MMORPG set, this CGI feature is light on the LOL factor, heavy on the ADD action scenes, and, like, TOOIFM (Totally Out Of Its Freakin' Mind).
The script feels like it was computer generated. This very mechanical presentation lacks the wonderfully cheesy charm of the three live action films.
Ultimately, the movie seems driven more by the need to keep a toy line and franchise alive than any creative inspiration.
Ditching the cheeky, self-aware wink that helped to excuse the concept's inherent corniness, the movie attempts to look polished and 'cool,' but the been-there animation can't compete with the then-cutting-edge puppetry of the 1990 live-action movie.
A throughline of organized violence permeates "TMNT" as a baby step toward preparing youngsters to become soldiers in America's never-ending war on humanity.
The striking use of image and motion allows each of its action sequences to leave an impression. It's an accomplished, unpretentious restart to this franchise.
The rubber suits are gone and they've been redone with fancy computer generated technology, but that hasn't stopped them from becoming, well, dull.
Impersonally animated and arbitrarily plotted, the story appears to have been made up as the filmmakers went along.

@highlight

TMNT's art direction is splendid, but the plot is non-existent and the dialogue lacks the irony and goofy wit of the earlier TMNT movies.