Selma is worth the price of admission. The real gift of this film is reflection as well as hope that the new generations do not repeat history. [Full Review in Spanish]
The film... assumes such vast prior knowledge of the civil rights movement that only a fraction of the audience will understand it. I scrambled to keep up, not helped by a cast of thousands and by Ava DuVernay's clumsy and flabby direction.
Selma is not just a chronicle of historical developments; it aims to do more than just involve us in King's fight and move us as it unfolds. The film is very frequently moving, but it has higher, more intelligent goals than that.
... its relevance grows in times when tempers are easily exasperated and the use of violence is privileged. Here it is, I insist, the best of Selma. [Full review in Spanish]
A racially and politically charged biopic full of vivid violent imagery that is sure to haunt viewers, and an emotionally gripping performance from David Oyelowo as the spiritual civil rights movement leader
Selma gives back to the Civil Rights movement its urgent and motivating anger, when too often the movement has been misrepresented as a cause of infinitely patient, infinitely forbearing martyrs.
So, is Selma the film I wanted? No. Is is a good film? Yes, but it's not great.
Selma forces a kind of reckoning for its viewer. At these moments, you won't be able to look away. And you shouldn't.
Selma has the intimacy of a chamber piece, but not much sense of the mass character of the Selma protests, of the thousands of arrests that had been made even before King got to town.
This story is powerful and inspiring stuff. The skill used to tell it should be witnessed by all.
Selma is a vital, brutal, and inspiring film.
[Selma] shows well the heartbreaking personal sacrifices made by those who wanted to be free, to be free at last, to cast their vote to effect change.
As protests continue to erupt, it becomes ever more apparent that we need models of effective change. Selma fits that bill stirringly.
One of the biggest triumphs of director DuVernay's Selma is how she reverses that erasure: Her film, which centers on the march Martin Luther King Jr. led in 1964, has women in nearly every frame.
A monumental achievement.
It's all highly measured and tasteful, a rare thing when cinema and sacred cows meet.
The timeliness of the picture, coupled with the immediacy of the filmmaking, renders 'Selma' more powerful than even its skilled creators could've possibly intended.
Sacha Baron Cohen at Harvard, as character Ali G: 'Some of you has probably never even seen a black man before, like that great civil rights leader, Martin Luther Vandross...'
Selma isn't a discrete story of one moment in time that we can observe safely from the sidelines. It is all around us, every day.
It's the quieter moments where Oyelowo really excels.
By avoiding this film being a straight bio-pic or relationship drama, DuVernay has created a historical and political drama that resonates today.
Oyelowo is the real deal, monumental in a film that isn't, muscling a middling historical drama into something absolutely worth seeing.
... about the cost and the stakes of movement. Oyelowo plays King with grace and dignity, but he's always aware of what people are putting on the line.
There are sections in Selma that I treasure.
Taken as a whole, it's a deeply affecting, incendiary film and the most focused, accomplished biopic in a year of numerous offerings.
Ultimately, what makes DuVernay's movie so good and necessary is that it actually lets us see the arc of the moral universe bending -- being bent, by human will -- toward justice.
This isn't just one of the best movies of 2014. It's the most relevant and certainly the most important.
The feeling that the victories of 1965 can be viewed through our 2015 eyes as unfulfilled promises gives Selma its present-day juice.
By taking us inside King's inner circle, we discover how courage, conviction and political savvy bring about change.
The result is a compellingly flesh-and-blood depiction of King; an absorbingly sophisticated account of his brand of non-violent activism.
Most importantly, though, Selma reminds us where the violence started - with the insidious, everyday practice of denying African Americans their legal right to vote.
Director Ava DuVernay has given us Selma, a docudrama about a pivotal campaign in the fight for civil rights for black Americans. You could say this film writes history not so much with lightning as with compassion.
Selma is an interesting and engaging glimpse of the civil rights movement at one of its most powerful moments. It won't be the civil rights movie to define all civil rights movies, but it carries a worthwhile message.
This rousing, passionate civil rights drama is exquisitely timed, a quality that's just as important and elusive as greatness.
Unforgettable. [full review in Spanish]
A powerful examination of one of the key moments of the Civil Rights movement and the man who sacrificed made it possible.
A treasure trove of outstanding performances, brilliant writing and heartfelt direction.
The breadth of the film's scope is impressive, as it manages to sketch in the enormity and diversity of the movement without being spread too thin.
With inspired performances and an even more inspiring story, this film is more than just a fantastic biopic about a great man; it is also a call to action.
Selma achieves the rare accolade of being a powerful period piece with stark contemporary resonance.
Do not believe anyone trying to make "Selma" a factional thing, a liberal or conservative, black, white, or hashtag movie. It transcends all that. It is a great American story, well told, and nothing less.
Given the degree of difficulty of making such a film ring true in nearly all the right places, stands as a benchmark and is arguably the best film of 2014.
As emotionally and racially charged as the film's story is, director Ava DuVernay is determined to deliver a full-bodied, balanced drama that derives its power from the central fight for understanding and respect.
This electrifying film puts the tension, the fear, the courage, and the tragedy in perspective, and dramatizes it through the struggles of people, not rhetoric.
Skilfully directed by Ava DuVernay and featuring a wonderful leading performance from David Oyelowo, Selma pulls back the curtain on a riveting piece of U.S. history.
First rate.
The repeated references to nonviolence form an especially powerful theme, a reminder of what can be accomplished not through simply taking revenge, but by staying your hand.
With the events of Ferguson so fresh in our memories, Selma is uncomfortable yet necessary viewing.
A stirring moment for civil rights, and one of the year's best
For all its evasions, short cuts, and mismanaged ideas, Selma can't be dismissed. Its modest achievements engross.
DuVernay says she doesn't like typical historical dramas, and it shows.
In compact, economical form, DuVernay sets out her table: the juxtaposition of domestic intimacy and institutional violence; the tension between the personal and political; the vivid interplay between the historical and the contemporary.
It is artful, inspiring, perfectly cast and powerfully acted, beautifully shot, scored with sensitivity rather than sentimentality, efficiently edited, profoundly dignified.
Oyewolo brilliantly conveys [King's] incandescent gifts ... his shrewd tactical intelligence, blazing moral conviction and spellbinding rhetorical power.
The trivia fact that Selma and Salem are anagrams of each other is only relevant because as were the 17th witch hunts of Salem, the 20th century racist witch hunts of Selma were propelled by bigoted ignorance
It's a role of a lifetime for classically trained English actor David Oyelowo, whose distinguished performance ably embodies the physicality and essence of the pastor, humanitarian and human rights activist
An astonishing story, told with grace
A magnificent film, vital and alive, with the most profound sense of immediacy I think I've ever felt in a historical story.
One of the finest biopics in recent memory, this drama manages to present someone as iconic as Martin Luther King Jr. as a normal man anyone can aspire to emulate.
In some ways it's beyond criticism as the first-ever major movie about this heroic campaigner.
The famed American civil-rights leader Martin Luther King Jr has been strangely under-represented in the cinema. Ava DuVernay's excellent third film thankfully puts this continued omission right.
Selma is a rousing political drama, made with enough verve and passion never merely to seem didactic. Its near complete absence from this year's Oscar nominations is baffling and suggests a double standard.
In Selma, British actor David Oyelowo subtly transmogrifies himself into Martin Luther King Jr, displaying intelligent self-doubt, not flash political pomp.
Oyelowo is sensational in Selma. He makes you believe, body and soul, heart and mind, in his performance as Martin Luther King.
The overall sense of righteous, non-violent anger is palpable.
It's high time MLK got the big-screen platform he deserves. Thanks to Selma, justice has been done.
The film's old-fashioned emotional surge accentuates the absurdity of it taking half a century for Hollywood to properly address Martin Luther King's legacy.
Even before our ears catch the mention of Ferguson in the closing song, Selma has proved itself fiercely modern and aggressively cinematic.
Selma is always involving.
The film firmly centres on the intimate, reminiscent of Spielberg's Lincoln, where grandiosity is found in performance not pedestals.
In which the fight for black rights, instead of having a fiery and inspiring crackle, is like being hit over the head with a long, soggy sermonette.
Ava DuVernay's vital civil rights drama is the film Martin Luther King deserved.
A passionate movie, commanding and compelling, all about Martin Luther King and his civil rights march in 1965 from Selma, Alabama, to the state capital Montgomery.
It is beyond baffling why British actor David Oyelowo has not been nominated for either a BAFTA or an Oscar for his exceptional lead performance as Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. in new drama, Selma.
It is an invigorating movie, this Selma, with the characters and rhetoric providing much of the power.
While it takes sizable liberties with history to move us, it is at times genuinely stirring.
Incredibly powerful and often moving, anchored by an awards-worthy performance from Oyelowo.
This is a film as confident and assured in its moral fortitude, and as soaringly powerful in its oratory, as the great man himself.
A daunting challenge for any actor, Oyelowo rises to the task, in a film that eschews the traditional biopic approach.
The power of Ava DuVernay's astonishing film comes from its understanding of the limits of King's work as much as its celebration of his achievements.
[David Oyelowo] gives a huge, heartfelt performance (iniquitously ignored by the Academy) and he seems mindful, too, that the story is bigger than one man.
Selma's achievements defy those of regular films.
Selma is an almost impassable minefield of opportunities to make a bad film. Director Ava DuVernay danced through like Fred Astair.
...in many ways remarkable, one of the best conventional Hollywood movies to ever engage the seemingly intractable American problem of racial injustice.
Think of it as "Civil Rights for beginners."
It's a movie concerned with the march, and its most nimble work is in illuminating scenes rather than trying to explicate them.
...does not shy away from controversial elements of King's character.
Reminds that underneath the legend Martin Luther King was a pure Christian soul, who relied upon and used the Christian faith to battle injustice both on the streets and in the corridors of political power.
It is a moving and well-meaning film that never quite manages the greatness one expects, given its soaring subject material.
Captures a sense of events unfolding in the present tense, in a political and cultural climate as complex, multifaceted and undetermined as the times we live in.
Needless to say, Dr. King's message has never been more relevant.
A cinematic masterpiece, this feature may be small in scope but it's momentous in its ability to capture how complex and powerful the civil rights movement was.
"Selma presents a multidimensional portrayal of Dr. King, flaws and all, and it makes us wonder how far we've actually come today."
Succinctly demonstrates we've both come a long way and have a long way to go.
Selma manages to beautifully articulate a pivotal moment in history - one that is hauntingly ironic in how it echoes our current times and society.
One of the most powerful examples of sacrifice one will see in this century.
A blast of piercing social insight expressed through exquisite craftsmanship that makes it feel like art and not bald-faced messaging.
"Selma," on top of all of its many other virtues, is an inspiring movie about politics being done right.
What makes the film -- for any of its shortcomings -- such a vital work is how relevant its depiction of the events of 50 years ago are to today.
As the 50th anniversary of the events it depicts approaches, 'Selma' feels chillingly contemporary, all too real, and monumental in more ways than one.
It will be 50 years this August that Johnson signed the bill giving everyone the right to vote, but we are still struggling with many of these same issues today. How is that even possible?
"Selma" is a phenomenally stirring production that should be seen by everyone who believes in racial equality. And even more so by anyone who does not.
has the power to enrage and enlighten
At its best, the new movie about King cracks the civil rights leader and his associates from their plaster-saint cocoons.
More often than not ... "Selma" focuses on the one thing we don't expect in a movie about Martin Luther King Jr. - his doubts - and Oyelowo comes through with a deeply felt and quite brilliant performance.
Inspiring and impassioned, delivering Rev. Dr. King's reverberating message of perserverance.
Their camaraderie and the heated arguments capture the essence of the personalities and issues. . .in a large and impressive ensemble of African-American character actors.
...founded on a communal sense of historical accomplishment.
It's a movie, yes. But this stirring account of the fight to end racially motivated voting impediments in the Deep South is more than anything a much-needed wake-up call for a country that has seriously lost its way in terms of equality.
Despite all the great things you'll hear about "Selma" - an important, Oprah-endorsed awards-season biopic - it actually is great.
It's a King-size role for this terrific actor.
There were better movies released during 2014 than Selma -- though all could be counted on just one hand with the thumb neatly tucked underneath -- but were there any that were more topical, more important, more monumental?
A well-intentioned yet persistently underwhelming drama...
What could be simplistic schmaltz ends up being a harsh rebuke of symbolic gestures.
Directed with confidence by Ava DuVernay, it's a movie about how King changed America by having the canny political genius to show the country an image of itself that it could not bear.
This is a film about work: the work at hand, the work it takes to do the work, and, for an audience in 2015, the question of whether the work worked.
Hollywoodized to the extent of depicting President Lyndon Johnson as an obstructionist to the African-American cause. Nonetheless, 'Selma' is compelling cinema.
With protestors organizing what feels like could evolve into another Civil Rights Movement, Selma is an important document of those who went before.
Oyelowo's performance reflects the film as a whole: graceful understated, not showy, yet deeply moving.
Selma is one of so many well-meaning historical dramas that fall prey to their overpowering stories. Gravitas abounds in every scene.
Vivid, nuanced and, yes, timely.
Selma is about America at its worst -- and very best.
David Oyelowo is superb; film is remarkably topical and relevant.
... pays tribute by resonating more deeply when considered in the context of current events.
...a film that demands to be seen, despite its flaws. It's part of American history and a story that we should all know.
It's understandable that DuVernay would make a priority of avoiding excessive detail. But too much of the movie is like the opening: deliberate, broad, uninspired.
Like Dr. King did, the film captures your mind and your heart as it entertains, the way great movies often do.
A film this heartfelt and intelligent about social justice will never be unimportant, but it feels especially relevant today.
Oyelowo's performance exists on a single continuum, convincing us that the man inspiring millions is the same man we saw grieving alone just a few minutes before. He's the man we knew, and never knew.
Selma is one of the great emotional experiences of recent years; a fiercely powerful look at one of the Civil Rights Movement's most triumphant victories.
The paint-by-numbers portrayals of 1960s iconic players is pathetic and the story fails to capture the passion, energy and hope of MLK's leadership and of the times.
At times borders on the Shakespearean.
Without Oyelowo's texture and firepower, perhaps the picture would've been understood, but it wouldn't have been as precise in its emotion.
An uneven yet generally skillful effort that has probably drawn more praise and criticism than it warrants.
This is what Selma dares to do so well: show us the small, private moments in King's life, the intimacies, the humanity.
DuVernay shows visual assurance and a way with actors and especially words.
The skilfully re-created look of the era in the actual locations lets the viewer drop right into one of the darkest chapters in U.S. history, a time when blind hatred and bigotry set public policy.
It's films like Selma that remind us that behind every massive pivotal moment there are a thousands of smaller stories that come together like raindrops forming a ground-shaking thunderstorm.
As a film, Selma is solid if unspectacular. As a dramatic portrayal of recent U.S. history, however, Selma burns with a fierce intensity.
DuVernay's film deals less in the outcome than in the immediate, and it's hardly ever sentimental or manipulative, a common trait of films that are based on true events, used to make sure you feel inspired.
We see history as it unfolds, not as it has been encased in amber, in a movie that needs to be seen in these anxious days of renewed racial and cultural unrest.
The movie is riveting. It reminds us not only of how far we have come as a society but how far we have yet to go.
Deeply-felt drama depicting the worst of America and the best of America. David Oyelowo is excellent.
It may be coincidence that Selma reverberates with a particular timeliness...Still, it's thanks to director DuVernay and first-time features writer Paul Webb that the film has more than the luck of timing on its side.
Selma is a passionate and utterly important historical recounting, unimpeachable for its modern relevancy, and moving in its cinematic telling.
What Daniel Day-Lewis did for Lincoln, Oyelowo does for King, mimicking his behavior and speech uncannily. He is both completely believable and someone we've never encountered before.
Although Selma is dramatically uneven overall, the film is a commendable historical drama that sidesteps the pitfalls of adulatory biopics and great-man approaches to encapsulating bygone events.
Even some of the film's strongest proponents are positioning the film as a good-for-you, syllabus-ready obligation. That's an affront to the intelligence, cinematic flexibility and emotional satisfaction of this rousing film.
Selma shines a painful light on the events of 1965, from the tragic bombing of a Birmingham, Ala., church to the police brutality during the first effort to begin a march from Selma's Edmund Pettus Bridge.
A Powerful Reminder of Sacrifice and Struggle.
To see "Selma" is to feel and appreciate anew the burden of greatness.
In an era of comic-book movies, "Selma" is an impressive reminder of the real-life struggle for human dignity.
A somber and distressingly relevant tribute to King and his fellow compatriots in the civil-rights movement of the 1960s.
No movie in memory feels as necessary as Selma, while the history it portrays is echoed by current events. When the value of black lives is asserted in the streets by marchers of all colors, spurred by wrongs to be righted, indignities to overcome.
Nearly everyone who goes to "Selma" will know the rough outlines of the story, but DuVernay has made a vigorous and surprising film.
As history 'Selma' may cause some controversy, but as fact-based drama it's exceptionally fine.
Though these events occurred half a century ago, their power and relevance are undiminished.
History becomes breathtaking drama in "Selma"; there's an urgent realism in the storytelling, as if we're seeing this just in time. And indeed we are ...
Selma creates a sense of real life being lived, rather than just facts and figures being dramatized.
Director Ava DuVernay...wisely shifts the emphasis away from the person - it's hard to make a movie about a saint, even a secular one - and onto the process.
Selma is wet paint Americans (especially young ones) had probably best watch dry, as we remember the past and contemplate where the country goes from here.
Selma, the latest in a long string of strong biopics out over the last year, deserves your undivided attention.
"Selma" demands to be seen now and by the generations that follow.
Earnest, but only occasionally inspiring and a bit of an overreach, especially in the casting.
The brilliance of Ava DuVernay's Selma lies in how it makes a man out of a historical icon without diminishing his greatness in the slightest.
Selma is an important history lesson that never feels like a lecture. Once school is back in session, every junior high school class in America should take a field trip to see this movie.
Still, what is most startling about Selma isn't its painstaking presentation of this painful history, but how salient that history remains nearly 50 years on.
History, written in lightning: writer-director Ava DuVernay's third feature, understated yet righteously furious, beautifully dramatizes a few crucial months in the civil-rights movement and the life of Martin Luther King (David Oyelowo, electric).
While Selma hardly redefines the comfortably historical struggle genre, it injects it with some political intelligence and a touch of the cynical humor that goes hand-in-hand with knowledge of such things.
This is lucid in its political analysis and sobering in its depictions of racially motivated violence, though it sometimes comes off as stolid.
A stunning achievement and an interesting comparison to Spielberg's "Lincoln", a film that gave short shrift to Black self-emancipation, something that attests to the need for Black directors like Ava DuVernay.
If not quite in quality then certainly in import and impact, this is the film of the year - of 1965 and perhaps of 2014.
[A] thoroughly engrossing portrayal of politics in its most rudimentary shape, it is also a rousing representation of the concept of democracy at its best and most potent.
A film of great power and integrity, fiercely attentive to the tipping point of progress and the difficult decisions that push it forward.
The year's most powerful and emotionally-gripping film seems as necessary and essential now as it did nearly 50 years ago.
This is no soup-to-nuts King biopic.
David Oyelowo is as believable in a quiet domestic scene as he is in his most majestic moments, in filmmaker Du Vernay's skillful re-creation of this period in recent American history.
Easily one of the most important and relevant films of the year.
The true brilliance of David Oyelowo's work--and that of Ava DuVernay, for that matter--lies in the delicate balance between duly respecting King as a historical icon and incisively studying King as a man.
A fascinating depiction of a turbulent time in American history.
A stately, sober film, at times uplifting and at others agonizing.
If "Selma" is limited by the kind of film it needed to be and by what its studio proprietors wanted to sell, it's still the best and most intimate fictional portrayal of the civil rights movement, by a long shot.
A major part of the film's success, however, lies in Oyelowo's masterful portrayal.
DuVernay's most remarkable accomplishment may be that with such passion-inspiring material, she has made such a measured, resolute and levelheaded film.
At its best, Ava DuVernay's biographical film honors Dr. King's legacy by dramatizing the racist brutality that spurred him and his colleagues to action.
Outstanding drama about MLK's fight for equal rights.
It's one of the best films of 2014. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, etc. -- for Parents also available)
There's a stirring freshness to the cinema of "Selma," and it's not just because of Bradford Young's rich, moody photography.
Superb as biography, as history, and as drama. It is one of the best movies of this year and this decade.
Selma shows us where we were going. Watching it now, it's depressing how far from that path we've strayed.
With expansive shots of protests in motion and intimate, shadowy close-ups of King locked in jail, DuVernay's direction brings to life what many only know in black-and-white snapshots.
There's a powerfully nuanced and award-worthy performance by David Oyelowo as Martin Luther King.
For all of the weight of history it carries, it's the rare biopic that actually works as both a personal story and an exploration of America's past.
Selma is both an example of that principle in action and a timely call for harmony in a year marked by racial unrest. (That the film should feel so relevant even today is frustrating.)
Ambitious, moving, and features a performance fit for the history books from David Oyelowo. It's one of the single best things you can see in 2014.
"Selma" is a necessary film, even an essential one, with more than its share of memorable performances and vivid, compelling sequences.
Its timeliness is a spine-chilling reminder that those who do not know their history are doomed to repeat it. Its story provides a blueprint not only of the past, but of the way forward.
What matters is that a film about a protest in 1965 is powerfully relevant to today and should be required viewing for the year.
Selma is a true triumph; a vitally important film with a legacy destined to endure.
I have rarely seen a historical film that felt so populous and full of life, so alert to the tendrils of narrative that spread beyond the frame.
"Selma" invites viewers to heed its story, meditate on its implications and allow those images once again to change our hearts and minds.
An insightful look into the making of a historic moment; Oyelowo raises the roof as MLK.
Hollywood's definitive depiction of the 1960s American civil rights movement - as well as perhaps the most timely movie you'll see this year.
An overdue tribute to a revered icon and to some unsung foot soldiers who played a critical role at a seminal moment in the courageous African-American struggle for freedom and equality.
Ava DuVernay has pulled off a personal triumph by managing an engrossing film that serves up a chuck of history too many Americans don't know or have forgotten.
What makes this one of the year's most notable movies, is the way DuVernay cuts through the immense mythology to delve into King's brilliant political mind.
I walked out of SELMA believing in this country, even amidst all the horror and tragedy we've been experiencing, because SELMA helped me remember that sometimes we're at our best in the face of injustice like this.
Meticulously researched and elegantly scripted by debuting screenwriter Paul Webb, Selma toggles between moments big and small, though everything feels necessary.
With Selma, DuVernay has pulled off a tricky feat, a movie based on historical events that never feels dull, worthy, or lifeless; it hangs together as a story and not just part of a lesson plan.
Selma's showcasing of individual moments over the educational arc helps to make this saga feel immediate, not preordained but unfolding as a series of actions, planned and unplanned.
As cinema, Selma is commendable; as cultural barometer, it's beyond reproach.
This is real American history being made, you think - and regular Americans making it. But then, those are the Americans who always do.
To DuVernay's credit, she manages to make almost every moment as riveting as the last, and a big part of that success falls on the casting, even those in bit roles.
DuVernay's look at Martin Luther King's 1965 voting-rights march against racial injustice stings with relevance to the here and now. Oyelowo's stirring, soulful performance as King deserves superlatives.
This is an intellectual approach to an emotional issue - and it delivers, powerfully and beautifully.
Anything could have happened. The unthinkable often did. And Selma depicts it all with a gripping, majestic flourish that feels just right.
A large part of Selma's success is rooted in Oyelowo's superb, nuanced portrayal of a figure held to be a near deity.
An impassioned lead performance and timely parallels to contemporary social issues enliven and elevate this otherwise somewhat routine biopic.
An unforgettable movie experience. David Oyelowo gives the performance of the year.
A film about courage and strength that should be required viewing in this, a nation whose sense of history extends barely as far as last week.
Ava DuVernay's Selma is good as you've heard. It's delicious as well as nutritious.
By focusing on the power of cannily staged collective action to turn the tide of public opinion, Selma achieves a contemporary relevance that few historical dramas can ...
One of the most important films of the year.
DuVernay has done a great service with Selma. Not only has she made one of the most powerful films of the year, she's given us a necessary reminder of what King did for this country...and how much is left to be done.
Did this retelling--both epic and intimate, lush and brutal--really need to wrap itself up with a PBS-worthy montage?
Gorgeously shot, beautifully written and brought to vivid life by an assortment of wonderful performances, Selma is stunningly powerful, emotive and indispensable filmmaking.
"Selma" wisely sidesteps predictable inspirational-movie cliches: Deep down, this film knows that the more things change, the more they stay the same. And there is still much work to be done.
A tough, sober, lived-in look at the gruntwork of activism.
DuVernay has made a very good movie.
It'd be a good movie any year, but given the events of the last few months, it's now an almost unbearably resonant one.
Selma could have a major effect beyond the theaters.
A brief but crucial episode in the sixties civil rights movement gets strikingly dramatised in Selma, a historical drama that feels topical thanks to recent events in Ferguson and other US cities.
As unnervingly timely as this historical drama is, this is also a film with clear-eyed heart, one that sweeps you up and carries you with undeniable power and grace.
Avoids the usual biopic stuffiness by concentrating on one major event in Dr. King's life, the march in Selma, Alabama.
The film pinpoints Selma's place in this overarching historical context without feeling browbeaten by it into merely erecting a memorial. It's full of quicksilver decision-making, sinew and guts.
Perhaps there's no better time for a reminder of the power of non-violent protest, but Selma also provides a potentially dangerous reassurance that the battle has already been won.
In a year of remarkable performances, Oyelowo is simply magnificent as Dr. King.
A stirring and enlightening movie about civil rights leader Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., and his crusade for equality.
"Selma" is vital correspondence, filmmaking lived on the streets where brutal facts were ignored then reported, and now snatched back from history to sustain a spirit few films can or will possess.
A joyful, angry, and sad film - occasionally all three in the same scene.
Intelligently written, vividly shot, tightly edited, sharply acted, the film represents a rare example of craftsmanship working to produce a deeply moving piece of history.
Ava DuVernay's politically astute, psychologically acute MLK bio-pic makes the Civil Rights movement seem like only yesterday.
"Selma" is one of the best American films of the year - and indeed perhaps the best - precisely because it does not simply show what Dr. King did for America in his day; it also wonders explicitly what we have left undone for America in ours.

@highlight

Fueled by a gripping performance from David Oyelowo, Selma draws inspiration and dramatic power from the life and death of Martin Luther King, Jr. -- but doesn't ignore how far we remain from the ideals his work embodied.