In many ways [Shine a Light is] an unintentional funeral dance commemorating the vanished vitality and subversive potential of mainstream rock 'n' roll and celebrating its current utility as a nostalgic anodyne.
Shine A Light is a masterful concert film, one that will appeal to movie lovers and hardcore Stones admirers alike.
Once the Rolling Stones push "Jumpin' Jack Flash's" tempo toward a cliff, Scorsese treats "Shine a Light" like a character piece about artistic give-and-take, not a mere concert film. As long as the Stones are ambulatory, they're ageless.
Unanswered question: If this is what Keith Richards' face looks like when he goes on stage, what does he look like when he gets up in the morning?
Note to self: Need more yoga ASAP.
Sparkles like polished ember encasing dinosaur DNA, but Scorsese's best jukeboxes have little use for such reverence
It's unfortunate that the unfairest criticism one can level at Shine a Light is arguably the most legitimate as well: it's no Gimme Shelter
More than a concert film, Scorsese's Shine a Light not only throws yet another spotlight on the rockers but also carves out a story to pay tribute to the "Satisfaction" musicians.
A whirlwind demo of technical proficiency. It's recommendable on camera choreography and seamless editing alone.
Even an average performance by the Rolling Stones isn't boring.
...an exhilarating and wholly engrossing event.
mia hliara entyposiaki, minimalistiki binteoskopisi mias hliara apolaystikis synaylias, poy se fernei arketa prosopo me prosopo me ton Jagger, ton Richards kai t' alla paidia, oste na moiazei me kati poy tha mporoyse na ehei skinothetisei o Romero, kai se
But the success of this documentary may ultimately qualify as faint praise since what it really confirms is that rock 'n' roll's greatest glories happened 40 years ago...
I had a great time, and if you are actually a Stones fan, then you'll love it even more than I did.
It's hard to imagine, I know, but Shine A Light gives us the Rolling Stones in a fresh way.
Shine a Light reinvigorates a slightly tired genre with an extraordinarily light touch.
What this film delivers is a close-up of the band doing something they clearly love.
This is basically a concert film, but when the band is the Stones and the director is Scorsese, it is a fantastic concert film.
Shine a Light is at once an ode to [Scorsese's] longtime muses, a look at the arc of their career, and a rollicking concert film.
As a concert film it's among the best: intimately shot, smoothly edited, endlessly involving.
Shine A Light is pure rock'n'roll nirvana, standing mightily as one of the truly great concert films.
It is stupendously filmed and, as edited by David Tedeschi over nine months, really captures the energy and spirit of the performances.
If The Stones exemplify a life of drugs, sex and rock 'n roll, then bring it on! Unbridled energy rockets from the stage, especially from Jagger, whose physicality can be likened to a primal sexual urge: riveting, unforgettable and uplifting
an instant classic
The legendary rockers never did much for me musically, and so a film that's 95 percent live performance does even less.
Martin Scorsese and an ace crew of cinematographers have managed to catch the Stones on two nights in 2006 when the title of 'World's Greatest Rock Band' was rightfully theirs.
Not much light to shine on the aging Rolling Stones.
A typical rock concert and documentary film, only more so.
Martin Scorsese comes as close as anyone is likely to get capturing the electricity of a Stones concert with Shine a Light.
Shine a Light doesn't break any new ground for Scorsese or the Stones, but it's an enjoyable showcase for the prodigious skills the director and band have.
...a film that rivals "The Last Waltz" as the greatest concert film ever.
A consummate concert film but not on a calibre with Scorsese's "The Last Waltz" (1978).
Though it does not redefine the boundaries of the concert film like The Last Waltz did, Marty's love letter to the Stones is much more than alright; in fact it's a gas.
The movie is a blast of pure rock and roll energy.
Buddy Guy makes his guest appearance his own, and for an all too brief couple of minutes, carries the movie off to some other dimension.
The effect was intense and overwhelming, but I mean that in a good way.
At times, the cutting shifts from the hasty to the impatient to the borderline epileptic, and, while never doubting Scorsese's ardor for the Stones, I got the distinct impression of a style in search of a subject.
O que importa nem é tanto a música, mas sim o prazer inquestionável com que esta é criada e executada pelos envelhecidos, mas sempre contagiantes, Rolling Stones.
The Stones aspire to project physical and musical agelessness, and a reinvented rebellion switched from anti-patriarchal authority to one against Father Time. You don't need a weathered man to know which way the wind blows.
These so-called Rolling Stones are pretty good. I think they might have a future in this business.
The cinematically dazzling result pops off the screen even more than the recent digital spectacle "U2 3D."
The genius of Scorsese's film, which is being shown in IMAX in 93 theaters, is that it reveals the Stones' mortality while celebrating all that makes them more than mere mortals.
It's showbiz, after all. And the band still rocks like none other, true to their creed that if their adored blues masters can play into their dotage, then so can they.
I'm not convinced the world needs a handsomely assembled movie of the Stones doing their songs exactly the way they've been doing them for 40 years, especially since it's easy to dig up a dozen previous Stones concert films.
Close-ups detail the etched faces of the Stones, but they've never seemed more ageless. Their music and spirit are still brash and youthful.
He brings all his skills as a filmmaker to the film, but Scorsese did not achieve the monumental dimensions of his movie from cinematic savoir faire. Shine a Light is huge because the Stones are giants.
Scorsese, who has used Stones songs so prominently in his movies that he's probably paid for a few outbuildings on the band members' country estates, brings an obvious fondness for the group to Shine a Light.
Scorsese captures the Stones at their ancient, un-ironic best, bluesy showmen who leave it all on the stage every night, never for a moment letting on that they're playing, for the 10,000th time, 40-year-old hits.
An altogether astounding testimony to the band's longevity, vitality and verve.
Amazingly, Jagger turns 65 in July. And although his face is carved with lines, his stage act hasn't changed much since the band played Madison Square Garden nearly 40 years ago.
The movie easily beats paying $250 to experience the Bones in person; you can see everything without having to stand up, and the sound at a multiplex is far better than any arena.
Regardless of age, they can still rip this joint.
Jagger remains amazing, a human explosion crossing the stage for two hours.
The singer's energy remains awe-inspiring: He flails his sinewy limbs around the stage like a man possessed, and there isn't a single song in the show that he doesn't invest himself in whole.
The music's insistent richness builds and builds, its sound becoming so deep and persuasive that qualms about age fade and the rhythms carry us away.
Powerful in its energy, sparkling in its intimacy, the film captures the self-proclaimed world's greatest rock 'n' roll band still at the height of its performance powers during a two-night stint at Manhattan's small Beacon Theater in late 2006.
Lest we forget that they truly are the world's greatest rock 'n' roll roll band, the Rolling Stones make their case loudly, lovingly and conclusively in Shine a Light.
This one is a must-see for fans of the band and for anyone interested in the general phenom of rock 'n' roll.
What he has created, inadvertently, is an invaluable documentation of semi-fossilized Stones -- musicologists may like it, sociologists should love it and, some distant day, anthropologists will treasure it.
Watching Keith Richards paraded around like a man in a character costume at Disneyland I found myself realizing how f***ing lame this group has become... This isn't rock and roll - this is a very loud Lawrence Welk performance.
This is how great rock and roll was meant to be filmed: By great filmmakers.
There's more than a bit of satisfaction to be had in Shine a Light, which starts with a clever tussle of the dynamic wills of Jagger and Scorsese.
Mostly, this film works because it shines a light on the Stones in a way that few have had a privilege to witness.
The disappointment is that, unlike The Last Waltz, which got inside the skins of The Band and was clearly a deeply personal work, Shine A Light is essentially just an expertly made concert film. But what a concert!
Shine a Light should be taken with past Stones docs as a continuum, the rock 'n' roll equivalent of Michael Apted's Up series.
As Jagger is the ringmaster in front of the cameras, Scorsese is the maestro behind them, assembling a crew under Robert Richardson that reads like a Who's Who of award-winning cinematographers.
What Scorsese captures is the outpouring of energy that can revitalize rock lovers en masse.
Aside from threading in a few black-and-white clips of the band being interviewed in the mid-60s, Scorsese doesn't have much to say about the Stones, and their unfeeling professionalism onstage says quite enough already.
Some may argue that Shine a Light could have used more such flavoring. Stones' fans won't be among them.
The filmmaking tries to generate excitement; it doesn't capture it.
Shine a Light combines his foreknowledge with the versatility of great cinematographers so that it essentially seems to have a camera in the right place at the right time for every element of the performance.
Manages to capture the raw energy of the band.
...every bit as energetic and exciting as [the Stones] were 40 years ago...
Whatever your taste, you'll have to agree: Shine a Light is music and cinema writ large. [Blu-Ray]
More vanity project than essential document of the World's Greatest Rock and Roll Band in what we can presume to be the twilight of its godhood.
Shine a Light does deliver in a way few concert films can - especially given the timeless talents on display
For a bunch of guys in their sixties, it's clear that not only do they have energy to spare, but they don't seem to be in any hurry to retire.
If you love the Stones, this is your concert film. If you're a casual fan or first-timer, strap in for a long performance that breaks the show-business rule of always leaving the audience wanting more.
"Shine a Light" is a spectacularly entertaining film that is an absolute must-see for anyone with even the vaguest interest in rock music in general and the Rolling Stones in particular.
The 18 cameras Scorsese and his award-winning team of cinematographers employed to cover every angle of the event have captured tons of little personal moments and blown them up to IMAX-size proportions.
If the sight of 60-year old wrinkly guys strutting around and shaking their booties induces reverse peristalsis, go watch Hannah Montana. This is the only chance for most of us to afford front row tickets to a Rolling Stones concert.
A Rolling Stones concert film more than ... a Scorsese film.
Energetic and effective.
A wild performance by Mick Jagger and the Rolling Stones, who really know how to give it all they've got.
Smiling self-mockery plays a big part, and if the movie is actually about anything, it's about aging gracefully into a cuddly caricature of your former self.
inadvertently defines our time of political correctness and accessibility through censorship
A vivid record of the aging rockers' ability to put on a great show -- not a great show for a bunch of guys in their sixties, but a great show, period -- and Scorsese's canny use of archival footage makes it more than a mere concert film.
Scorsese has an obsession with the Stones, and it's revealed in every last dizzying moment of this exceptional musical document.
The movie is an exhilarating musical experience, an extraordinary testament to the unprecedented longevity and steady artistic growth of the band.
After the 14th song, casual fans feel guilty that their energy is flagging while then-63 Mick's still huffing on
As the director of the documentary Shine a Light, Martin Scorsese is a besotted rock 'n' roll fan who wholeheartedly embraces its mythology.
Martin Scorsese meets the Rolling Stones in Shine a Light. The synergy is so brilliant, it's nearly blinding.
Do not expect (thankfully) an MTV-style concert film with three-second edits and extreme close-ups.
It probably looked great on paper. Oh, sure, the concert scenes in this documentary about the Stones' show in New York are top-of-the-line, but it's nothing new.
As far as recent concert films are concerned, Shine a Light fits neatly between the U2 3D and the Hannah Montana/Miley Cyrus: Best of Both Worlds Concert movie.
For the most part, Scorsese (as he did in The Last Waltz, his brilliant documentary about the Band) largely lets the Stones be the Stones.
A buoyant, light-hearted encore of a movie, paying tribute to the Stones as indefatigable elder statesmen who still go out every night and put on a great show.
Despite Scorsese's efforts to pump up some drama -- the director, with his signature glasses and Groucho brows, gets huffy about not receiving a set list -- drama is sorely lacking. This is just a concert film.
This you-are-there spellbinder is a master director shining his light on the best rock band on the planet.
Those of us who'd hoped Scorsese would make a film closer in spirit to No Direction Home, his Bob Dylan profile, will consider Light a wasted effort.
With Scorsese's intervention, I'd hoped Shine a Light would be innovative and extraordinary, but as a Stones fan I was thrilled to see a live show from these Rock Gods of nearly half a century that puts any band of young whippersnappers to shame.
Never aims for transcendence, settling instead for really, really good ... the overriding impression is of a bunch of legendary deviants content to remain in showman mode.
Shine a Light is akin to paying for a very good seat at a Stones concert, and while some of us couldn't do that for real, even if we saved up, Scorsese's fond film...is a stroll down memory lane, conducted by four men who know the way, and know how
An electrifying experience for Rolling Stones fans or anyone who just wants to know how to stay young.
Shine a Light, like so much of the Stones' music it captures, may not be epic, but it certainly shows us a good time.
Martin Scorsese's Shine a Light will prompt myriad reactions -- shock, awe, glee -- but dismissal will be in the minority.
It's a gas.
Although the film is expertly made it offers almost nothing new for fans of the Stones, or of Scorsese.
There is no such thing as a blank slate with such cultural icons -- too much informs our viewing experience -- and that's both one of the film's biggest strengths and weaknesses.
Stones fans and pop enthusiasts across generations will be riveted by these kings of cool, these elder statesmen of androgyny.
This movie is about giving us a privileged glimpse of the Stones in action. It's a record of an astonishing musical chemistry that has been evolving, with no signs of calcification, for nearly five decades.
What it captures is a band that has figured out the best way to endure -- by becoming eternal.
Like the Stones, Marty's earned the right to coast, especially in his senior years.
Stones obsessives are going to love it and even the casual fan will find it hard not to catch the contagious excitement of this inside view into rock n' roll's original bad boys.
It's a shame this movie wasn't made 20 to 30 years ago when Scorsese or the Stones were at their prime.
Where Scorsese's focus for the "The Last Waltz" was on capturing a cultural zeitgeist that supported a generational shift of musical ideas, here he goes after the incredibly honed inner-workings of the Rolling Stones' performance style and musical deliver
[Scorsese] comes at the Stones from every imaginable angle. He voodoos the footage into a fluid whole.
Martin Scorsese's Shine a Light, featuring the Rolling Stones onstage with their talented friends, rattled my old bones to nirvana and beyond as I searched for superlatives adequate to describe the rapturous vibes let loose by the performers.
At the end of a very long night, Light is simply another in a long line of Rolling Stones concert films.
A celebration of the Stones and star Mick Jagger, Scorsese's Shine a Light is an exuberant concert film that captures vividly the charisma and energy of the vet band but shouldn't be considered a docu as there's little footage or interviews--by design.
Takes full advantage of heavy camera coverage and top-notch sound to create an invigorating musical trip down memory lane, as well as to provoke gentle musings on the wages of aging and the passage of time.




@highlight

It may offer little new for fans, but Martin Scorsese's document of the Rolling Stones' electrifying live show should provide satisfaction to audiences.