A much more sanguine view of cultural diversity emerges in this enchanting documentary...what Mad Hot Ballroom lacks in depth, it more than makesup for in charm and vibrancy.
It will sweep you off your feet.
Inspiring and enjoyable, this docu chronicles the physical and psychological transformation of school kids of different social classes as they enter into the 'exotic' world of ballroom dancing.
A sweet, and utterly entertaining portrait of children learning about confidence, achievement, skill, and also understanding the game of the sexes at such a young age.
Charming, poignant and festive "Mad Hot Ballroom" is an inspirational documentary that shows the power of dance to invigorate self-esteem and ambition in young hearts.
The dozen or so whom Agrelo and Sewell chose to emphasize are especially appealing, but nearly all of them are bright, thoughtful, confident and dedicated -- a heartening glimpse of the coming generation.
In all its unscripted glory, it shows us pre-adolescence with an astonishing authenticity that should be the envy of a hundred coming-of-age movies.
Cute, comical kids help make this ballroom dancing comp-romp a feelgood winner despite inexpert editing.
Charming if slightly overlong.
For its length, it would have been nice to learn a little bit more about some of the children. Nonetheless, Mad Hot Ballroom is still an uplifting and inspiring tale.
While Agrelo pushes a little too hard at times the attitude of the kids and the enthusiasm with which they perform dance makes it well worth a look.
It's a tale of tears, triumph and tread-upon toes; it may wear you out, but it'll put a spring in your step too.
... it's delightful to see the kids enthusiastically cheering each other on and they are terrific dancers. It'll make you want to take ballroom dancing lessons.
[Its] heart shines through during conversational scenes with the candid children.
A delightful documentary that shows how creative expression is a necessity in the lives of urban children.
persuasively shows how these lessons help bridge the gap between boys and girls during that uneasy period when the sexes are still suspicious of each other.
Only an icy hearted cynic could disparage this joyous, infectious documentary.
There's not a sequin, an ostrich feather nor a miniature tuxedo in sight, and everybody who gets anywhere near the finals looks absolutely right.
By the end we're glowing with pride just like their parents and teachers.
Surprising, delightful and inspiring, Mad Hot Ballroom is an entertaining documentary about 11 year old kids finding a focus and pursuing their passion
By turns funny, moving, and most definitely feel-good.
It is a bit like watching a home movie. Still, the kids are very cute, and I did get caught up in the drama of the competition, such as it was.
ts title is deceptively adult. "Mad Hot Ballroom" actually is a mesmerizing story, of all things, about dancing fifth-graders.
Listening to the kids talk is a treat in itself, but watching them strut their stuff in the final competition is enough to make you stand up and cheer.
Were I not from Manhattan, I can't imagine gleaning anything from Mad Hot Ballroom beyond a desire to pinch those ragamuffin's precious cheeks.
I was spellbound by the documentary, "Spellbound", and now I'm mad for "Mad Hot Ballroom".
The teachers who spend hours and hours training these kids, rehearsing, shopping for just the right outfits for ballroom competition......are true heroes of our society.
This vastly entertaining documentary follows 10- and 11-year-olds as they gain poise and self-esteem through ballroom dancing.
Kudos to all the wonderful students and teachers of 'Mad Hot Ballroom.' Not since watching 'Spellbound' have I felt this much faith in the youth of today.
It's amazing how little we end up knowing about the specific schools and the environment where these kids come from and how much time we're left watching them look cute.
I just wish the filmmaker did a better job putting it all together so it had more meaning as to the big "educational" picture.
In contrast to its great title, Mad Hot Ballroom is anything but: Let's just say I was not spellbound.
Overpopulated and untidy but driven by a relentlessly sunny spirit...
Yet another example of a slight, TV-newsworthy story that jitterbugs its sweet little self into exhaustion on the big screen.
This is not a great film, but it's consistently likable, entertaining and real.
It's kind of like the dance version of that documentary Rock School.
[It] may not be a masterpiece... but it is a heartfelt and very entertaining tribute to a group of teachers and students who want to succeed, if given half the chance.
Those searching for the perfect feel-good summer movie will go mad for Mad Hot Ballroom.
A very funny and equally moving documentary about fifth-graders learning ballroom dancing.
The kids' enthusiasm for dancing continually buoys the material.
These kids may be too small for sports and may not be headed to college on academic scholarships. But for once, they've proven to the world and to themselves that they matter.
The repetition of [the dance] scenes is mollified by moments of the kids off the dance floor, just talking and hanging out. In those moments, the 11-year-olds really shine.
The result is like an extended fluff piece you would see on a news magazine. It's cute, but it leaves you wanting more... and less.
Too scattershot an affair, offering surprisingly little depth in its coverage of either students or teachers.
At its least inspired, it's like a dramatized newspaper feature story; at its best, it offers an unscripted slice of inner-city life...
Director Marilyn Agrelo includes so many different kids and teachers that the film becomes like an overcrowded dance floor.
One thing becomes abundantly clear. Even if you're 10, it's impossible to hold back a smile while swinging your hips to the merengue.
Documentaries that are this much fun and this full of innocent energy are rare.
Hopefully Mad Hot Ballroom will inspire more people with passionate hearts to enter the teaching profession.
The kids are adorable, and so is the movie.
A tiny, utterly charming film that takes a true thing, the teaching of ballroom dancing to fifth-graders in New York City, and makes a lovely, uplifting fantasia of it.
The most heartbreaking, life-affirming, joyous and real film experience of the summer.
The movie is better at preaching the socializing influence of 'proper' activity than it is at getting fully involved with the beneficiaries.
Warm and nearly irresistible, Mad Hot Ballroom might be the summer movie to sweep you off your feet...Call it the Spellbound of the rumba and swing set.
It's a pleasure spending down-time with these lovely boys and girls.
It's sweet, funny and perfect for families to see together.
Clearly, the dance lessons are life lessons as well, nurturing self-confidence, team spirit, the joy of dancing and even a slight touch of Old World etiquette in an otherwise too-busy- to-be-courteous world.
It's a joy to watch the exuberance these kids display as they cut a rug to greatness.
Director Marilyn Agrelo's Mad Hot Ballroom is the best documentary bar-none since 1994's seminal basketball saga Hoop Dreams.
Aside from being perfectly irresistible, the movie is also deeply inspiring, especially for children.
The film's unintentional revelation may be that the competition isn't near as important as the education. The trophy is only a faint shadow of what has been accomplished.
Wins you over with kid after kid after kid saying the darndest things about boys and girls, winning and losing, and a host of other issues.
For director Marilyn Agrelo and screenwriter Amy Sewell, the documentary is a beautifully realized first effort. For the documented youngsters, it's a celebration of their stamina, tenacity and unforced lovability.
It's a dynamic snapshot of youth in the big city, of kids who talk tough and act up but savor the discipline and structure of their dance classes.
Mad Hot Ballroom had me at '... and go!'
This engaging look at New York City school kids who learn ballroom dancing and participate in citywide competitions gains impact from watching kids learning unexpected skills.
Although not a great film, it's a joy to watch.
What an unexpected delight! If you enjoyed 'Spellbound,' put this on your must-see list. It's a winner!
The dedication the youngsters bring to their dancing is infectious, and that gives this documentary a leg up.
A moving and inspiring film, but it's also hilarious and, as the finals draw near, quite exciting.
The beauty of this movie is the way that it shows that grace, dignity, elegance, and pride in mastering a skill are important and thrilling and transformational.
Though Agrelo blunts the competitive drama by visually excluding the opposition, the kids' talent and infectious spirit carries the day for Mad Hot Ballroom.
The kids are remarkably open -- and tentative -- about their feelings.
There are so many funny yet wrenching moments that the film's refusal to stop and probe can be a gift.
... the real story lies in the characters, kids from all races and cultures who pair off and learn to rumba, tango, foxtrot and swing.
The levels of overly cute moments are certainly high, but the ﬁlm also manages to score more than a few interesting points in regards to issues of class and competition.
A precocious documentary that speaks the universal language of rhythm and soul.
about the best documentary movie anyone could make about ten-year olds learning ballroom dancing. But still, it's a movie about ten-year olds learning ballroom dancing.
[Mad Hot Ballroom is] the kind of film that used to be relegated to an after school special
There's no denying the charms of these frank-talking little Freds and Gingers, and the film delivers the expected dose of pathos and humor.
Sweet and wise little film.
What is loveliest is listening to the kids talk. They are at a touchingly sweet stage, still plump-cheeked and mischievous, bravely trying to make sense of a complicated world and their place in it.
Offers a rare glimpse of what's on the minds of pre-adolescent kids.
Watching the kids dance is irresistible, but director Marilyn Agrelo is sensitive to the full complex of emotions invoked by the competition.
A crowd-pleaser of immense proportions.
Although the film seems uninspired technically, the subject matter is compelling.
Ballroom dancing is a set of social abstractions, of strategies and choices rather than any "natural" order.
The film grows in rhythm and grace as the competition approaches.
Like the best practitioners of its subject, Mad Hot Ballroom entrances while following a rigid set of steps.
Take the kids. The 10-year-old I had the pleasure to watch the movie with was transfixed, racked with suspense, and mirroring the moves before it was half over.
If you needed a reason to deplore cuts in funding for our schools and to raise teachers' salaries, here it is.
Mad Hot Ballroom gets a passing grade based on the precocious charms of its pint-size subjects and filmmakers' palpable enthusiasm for their subjects.
Disappointingly superficial -- even the most interesting children get lost in the constant shuffle on and off-stage. It spends too little time with too many people.
Sure to sweep you off your feet.
Warm, funny and very difficult to resist.
A frisky charmer.
A testament to the discipline, humor, and life of kids who swing.
This is an amazing documentary achievement -- easily as good, if not better, than any recent 'feel good' fictional story that Hollywood has put on the screen.
Resistance is futile. It's impossible not to be swept up into the uplifting world of Mad Hot Ballroom.
Entertaining and precious ... it's certain to cast a spell on you.
It would be easy to carp over the shortcomings of the film...The charm and ebullience of the kids...make the film work...Nobody walks out at the end without a great big smile.
Director Marilyn Agrelo is able to capture with easy charm and grace what happens between 10- and 11-year-old boys and girls as they break out of their childhood shells and interact with each other.
A lovely movie, full of real-life drama (you can almost see it being turned into an off-Broadway musical).
This winning documentary about fifth-graders who learn ballroom dancing is one of those movies that make the world a brighter place.
Mad Hot Ballroom is a crowd-pleaser of the first order.
Even if you don't like dancing and think the world would be a better place without so many kids, there's a pretty good chance it will still click and put you in a good mood.
It's fascinating to watch those who initially slouched and dragged their feet grow into nimble and determined competitive dancers.
the filmmakers have a shaky grasp on differentiating their classrooms ..fail to delve into any...controversial aspects and build no suspense for the final competition
At a time when funding for school programs is being slashed, Mad Hot Ballroom couldn't send a better message about how important art can be to children.
New York City fifth graders determinedly go through the paces of traditional ballroom dancing in this slight, charming documentary.
Many moviegoers will swoon over the young folks' earnest efforts to learn gracefulness and sociability. But at heart this is a cuteness exploitation flick.
The kids are cute and the intentions are good, but ultimately [the film] plays like a teacher's presentation to the school board about the importance of arts education.
Watching these lively people, young and old, express their wishes, confess their fears and kick uptheir heels is enough to make you proud to be a New Yorker. Heck, proud to be human.
Mad Hot Ballroom is really about children being so disarmingly adorable that an overlong, somewhat lackluster documentary about them can seem like an inspiring triumph.
lacks the tension that marks a movie like Spellbound
The filmmakers evoke children empowering themselves by coming together.
One foosball game in an American-flag-bedecked Bensonhurst basement leaves us yearning for more intimate portraits.
A paean to the essential goodness of so many unsung heroes of American education, and to the frailty of the innocence all children carry with them.


@highlight

This heartwarming documentary will win audiences over, as the sheer charm of precocious, enthusiastic children learning to dance resonates from the screen.