Greenberg is a great spectacle of toxic emotional stasis.
It's not as substantial as it believes itself to be, but Greenberg is a good movie, and contrary to a lot of critical practice, good does not equal mediocre.
Greenberg is self-indulgent, boring and very cynical (and not in a good way). The anticlimactic ending doesn't sum up the movie but rather leaves you further frustrated at Greenberg for being a miserable, unlikeable person for no apparent reason.
His sharpest observations are reserved for preternaturally intelligent, hyper-self-conscious outsiders whose existential crises are the failure of the world-and, to some extent, themselves-to live up to their own high expectations.
Stiller succeeds in a dramatic role but the script underwhelms with a meandering story and an unlikable lead character.
Not the feel-good film of the year, but Greenberg is a powerful account of how a few lost souls can find meaning and direction in life.
Obviously there's running commentary from director Noah Baumbach -- his characters are never free of context -- but they don't have epiphanies, they don't learn and they don't apologize. It's kind of refreshing.
Baumbach's writing and direction of these characters display more of a novelistic touch...but the approach produces a deeply felt view of flawed individuals.
Greenberg is not an enjoyable movie, but it's a unique experience that will mostly appeal to cinephiles with insatiable appetites for character-driven small films.
Ben Stiller plays the most repellent character I have ever seen in a movie and that includes "Dracula". If you are going to feature a repellent character, you have to make him or her interesting. Bela Lugosi was a huge success by comparison.
This is more of a character study than it is a real story. The characters in the film are vivid and they make indelible impressions. The acting is excellent all around.
From the ever-inventive mind of Noah Baumbach comes a deep comedy that seems to combine elements from his last two films.
A typically low-key effort from Noah Baumbach...
The engine that drives Greenberg is this tension between the illusion of our outward projection and the absolute loathing of the worms underneath.
Baumbach may think he's found a rare happy ending when he puts these two together, but I highly doubt it.
Baumbach's movie once again walks a fine line between being off-putting and being fascinating in its character study, and for me the positives win out.
Greenberg is inevitably, productively divisive in tone and topical focus-and this in itself strikes me as a good thing-but you cannot say the filmmakers aren't trying to use all the resources available to the form.
Watching the social and family dynamics play out in this film reveals a whole life lived in these rhythms and traps, which is not always pleasant... but certainly interesting.
Good luck with yourself, Greenberg. But I think I want to break up.
Far from the usual slapstick laced with smarts comedy, Greenberg is Ben Stiller's Punch Drunk Love.
The characters are so socially destructive that it's difficult to care what happens to any of them.
full review at Movies for the Masses
Roger Greenberg is not the kind of guy you want to wind up next to at a dinner party.
A well-made movie filled with authentic moments of humour and insight, If only the central character wasn't such an unlikeable tool.
Some viewers will be turned off by this non-Stiller role but I think he's great. He also gets a few quotable lines thanks to writer-director Noah Baumbach.
Baumbach avoids the tedious or the overstated, always finding a way to raise the stakes, whether it's through an unexpected plot development or a performance.
Baumbach sends his signature brand of familial dysfunction west to Los Angeles in Greenberg, adding another exceptional character portrait to his resume and excavating unseen layers of depth in his leading man.
While slightly patchy and too quirky, Ben Stiller is terrific in the lead role and the film is highly watchable, containing a handful of unforgettable moments.
Greenberg is the latest character comedy from writer-director Noah Baumbach (The Squid and the Whale, Margot at the Wedding). For lovers of the genre, it's a real treat.
As a film about two misfits, Greenberg is a bit of a misfit itself: bright, mysterious and not that interested in making friends.
A beautifully concise and sensitive screenplay (co-written with Jennifer Jason Leigh) and insightful direction, inviting us to become involved in the lives of two complex, confused individuals
There's a lot not to like about Greenberg, the character and the film; and yet, by the end, I found it very touching, and the final scene is so imbued with delicacy and humanity that any stumbles along the way can be forgiven.
As a study of stasis and of people conscious of not living the lives they had imagined for themselves, the picture offers a bracing undertow of seriousness beneath the deceptively casual, dramatically offhand surface.
Like the director's Kicking and Screaming and Margot at the Wedding, it works as an almost perfect example of a certain kind of American neurosis.
Showcases a pleasingly subdued Stiller on great form, and provides more than enough dark giggles to see you through.
Baumbach is capable of brilliant dialogue, and certain scenes have a tidy truthfulness that recall Woody Allen at his pinnacle.
There is none of Stiller's usual knockabout comedy -- it is all brilliantly observational.
Baumbach (The Squid and the Whale) has a knack for creating clever, tension-laden dialogue that feels authentic, and there's plenty of i.
Everybody hurts, all the time, as Ben Stiller aces his dramatic turn in another witty, discomforting comedy drama from Baumbach. No happy endings here, but a climactic note of hope feels hard-earned.
Gerwig has an unaffected screen presence that is oddly compelling: a kind of luminous ordinariness
Lurching between comedy and agony, Noah Baumbach's new film appears to be the simple tale of a man recovering from a nervous breakdown. Yet Greenberg resonates for days afterwards, like a hangover after a peculiar and fascinating party.
See this film for uniformly excellent performances and a beguiling aesthetic, but approach with caution if Manhattan-era Woody Allen drives you up the wall.
This is a movie about the awful shock of early middle age, the sudden realisation that you are not one of the young people any more. Like a wasp, it delivers a sharp sting of sadness.
This is the kind of low-budget movie that attracts respectful reviews, but tiny audiences. That's because there's virtually no story or character development and the main character's an idiot.
Are you a movie star nobody takes seriously? Are you fed-up with being cast in dumb comedies? Do you crave the respect of your peers? Then call Noah Baumbach, a director with a knack for extracting good performances from the unlikeliest of places.
Baumbach grows up and suggests he's getting better with age.
There's a terrific character profile buried within this meandering, awkward film. The actors create superbly rounded people, but the slow pace and seemingly aimless script make it rather maddening to watch.
Greenberg may be good with wood, but Stiller is pure Polyfilla as he tries to plug the credibility gaps in a messy script which features one of the most ludicrous sex scenes in history.
An awkward moment is comedy gold in Ben Stiller's hands and there are plenty of those in Greenberg.
Stiller loses his natural comic appeal chasing after the hero's frowns and tics...
Old Ben Stiller has returned.
It's an intelligent, original piece of work that totally flouts Hollywood formula while delivering killer lines with the sort of casual abandon that suggests a director totally in control of his material.
Enjoyable character study from writer-director Noah Baumbach that makes up for its relative lack of plot with a superbly written script and terrific performances from Ben Stiller, Greta Gerwig and Rhys Ifans.
Basically, it's great.
Greenberg is a groundbreaking performance for Stiller who's unafraid, it seems, to risk alienating fans of his more mainstream movies like Meet The Fockers.
A film of powerful, memorable moments -- some striking dialogue, some great performances, a handful of beautifully played, bracingly discomfiting love scenes -- in search of a structure and, perhaps, a soul.
Like a lot of human relationships Greenberg is complicated, infuriating, good-hearted, funny, often painful, and well worth the effort. A sad little movie but also a great one, lit by two astonishing central performances.
It's Gerwig who's the real revelation ... She'll be around for a long time, but you'd be well-advised to get to know her right now.
Woody Allen is an influence, but Baumbach's comedy of discomfort is distinctive -- it speaks to the peculiar anxieties of the 'mean' era that produced it.
I only kind of like it, and I'll probably never want to see it again, but I respect it on some level.
Droll humored and observant modern-day relationship psychological comedy/drama.
Detest may not be a strong enough word to express what surely ranks as the worst movie of 2010. If you choose to ignore this warning, you may want to jump off a cliff after seeing this debacle for yourself
Noah Baumbach again investigates psychologically screwed-up people, although this time with much less comedic impact.
We can care about irritating characters, sure. But not this one.
...in some ways a very funny movie, although I'm not sure you could call it comedy ... This is an actors' movie, and the characters portrayed here are authentic, at least to my experience.
"Greenberg" succeeds mostly because its characters and story are much more interesting, and Baumbach left the toilet-cam at home this time.
Through the casual pacing of the script and Harris Savides' gloriously brumous cinematography, Greenberg becomes more about other people's interpretations of Roger than the man himself.
The storytelling may not always be sharp enough, but director Noah Baumbach's vision of a Los Angeles where people with dreams slowly age into bland irrelevance is spot-on.
You may well identify with Roger's relentless irritation. But you probably won't like it.
Jason Leigh's acting-writing teaming with Baumbach is just as exciting as Stiller's triumphant return to the neurotic kingdom. Misery loves company.
A funny and observant movie that's quite absorbing and entertaining
Baumbach's misanthropy may have become shtick by this point, but he keeps returning to the same mode because he's so unbelievably good at it.
The movie labors long, but realistically so, before finding hints of light in a very long tunnel.
The movie is almost too realistic in tone, idea and narrative for its own good, much of it speaking to the ethereal cruelty of life and aging hitting brutally too close to home.
As a portrait of self-obsession, Greenberg has its moments but the film never gives us sufficient reason to care about Roger...
While "Greenberg" wasn't as funny as I had hoped, I think it's a great film and in the end is a return to form for Baumbach.
Stiller is expert at playing self-indulgent types unaware of their boorishness, and Greenberg is no exception.
The only thing that stops it from being completely oppressive is Greta Gerwig's wonderfully believable performance as the awkward, much younger woman whom Roger alternately woos and rejects.
Writer-director Noah Baumbach is hilariously acute in his observation of Generation X in the early autumn of its years.
The glib stabs at Jean Eustache-like candor from The Squid and the Whale and Margot at the Wedding don't get any less hollow by being transplanted to California
It is always difficult to care for a film with a central character who is whiney, self-centered, and pathetic. This movie and Greenberg the character are no exception.
A film that stays with you if you stay with it.
What saves it, however, is Gerwig. The love story ain't credible, but her performance is, perfectly capturing a young woman who doesn't lack confidence so much as a sense of self.
Greenberg doesn't amount to much, really, but it's an enjoyably amusing character study with plenty of little pleasures.
In many ways this is Baumbach's best film, filled with his bitter but often funny misanthropic perspective, but buoyed by the undeniable likability of Stiller and Gerwig.
Unhealthy relationship is focus of darkly funny adult drama.
Failed artists -- more specifically, failed writers -- play a central role in most of Noah Baumbach's films. In Greenberg, Baumbach embraces that failure.
Greenberg plays a lot like mature mumblecore (which is to say that it has a plot and a script), with a familiar theme: It is ultimately your relationships that define you.
The movie is set up as a quirky romance between two lost souls, but in the end it seems more like a stalemate than a love match.
Baumbach reminds us, like golden-days Mazursky did, of the aching elusiveness but absolute essentialness of human connection.
In L.A., if you squint your eyes just right, it's not all that hard to imagine that the house that you're tending may very well be your own. Yet in the harsh delineation of Greenberg, we're squinting for a whole other reason.
As well-acted and sporadically charming as Greenberg is, Baumbach's consumption with misery keeps Stiller's character, and the film named for him, from being likable.
Baumbach proves he's as good as anyone at producing the kind of laughter that sticks in your throat.
The movie has the easy, unforced feel of the temporary timeout in life that Roger himself has embarked on. The script is full of funny, observant lines.
The movie ends on strange note, almost as if even Baumbach couldn't stand to spend one more minute with the odious Greenberg.
After several movies' worth of glib overacting, Stiller is more exposed and vulnerable here than he has ever been on film.
Baumbach is as perceptive about aimlessness as he is adept at offhandedness; whether these gifts are ideally complementary may have to remain an open question.
It's Stiller's job here to indicate why Greenberg isn't merely repulsive, and on that count he succeeds.
It's mostly all doom and gloom. Fans of Baumbach have come to expect that from him lately, but is it so much to ask for a good story and some likeable characters as well?
'Greenberg' is a very smart movie, and a very tricky one.
Does well by its hurt and hurtful hero.
Parental Content Review
Movies about insufferable people don't have to be insufferable themselves, but when a tangible arc is lacking and no credible change is made in who they are from beginning to end, the viewer is left to question what, exactly, the point is.
Though "Greenberg" recalls"Annie Hall" at times, it is crucially different. Allen has an essentially comic view of existence, although there have been exceptions and his vision has grown darker with age. Baumbach's work has been dark from the start and ar
Baumbach may paint miniatures, but his films are anything but quaint. They're as unsettling as meeting a harmless but difficult stranger.
It's a character study that builds slowly to a few pointed moments of karmic awakening, not all of which are ennobling. And it's played with uncanny intensity by Stiller, who has almost no vanity.
Even among the cavalcade of finks and egoists that populate Baumbach's body of work, Greenberg is a doozy.
A comedy that is so cozily Zen that its subdued laughs might qualify as relaxation exercises.
Greenberg won't be everyone's cup of hemlock. Yet we all know people like this -- the ones who only hear their own motors running -- and Baumbach locates and mines a rich vein of appalled comic sympathy.
Stiller's portrayal is so acutely real, Baumbach's writing so cutting and specific, and the work of Gerwig so seemingly effortless that Greenberg makes you, if not happy to stick around, then at least agreeable to the idea.
At times, you'd swear the movie was improvised -- especially judging by the clumsy, contrived and slapped-together third act.
Stiller plays a monster, and when Gerwig goes for him, declaring that she sees his tender side, the development seems like a fond indulgence on the part of writer-director Noah Baumbach.
Ben Stiller, Greta Gerwig and Rhys Ifans all shine, but the question is: How long can you stand to hangout with the annoying Roger Greenberg?
Greenberg may not win any popularity contests, but for fans of risk-taking cinema, it's most likely to succeed.
Ben Stiller bites reality back
The dramedy is richly written and Stiller's acting delivers, though his unlikable narcissist may put off audiences. The big discovery, however, is Gerwig, whose dreamy blonde -- lost in a post-college haze -- comes off earthy and instantly appealing.
Cinematographer Harris Savides captures the relentless, rather terrifying sunniness of LA without ignoring the smog. Baumbach's script and direction has brought out the best in everyone on-screen.
I never knew who Ben Stiller was born to play, but now I do.
Baumbach doesn't have much to offer besides the comfort of malaise, which dilutes the gravity, making the film's uncompromising attitude almost predictable.
Finds room for feeling among the anger ... Blooms into a study of relatable people, not just Baumbach's own issues.
How patient you'll be depends a lot on how you feel about Ben Stiller, the reigning icon of squirm-inducing weaselly boorishness. What can I say? I love the guy.
As unlikable as Roger is, Stiller finds a way to make you see past his bitterness and sympathize with his aimlessness. You don't like him, but you feel his pain.
Noah Baumbach rebounds in a big way with Greenberg, a brilliant triumph for all involved.
True to this chauvinistic genre, Gerwig is a vacuum who lives to serve the house, the man and the mechanics of Baumbach's script.
Ben Stiller uses his rather large cranium to host his character's immense ego like a sun he believes all others orbit.
Greenberg would be a heckuva movie if we could just get Greenberg out of there.
Love is just a screech away as Ben Stiller bares the soul of a crazy man who seems to like it that way.
... have conceived and brought to life a pair of character studies about two damaged people that, over a bumpy emotional road, find each other
A bore. No story. About a narcissistic, mean-spirited, depressed 40 year old.
The funniest and saddest movie Mr. Baumbach has made so far, and also the riskiest.
A lot like spending time with friends of friends that are amusing, maybe even fascinating, but ultimately really annoying
Overmedicated, and squeezing lemonade out of far too many lemons. And though there are a few upbeat surprises like a post-operative get well burger, periodic dramatic CPR is highly recommended slouching towards the credits. Pass the Prozac.
Stiller gives an affecting performance...his best dramatic turn yet.
Greenberg will do a lot for Stiller's reputation and Gerwig's profile, but its awkward, messy humanity and uncomfortable honesty won't necessarily do a lot for ticket-buyers more used to lighter, warmer and breezier entertainments.
Greenberg scintillates with intelligence, razor's-edge humor and austere empathy for its struggling lovers.
To really pull off Greenberg would require a lead performance from a master actor. The actor it stars is...Ben Stiller.
Greenberg is a nasty neurotic. Florence is a passive victim. If you're looking for someone to identify with -- well, pray you don't find one here.
The movie has the curious vagueness of intent that makes so many "meaningful" works of fiction not all that meaningful.
it has a few quiet, subtle, satisfying moments that sneak up on you from around and between the dialogue, and they make the movie worth pondering.
Gerwig is striking in the role of the unlikely ingenue, her face and body slack and impassive one moment, radiantly expressive the next, and Stiller plunges pretty fearlessly into barely redeemed unlikability.
The clashes between Roger and his old friends and bandmates shine a light on the fact that you either have to accept your lost dreams, or fight for them all over again, no matter how much your knees ache or your joints creak.
Greenberg is all about that halting, forward movement. Maybe there's no happy ending for Roger Greenberg, but there's no going back, either, and that counts as progress.
Greenberg's inconclusive last scene hints at the possibility that even the bitterest basket case stands a chance of finding someone who loves him. That's sort of my hope for this movie, too.
perceptive and very beautiful new film
Baumbach tracks Roger without glib condescension. That's why Greenberg pulls you in. Even when you laugh, like in the climactic party scene, it hurts.
In Greenberg it's sometimes difficult to figure out whether it's Roger or Baumbach who has lost his way.
Quietly, unobtrusively revealing, and pretty funny too--a shrewdly observed comic portrait of a thoroughgoing egomaniac.
Bittersweet and beautifully realized, harsh but humane, Greenberg is a self-consciously small film that nevertheless leaves an indelible mark.
As played by Ben Stiller, the character of Greenberg fails to transcend his abhorrent exterior.
An original and endearing romantic comedy about a difficult person who is trying to get unstuck from his bad habits, cynicism, and fear.
...it is Greta Gerwig that is truly the beating heart here.
Noah Baumbach's newest serio-comedy is many things, but the word that I keep coming back to is brave.
While Baumbach may not have written Roger Greenberg as his most unlikable character yet, as played by Ben Stiller that's exactly what he becomes.
Nothing good happens during the course of the movie -- and Baumbach seems to be saying, Take it or leave it. I, for one, take it.
Baumbach fails to create a compelling case for investing oneself in Greenberg's quest for self-actualization.
It's one of my favorite Stiller performances, perhaps precisely because it is such a surprisingly nuanced turn.
Greenberg only slightly misses the top flight by settling for too weak a foil.
Greenberg is a perceptive look at coming to terms with, if not entirely embracing, the life you weren't expecting and by no means wanted.
The style is observational, the drama is understated, and, when the time comes, it knocks you out with the subtlest of badda-booms.
You have to hang with it, squeezing pleasure and the occasional chuckle out of its bitter beauty where you can. It's not for everyone but it rewards those who are open to it.
This is tricky, ambiguous material, seemingly better fitted to a short literary novel than to a movie, and it could have gone wrong in a hundred ways, yet Baumbach handles it with great assurance.
American 21st century post traumatic stress and economic desolation gets filtered through the mid-life crisis of Ben Stiller's troubled character Roger Greenberg in Noah Baumbach's edgy romantic comedy that puts a premium on how we treat one another.
The main reason to see Baumbach's serio comedy of one severely flawed, neurotic New Yorker is not Ben Stiller (who's reliable) but the gorgeous-looking and talented Greta Gerwig as his masochistic love interest, who should become a star.
Although Ben Stiller's brand of nervy comic ticks can prove irritating on occasions, here he is kept in check so that the humor and the pathos shine through.




@highlight

Greenberg 's title character is harder to like than most, but Ben Stiller's nuanced performance and a darkly funny script help take the misanthropic edge off.