...the film's pinnacle example of masterful direction, as well as the abyss-like darkness of the story's creeping sense of the fruitlessness of romance, and possibly of life.
Well-acted literary period drama based on the 1834 novella La Duchesse de Langeais by Honore Balzac.
It's charged with nuance yet ultimately an exercise in compressed literary adaptation.
Visually arresting period drama finds the core of the emotional life of its characters in the debate between the duchess and the general about love. Balzac fans will delight.
Maybe even Rivette himself is a little too delicate for this ferocious, intensely focused pair. But he's fascinated by them, and ultimately, he loves them.
The Duchess of Langeais is a romantic dance of death.
Of course, it would also help if we could understand what's supposed to be so alluring about the title character, Antoinette de Langeais.
Stands with some of the best efforts of Rivette's long career.
The everyday moviegoer will find it as impenetrable as its heroine. But if you vibrate to nuances of style, if you enjoy tension gathering strength beneath terrible restraint, if you admire great acting, then you will.
The director guides the viewer through a sly consideration of near-sociopathic not-quite-lovers, one of whom finds refuge in religion, the other in romantic obsession.
If you like multi-arced episodes of Masterpiece (formerly Masterpiece Theatre), the pacing might work in this padded film. As it was, experiencing this in real time was akin to watching two snails race on a muddy track.
A remote and chilly exercise, more museum piece than movie.
Classy? Yes,
Even though it's nearly 2 1/2 hours, unfolds in flashback and derives from Balzac, then, The Duchess of Langeais is among Rivette's more succinct and approachable works.
The Duchess of Langeais is a stately costume drama of wrenching passions expressed in courtly phrases.
Jacques Rivette's Duchess of Langeais seems to me a nearly impeccable work of art -- beautiful, true, profound.
It is the ultimate in movie as pane of glass, completely un-self-conscious of its own movieness but simply an intensely focused examination of human behavior on a narrative armature.
Based on a Balzac story, Rivette's Duchess manages to be both old-fashioned in its settings and circumstances, and coolly modern in its view of thwarted passion and despair.
The movie's satisfactions are subtle, but they run deep, and there are many.
Both Jeanne Balibar and Guillaume Depardieu are quite compelling in their roles, and after about an hour, you fall into this film as completely as you'd fall into a book.
The Duchess of Langeais benefits from many New Wave innovations -- long, fluid takes and loosely organized improvisational scenes. Still, it feels like a curiously static entertainment.
The film's a minuet fetishistically repeated until either the audience or the lovers go crazy. I'd say it was a tie.
Without Rivette's usual daring or playfulness, but still a highly accomplished entry in the lazy, stagnant "costume movie" genre.
A study in 19th-century European extremes, The Duchess of Langeais may put you off at first, but its playful tone could just as easily leave you pleasantly exhausted.
In Jacques Rivette's remarkable The Duchess of Langeais, romantic devotion becomes a perverse kind of warfare, in which a lover who admits that he's in love loses the campaign.
Rivette tells the story at a length any other filmmaker would have halved.
After more than 50 years of idiosyncratic filmmaking, Rivette, who turns 80 on Saturday, is as intense and rigorous an artist as ever.
In principle, anyone who loves his open-ended sense of film performance as adventure...ought to thrill to Rivette's latest film. So why did I spend most of The Duchess of Langeais...fighting to stay awake?
A scarred war hero and a delicately placed courtesan spar amongst the moldering walls of Restoration Paris. A graceful story of love's struggles amidst a brutal social climate of denial and despair.
One of Rivette's most accessible films.
Exquisite void.
Handsomely produced and featuring fine performances, the film will travel well to festivals and art houses where audiences respond to classy period pieces with a modern sensibility.
so completely ousts love and romance as a mere act that you expect curtains to sweep in at the end.
This old-fashioned, dialogue-driven two-hander is a very long sit for anyone not already under Rivette's spell.
The Duchess of Languor might be more evocative. Faithfully lifted from the pages of Honore de Balzac, Jacques Rivette's overlong, resplendently decorative drama takes on the phlegmatic air of its character.
How a proficient practitioner of seduction tries to ensnare a Napoleonic general in her web of coquettishness in 1820s Paris.
The latest film from master French director Jacques Rivette is a masterful, multilayered, sometimes enigmatic work of dark irony, an assured tragicomedy of manners and more.
The gorgeous floorboards creak -- loudly -- in the veteran French director Jacques Rivette's fascinating drawing-room war of the sexes, The Duchess of Langeais.
Duchess of Langeais -- compared to an exhilarating neo-New Wave movie like The Witnesses -- is always dull.
The Duchess of Langeais contemplates an especially crazy case of l'amour fou.
With the simplest of means, the director Jacques Rivette has cut a path to the heart of Balzac's The Duchess of Langeais.
It may sound like silly wordplay, but this film is nothing short of rivetting.
The film is a piercing pas de deux that excoriates romance even as its doomed characters are consumed by it.
Jeanne Balibar is radiant in Antoinette's deception and self-deception that speak of and to all lovers, male as well as female.
Well acted and aesthetically attractive, the film remains by and large inert.
See it for the respectfully literal Balzac screen transcription. After all, I may have been wrong about Mr. Rivette all these years, and it would not be the first time.
Rivette's handling of this talky tale is static in the extreme.
Demonstrando uma quase reverência às origens de seu projeto, Rivette cria um roteiro que retém a natureza literária da narrativa.
Scenes move ahead in a plodding manner. Since the film's hero is supposed to be a man without charisma, he cannot rivet an audience.
Jacques Rivette, one of France's most original filmmakers, stumbles with his latest film from a novella by Honore de Balzac, a period drama set in mid-19th-century France and Italy that is stopped dead by the one-note performance of Guillaume Depardieu.
If you appreciate their acting, and enjoy the words of the battle between them - during which the duchess prevaricates until it is too late - it will seem fascinating.
The duologues between the couple seldom vary in tone: he's the doormat, and she wipes her silk slippers on him. Depardieu makes for a compelling presence, even if he's a bit one-note.
In a tale of passion, don't we want passion? Instead of Rivette's painterly pose-striking tableaux, would we not like some madness and modernism?
Severe, sometimes subdued, but ultimately fascinating.
Terrific performances by the two leads make this a far more rewarding film than the rigorous formality might suggest.
No lavish costume drama, it's instead a theatrical dissection of the spiteful games lovers play.
A rewarding and cleverly constructed experiment - but not one that is easy to enjoy or warm to. All will agree that it's a fine thing that Rivette should still be pushing the boundaries, few will actually want to watch him doing it.
Balibar delivers a supremely arch portrayal of a woman whose every gesture and expression seem calculated for effect.
The whole thing is compelling from start to finish; 'cruel ironies' doesn't even begin to describe it.
Patience, waiting, frustration, bad timing, lost opportunities - it takes a certain directorial boldness to highlight these as the principal themes of what is essentially a claustrophobic two-hander whose duration extends to nearly two and a half hours.
Slowly but expertly depicts the jousting courtship of an ill-fated love affair between a Parisian socialite and a Napoleonic war hero.






@highlight

At times plodding and dialogue heavy, The Duchess of Langeais is nevertheless an intriguing and rewarding dissection of class and gender relations.