Subtle and understated, a meditation on morality, mortality and murder that escalates into a small emotional powerhouse.
Although Jindabyne's cinematography features sweeping scenes of the Australian countryside as stunning as any of those opening shots from Brokeback Mountain, it ultimately has some bigger issues.
Less a moral dilemma than a meditation on the differences between men and women in matters of social decorum.
Intense relationship drama for adults only.
While it's most certainly not light viewing, and it's entirely devoid of 'Hollywood moments', this is a fine, intelligent, troubling film.
A whole lot of padding turns a fine enough story into a dour, wordy slog.
The film is novelistic in its nuance, in the patience of its storytelling and in the complexity of its mostly unhappy characters.
There is some great acting here, and some scenes do have an undercurrent of elemental power in them that tugs at your ankles. But the film never pulls you in.
"I do just what I want to do/ I want everything and I want you, too/I wish I could explain to you/But the things men without women do/You just don't understand."
The filmmakers do not feel the need to fill in every single blank for viewers by the time the credits roll. Just as in reality, these characters' problems are not going to be solved with the wave of a magic wand; there are no short cuts to happiness.
The movie's remaining revelations build slowly into a set of surprisingly powerful emotional beats.
Impressively directed, thoroughly engaging drama with terrific performances and a superb script. This is one of the best films of the year.
For all the pains it takes to establish mood and character, Jindabyne hides under its own uneasy surfaces; it never allows enough sense of what this community really is, of what's to be grieved when it comes apart.
Jindabyne is not about just one murder but about the death by a thousand cuts that happens in its aftermath.
Apart from a contrived ending, Jindabyne comes as close as can be to a perfect drama.
A fish tale worth telling and worth hearing.
It's safe to describe Jindabyne as a haunted movie.
A tense and spare examination of how these married people relate to each other after years of pain, mistrust and secrets have taken their toll.
The frustration here is that none of this leads anywhere. Perhaps that is the point, that some mysteries are never solved, but Jindabyne could give us a little more to work with.
So slow, cold and aloof that it's almost off-putting. As a result, it's hard to care much about what happens to any of these characters.
Thanks to Beatrix Christian's beautiful screenplay, what was once a story about the way men and women communicate has grown into a haunting study of Australian race relations and gender dynamics.
The movie is beautifully shot, and succeeds in being deeply disturbing and mysterious, with richly achieved nuances of characterisation. I have seen it two or three times now, and each time it gets better.
A work of ambition and depth. Like Lantana, it is immaculately acted and Linney and Byrne are at their considerable best.
This kind of maturity and intelligence is all too infrequent in mainstream cinema -- let's hope it's not another six years until [director] Lawrence's next film.
Jindabyne loses its general sense of direction.
With its cold brilliance and delicate aloofness, this is a movie you can hold aloft to recognize and examine its many intellectual facets in hard light, but it will never make you feel anything.
Jindabyne uses Claire and Stewart's increasingly visible and vicious upset to get at broader social and political upsets.
Clearly, in his bid to repurpose Carver's story, Lawrence misses the writer's prevailing ethos: the sense of self-contained internal misery and that haunting quality of being hopelessly human.
The solid performances and central conflict keep the film consistently, if not constantly, compelling.
A great idea is weighed down by an over-egged screenplay, but the setting and cast bring out its best.
The seamless overall blend of involving domestic turmoil and haunted national self-questioning is quite some achievement.
An affecting character study, anchored by scraped-bare and often heartbreaking performances by Laura Linney and Gabriel Byrne.
A rich, unsettling film that gives us insight into all sides and forces us to wrestle with conscience and our own brand of right and wrong. It polarizes us to make us united.
[Director] Lawrence's compelling little film pursues a deep question: why people make the choices that they do - and how they then live with those decisions, right or wrong, weak or strong.
The resolution Jindabyne eventually offers feels small and safe. The movie goes out with a whimper.
Thankfully, Linney and Byrne are so good, so absolutely mesmerizing, many of these flaws can be at least partially overlooked thanks to them.
Jindabyne is an eventful movie, but director Ray Lawrence gives the events a simple, plainspoken quality.
[Director] Lawrence certainly knows how to bait his audience with intriguing characters.
There's lots of talk about kharma without mentioning the word, and a major theological debate on transmigration of souls, which surprisingly, isn't boring at all.
The film's sensitive treatment of the domestic issues at the center of the story goes far to make up for the more problematic passages.
Easy to admire but considerably harder to enjoy.
Intelligent, superbly acted and finely observed, but Jindabyne suffers from too many extraneous elements and from a story that doesn't land with enough force or purpose.
A slow, complex tale about how people live together, and about the rituals and relationships that constitute community.
It's hard not to admire the film's confidence in making the story its own, and Ms. Linney, a mix of iron will and emotional fragility, delivers her usual complex performance.
Throughout Jindabyne, I felt completely creeped out. From the disturbing opening to images of children killing animals, adults abusing each other, and a corpse, the viewing experience was unpleasant.
Lawrence and Christian have the luxury of more time to explore [the story], but instead they merely add several external, superficial elements that misunderstand and circumvent the story's center.
There are no easy answers in the film and it provides a welcome relief from the horror and action films that are filling the multiplexes. Jindabyne tackles adult topics in a subtle and intriguing manner.
Too many extraneous elements have been added but at the movie's center lies the knotty story of a marriage poisoned by amorality.
Though Linney is the standout, short-shrift should not be given to the rest of the cast, whose roles might be smaller but they're the ones who add a little color to this otherwise dreary vista.
The issues raised in Jindabyne %u2013 race hatred and prejudice and opposing those antisocial acts %u2013 resonate on a world level.
Jindabyne is wonderfully acted by Laura Linney and Gabriel Byrne, two first-rate performers working close to the bone and concerned foremost with making an audience understand their characters, as opposed to merely liking them.
Shows that even in a supposedly 'tidy town,' people still experience things and make decisions that can only be justified by saying, 'Well, you had to be there.'
Lawrence ... manages to keep the material compelling throughout ... .
The director too often errs on the side of embellishing details that didn't need to be expanded upon.
Slow but mesmerizing.
Jindabyne ends up shushing itself out of any emotional wallop. Restraint is a necessity if you're trying to express Carver's singular voice, but there's a difference between being quietly devastating and muting your narrative to death.
Jindabyne musters all the emotional momentum of a reflecting pool despite a solid cast and fertile premise.
Lawrence shows the ways in which such deep and often barely concealed gulfs between seemingly peacefully cohabitating peoples can suddenly reveal themselves during moments of public crisis.
Only the third feature film Lawrence has directed since the surreal black comedy cult favorite Bliss (1985), Jindabyne marks yet another triumph for the director.
Gabriel Byrne is the fisherman who won't interrupt his trip; Laura Lin ney is the wife who finds his actions hard and, finally, horrifying to comprehend. And for the most part it works.
The film is two plodding hours of people abusing themselves, their livers, a corpse, each other and even small animals. Most abused of all is the audience.
Linney, in particular, is heartbreaking.
We live on the fault line along with these characters, and it is an experience that is not easy to shake off.
Most of the new ideas grow naturally enough out of the original material. But they almost invariably amplify Carver's bleak worldview, and in a film that runs for more than two hours, that adds up to an oppressive sit.
A sobering and serious Australian movie that touches the deep places in us that are haunted and colored by love, loss, community, and grief.
Aussie filmmaker Ray Lawrence's debt to Robert Altman in his previous Lantana is made explicit in his new film Jindabyne.
It's not just that the clean, efficient lines of Carver's story are blurred and tangled. The real flaw is that the movie's best features -- the aching clarity of its central performances - threaten to be lost in a wilderness of metaphor and mystification.
powerful, unsettling
Jindabyne started with a bad idea and the finished film doesn't do well by it, despite the presence of Laura Linney, Gabriel Byrne and several excellent Australian actors.
Such is the inherent power of the Carver material that Jindabyne rises above its polemics.
For all its roiling tensions, Jindabyne is an oddly antiseptic, even repressed, experience.
Jindabyne wears its class politics lightly, weaving them into a ghost story about the intimate connection between how we treat our living and our dead that will hover around your shoulders long after you leave the theater.
Jindabyne requires patience, but the payoff is rewarding.
The result is a mature and challenging motion picture, and something that will stick with viewers after the screen has gone dark.
A soberly, if sluggishly, crafted movie in which the bitterness never stops.
The subplot is the basic difference between men and women, how they handle relationships, and how they handle crises. Probably not a film for everyone, but I enjoyed it.
Could have been tightened up and shortened to be a much stronger film, and it's surprisingly unsatisfying as a whole.
By the end of his films- this idiosyncratic style, complex plotting, and core values about intimacy produce a combination of exhaustion, well-being, and a bit of unease. At the conclusion of "Jindabyne," while Lawrence's torturous journey has given more
Scene by scene, Jindabyne has dramatic force, but it's an awfully long slog. Carver's smartest tactic was never outstaying his welcome.
Jindabyne is that rare film mixing suspense and melodrama, social commentary and spirituality.
Jindabyne can't contain all that the filmmakers want to throw in. Best to keep glued to the taut performance by Laura Linney as Claire, wife of one of the fishermen (Gabriel Byrne) and a woman moved to dramatic acts of atonement.
Murder isn't allowed to become a distraction. Consequently, with all its haunting moodiness, moral alarm bells and relational issues, the film isn't much more than the unexpanded short story it derives from.
What could have been a solid, noirish thriller is bogged down by excessive incidents.
Second version of Raymond Carver's story (the first was in Altman's Short Cuts) transplants the text to Australia, paying greater attention to issues of race and gender, though Ray Lawrence's approach is too detached and his pacing too measured.
Despite a glacial exterior, this fine film holds us in its relentless grip.
[Jindabyne] accomplished and impressive but if it has a frustration, it's that finally it is less than it seems.
There's no denying its technical bravado and the haunting power of its subject.
Director Ray Lawrence captures in Jindabyne both the intimacy of the lives of married people and the broader fabric of a community -- and the soap-bubble fragility of our perceptions of our lovers, friends and neighbors.
t's a thoughtful, bracing drama in the mould of Lawrence's much-decorated Lantana.
There's something dreadfully wrong when the picture shows signs of completely misunderstanding, or choosing to ignore, the dead moral centre of Carver's story. Why, then, bother to adapt it?
A 24-page short story stretched into a 123-minute film.
...generally comes off as an overwrought and flat-out silly piece of work.
A coiled and enigmatic psychodrama that cements Australian director Ray Lawrence's standing as a fine, if not prolific, filmmaker.
Technically excellent in every department, the film tells the story with great verve and at a well judged pace, but the strong emotional content seems to stay on the screen, without translating to the deeply moving experience we hanker for.
Jindabyne never obtains the full impact of its potentially powerful inner core.






@highlight

Jindabyne's disparate themes may not quite cohere, but the film features fine performances from Linney and Byrne.