What is certain is that the documentary is not interested in the people of color involved in the case.
Rather, beneath the film's superficial status as a simple, factual summary of events, lies a tongue-in-cheek, cutting and ultimately chilling critique of sensationalism, selfishness and self-delusion.
... fundamental sensationalism bubbling under a patina of seriousness, exemplified by cocoon-like, squarely composed, quasi-Errol Morris interview sessions...
The powerful new documentary "Amanda Knox" emphasizes the spike in awareness of sexism just since 2007.
Amanda Knox has been gussied up with dramatic music and slow-motion camera effects that reinforce the notion that it is entertainment. This, of course, is an insult to the memory of Kercher, who died horribly and is dead forever.
Eventually, the missing pieces -- and the Amanda Knox case is undoubtedly one of missing pieces -- outshine the compelling elements the doc does provide (again, Amanda Knox! as primary talking head!), leaving audiences only wanting more.
Directors Rod Blackhurst and Brian McGinn do a good job of keeping things balanced and of illustrating the ways in which sensationalism can be misleading.
Compelling true-crime story.
Amanda Knox constantly toys with the idea of viewer perception and pre-conceived notions, knowing that even the smallest glance or crack in one's voice can be interpreted to "prove" innocence or guilt -- depending on what you want to believe.
For a viewer who chose to avoid the salacious, never-ending TV and tabloid coverage of its namesake, Amanda Knox makes for succinct, involving viewing.
It is a film that will arouse more tension and suspense than the other works of action and mayhem out this period.
Docu on sensationalized murder trial has graphic depictions.
While [the documentarians] deserve plaudits for convincing Knox to talk to them, they hardly miss a chance, themselves, to exploit both her looks and her tears.
I - somebody with only minor knowledge of the case beforehand - could drive a truck through some of the implications that they present as stone cold proof of her innocence. And I don't drive.
An interesting introduction to (or reminder of) Amanda Knox's story following the murder of her flatmate Meredith Kercher, but it doesn't have the depth of other recent true-crime investigations.
Amanda Knox will provide enough for examination die-hards to go out and learn more about Knox's story after watching it, but this feature definitely won't turn as many heads as fellow Netflix murder investigations like Making a Murderer or Dear Zachary.
The point of Amanda Knox isn't to determine whether or not Knox and Sollecito were guilty, rather it analyzes how they became swept up in this media circus in the first place.
Amanda Knox is put together like a sleek thriller - complete with a grizzled, I'm-too-old-for-this-s#!t lead investigator who likes 'detective movies', and can be found, guilt-ridden, in cathedrals, often with a forgotten pipe dangling from his mouth.
Damning.
For such a sedate film, Amanda Knox achieves a surprisingly moving climax.
As an indictment of a number of institutions than failed dismally in their mission to uncover the truth about who killed her, Amanda Knox is sharp, and frequently enraging.
"Amanda Knox" will not answer any questions surrounding the mystery of Meredith Kercher's murder - but the documentary will stay with audiences long after its 92 minute run time.
The complexities of the arrests and investigation are too much to go into here, but "Amanda Knox" does a good job of laying them out.
A well-made, accomplished piece of filmmaking that illuminates how something like this could happen to anyone.
A documentary that mixes investigation of a criminal case with the denunciation of the double standard that affect women. [Full review in Spanish]
The result is sympathetic to Knox and leaves you with plenty to ponder.
You don't have to remember the gutter headlines inspired by its namesake to find the true-crime documentary "Amanda Knox" completely riveting.
Those with a bent for true-crime yarns in the vein of the all-conquering Serial podcast or series such as The Jinx or Making a Murderer will be riveted by the comprehensive coverage laid out here.
Different viewers will come to different conclusions, but without doubt this strong documentary sheds a powerful light on this particular case while emphasizing the ultimate unknowability of absolute truth.
What you end up with are portraits of individuals - people who are scared or angry or ambitious - all a part of a story that, from the start, ignored their humanity.
Knox was a naive 20-year-old when this nightmare happened, deprived of proper legal advice and in a state of shock which was wilfully misinterpreted. Her ordeal is over; the Kercher family's continues.
The documentary wants viewers to believe her. That's easy to do because the evidence is clear, but it doesn't make the story itself any less harrowing or fascinating.
It's an astounding but subtly illuminating documentary about how women are condemned for having normal interests and urges.
Like too many recent documentaries, Blackhurst and McGinn's is filled with missed opportunities.
Blackhurst and McGinn do a vise-tightening job with the unpacking the facts as we now know them, as we never knew them (including rarely seen court documents and police video), and as they were originally distorted beyond all reason.
Knox, now 29, is extensively quoted in the documentary, which reveals no new information about the case
McGinn and Blackhurst have instead assembled an insightful procedural that functions as a meta-commentary on our obsession with true crime.
'Amanda Knox' isn't a great true crime movie, but it'll do 'till the next great one comes along.
Netflix adds another outstanding documentary to their lineup with Amanda Knox, a true crime dive that would make Errol Morris proud.
It's a carefully balanced and frightening film with Knox a terrifyingly unknowable character at the grisly centre.
The highlight of this documentary are the interviews with the alleged perpetrators of the crime leaving the audience to question their responsibility. [Full review in Spanish]
Knox bares her soul for the cameras in Amanda Knox, which achieves what all that media overexposure never tried to do all those years ago: It makes her seem human.
In many respects, Knox is no more sympathetic a figure than she was nine years ago, but perhaps the film allows us to be no longer blinded by all the fury that surrounded the case.
The film captures how the unreality of tabloid journalism has slid through digital portals into the mainstream, becoming part of the toxic air of misinformation that we all now breathe.

@highlight

Amanda Knox honors its subject with an absorbing -- if slightly incomplete -- look at the details and troubling implications of her arrest and subsequent fight for freedom.