Director Adam Leon probes the offbeat corners and rhythms of New York life. In doing so, he also subtly captures the textures of its society, language and hidden economies in a sweetly optimistic street romance.
Gimme the Loot may scare off future visitors to New York City, but it'll certainly make those who grew up there homesick as hell.
At once a breath of fresh air and nostalgically old skool, this toys with issues of race, class and gender but manages to wear its authenticity with an unusually light touch.
The duo's harmless, and ordinary thrill ride through the subway stations runs out of steam.
A film brimming with so much life and mischief that it left me in an almost insufferably good mood for days afterwards. I didn't want it to end.
Amid all the copycatting and pricey bombast and genericness, here's a movie that looks like it hails from a real place; whose characters sound like they come from somewhere; whose stakes are stresslessly low.
Watching this film reminded me a bit of 'Friends,' the funny TV show where nothing ever happens. Here, there is a lot of activity, but nothing much is accomplished, except for the creation of a funny, entertaining movie.
What gets this slight episodic film to first base is the likability shown by the non-professional leads.
When the next American new wave rolls around, it'll be thanks to moments like these, and movies like Gimme the Loot.
Full of ear-pleasing lines and obscure R&B tunes, it's colourful, casual and full of flavour. An unexpected treat.
Every bit as charming and joyful as it is profane, affectionately portraying a slice of life that feels both exotic and recognizable.
Has the mischievous energy and vivid sense of place that distinguished an earlier era of New York cinema...
First-time feature director Adam Leon's shots are precise and full of detail.
The film's strong suit is its use of locations.
The film is episodic and determinedly offbeat, funny at its best, boring at its worst.
Shot on the streets of New York in a loose, freeform style, this lively comedy-drama feels somewhat underdeveloped, leaving us doubtful about its realism.
It's a great deal of fun, emotionally touching, and even surprisingly old-fashioned.
Some of the movie doesn't exactly convince, and some of the scenes have an actors-improv feel to them, but there's always plenty of humour and energy.
Endlessly entertaining, refreshingly light-hearted and bursting with summer soul, Gimme The Loot joins the pantheon of great New York movies.
It's a shaggy dog story with a certain amount of charm but not nearly enough drama.
Isn't cinema wonderful?
The movie is unpolished, and it matters not a jot, because Leon has written super roles for these kids and invests their relationship with such sly feeling.
Hickson walks the line between bravado and vulnerability, while Washington has a charisma, spark and beauty that should ensure this won't be the last we see of her.
Bolstered by a low-key but assured aesthetic and a soundtrack of vintage soul and doo-wop, the film is infectiously enjoyable, with frequently amusing insights and an affable shagginess.
Out of nowhere, Adam Leon might just have delivered the first great New York film of the decade.
Charming and engaging low-budget indie with a witty script, likeable characters, a strong sense of time and place and a pair of terrific performances from its two young leads.
'Gimme the Loot' is ... meandering and a little shallow. And even at 79 minutes it feels a little too long for what's essentially the film equivalent of a short story.
Funny and freewheeling, it's a joy.
A slim, low-budget coming-of-age tale whose richness lies entirely in its interstices. A keenly observed work that celebrates the unfettered joys of youth, and rewards by reminding of the power of a simple tale told well.
A thousand-watt jolt of mischief, a spunky, funky, ebullient indie that packs its 81 minutes with cinematic exhilaration.
Simultaneously real and hopeful, "Loot" has almost no plot, but when the setting is so fresh and the characters feel so raw and alive, who needs one?
Ghetto laughs with a sophisticated point of view.
It may be a slight movie, but it has its sunny charms.
A movie about teenage taggers in the Bronx should be fast and raw, scruffy and loose, and Adam Leon's Gimme the Loot is just that.
As it lopes along, the movie offers a warm but very sharp portrait of New York's have-nots and their uneasy relationship with the haves.
...a magical, summery treat.
"Gimme the Loot" shouldn't be as appealing and exuberant as it is, it really shouldn't.
Tashiana Washington and Ty Hickson are terrific in the main roles. So is Zoë Lescaze as Ginnie, a spoiled white kid who teaches the taggers a thing or two about drift and being dissolute.
Small but bursting with energy.
There's barely enough narrative to sustain even an 81-minute picture, yet a sweet spirit buoys this quick-witted, amiably foul-mouthed indie.
This is a simple, meandering, slice-of-life indie film that feels more authentic than most "gritty" New York films with infinitely larger budgets.
Promotes robbery and can't be serious in expecting us to care whether Malcolm and Sofia become more than friends.
The idea is good but the result is saccharine; the movie plays more like an outline that's still awaiting its point of view.
The winner of the Indie Spirit 'One to Watch' award could never work again and will always have a memorable New York City film to his credit.
An impressive debut feature, Gimme the Loot is also an unusual take on characters who want to leave their stamp on "the city that never sleeps."
Much more grownup than it looks, Gimme the Loot is that rare teen-centric film whose brisk pace is unburdened by sentimentality.
... 'Gimme the Loot' isn't the kind of film where a lot happens, but that's it's small-scale magic ...
Writer-director Adam Leon has crafted a classic New York story, a film imbued with the fast rhythms and muggy sensations of city life during the summer.
"Gimme the Loot" winds up as a shaggy-dog story built largely out of digressions, but the punch line is tender, as is Leon's attitude toward being young and poor in New York.
A warm and wonderfully discursive slice-of-life story, with an emphasis on language and local color and a great feel for the longings of working-class adolescents.
Sofia is intense and unsmiling, while Malcolm is a charming, goofy chatterbox, and they make a vivid impression, even without spray paint.
Director Adam Leon, 31, has slyly and reverentially crafted a perfect New York movie, including the class tensions, relentless hustling and spontaneous connections that best define the exuberant strain of the city.
Want a bracing alternative to the usual Hollywood swill? Try Gimme the Loot, a fresh, funky jolt of filmmaking joy.
Gimme The Loot has an energy that's been missing from independent film lately. It's not dreary or quirky; not excessively stylish or stubbornly formless.
Adam Leon has created something unique and current, with affectionate nods to New York films of the past.
It's a triumph of the underdog in more ways than one. And that final shot would make Ozu beam.
Leon's grungy résumé indie is a modest deal, with a sweet, mumblecore-style ending, but it glows with unmistakable star power.
Like the graffiti art it documents, it's a lovingly handmade affair.
Led by his two charismatic young lead actors, Adam Leon's Gimme the Loot is an almost compulsively endearing film about two tough-talking teenagers in the Bronx.
I see so many independent movies that sometimes, when an indie movie comes along that really is independent -- that is to say, when it offers up a fresh new way of seeing -- I blink twice.
There's a certain last-act development that feels a bit forced considering this otherwise relaxed tone, but it's hard to bear a grudge when the rest of the film is pulled off with such naturalistic grace.
Gimme the Loot is a slice of lo-fi filmmaking by a promising new talent that refreshingly shifts focus onto the everyday lives of two aspirational young people from a world that's seldom given prominence in film.
Charmingly lackadaisical.
It's a simple film, but an artfully executed one, and it succeeds precisely because it demands very little from the audience.
Does it sound patronizing to call a slice-of-life film about teenage Bronx graffiti artists adorable? It's not meant to.
A nose-to-the-ground portrait of two believably aspirational protagonists and their constant hustle to make good on the movie's eponymous demand.
The stakes may be low, but the experience is authentic ...


@highlight

Thanks to energetic performances from its young leads, Gimme The Loot captures a slice of city life with warmth and exuberance.