Stunningly beautiful, but too intense for little kids.
The very definition of harmless, watchable entertainment. Exactly whether or not that is good enough depends on who you are.
I defy any animal lover not to tear up with Kumal and Sangha reunite, even if it is a little faux.
It's that rare kind of comedy -- simple humor based on personalities, behavior, and folly .... rather than forced through crass punchlines or annoying sidekicks.
[A] heartbreaking fable of friendship, family ties, and the human impact on the natural world...
Annaud's methods are misleading which undermine his admirable intent.
A fun, thoughtful, resourceful adventure for the whole family.
The overall quality and timelessness of Two Brothers will guarantee it a long future.
As with The Bear much of the plot is carried by animal photography, though this film has considerably more human plot. A good family film, and a moving experience.
This is a family movie on a grand scale, enhanced by lush cinematography and throbbing music, with a minimum of dialogue and an endless assortment of thrills.
It's undoubtedly good-natured, old-fashioned family entertainment, but Two Brothers never quite manages to strike a successful balance between fantasy and reality.
Noteworthy because it represents a kind of fevered moviemaking insanity that we rarely see these days.
The kind of movie that kids used to flock to on Saturday afternoons in the forties and fifties.
Although the lulled pacing of Two Brothers could put an insomniac in slumber land, the film's leading felines are more captivating than most high-paid Hollywood stars.
Watching Kumal and Sangha, some viewers may even be reminded of lines from Blake's famous poem 'The Tyger': 'What immortal hand or eye/Could frame thy fearful symmetry?'
Teems with life and a rather beautiful simplicity when Annaud focuses squarely on the tiger cubs - but then the humans come crashing in to make a mess of things.
I was put off by the way the movie anthropomorphizes the tigers.
Please take your family to see this rare and marvelous movie.
The tigers are roaring but the movie is boring
Annaud's tigers are benign.
[It's] a marvel of filmmaking.
Younger viewers won't mind the predictable plot; others willing to overlook the film's flaws will be rewarded by thrilling glimpses into tigers' lives.
This film is a pure delight and is great viewing for young and old alike.
Two Brothers features some amazing wildlife cinematography and those great, almost human performances by the thirty or so tigers that were used to make the film.
... one of the most amazing animal adventure fables ever captured on film.
There's something awfully disturbing about Two Brothers, and it's not the fact that Guy Pearce is in it.
The rare family film that doesn't talk down to audiences, yet never as gripping or moving as one anticipates.
The tiger cub actors are really precious. The same can't be said of the human actors or the script.
Yes, the animals are the stars. But there's nothing cutesy about "Two Brothers," an often saddening but entertaining tale with tigers as its stars.
I would have gladly volunteered to lead all the tigers participating in this movie directly into the wilds, just to stop them 'acting' in this slow-moving, heavy-handed drama.
Pearce and the rest of the human actors seem to be an afterthought, but the film is beautiful, the grown tigers majestic and the cubs utterly adorable.
The movie can be taken as quality children's entertainment ... But the film offers much more than that.
Impeccably well-crafted, kid-friendly and downright cuddly.
A beautiful film, but it's also a troubled one.
Two Brothers may not be a great movie, but it's an unusually diverting episode of Wild Kingdom.
I don't know if people will still watch movies like Two Brothers, but I'm glad someone is still making them.
Brothers can't avoid the sappy Disney touches -- even though it comes from Universal.
The kids are going to love it.
Two Brothers isn't a sequel to the 1988 nature hit The Bear, yet it feels like one. It suffers from the lack of inspiration that plagues many second chapters, and it attempts to broaden the original concept to diminished effect.
You don't have to be a cat-lover to fall in love with the cuddly young tigers who star in Two Brother.
Although special effects and careful editing pitch in, the wild-kingdom authenticity on display is an astonishing achievement.
It is a good thing the tigers at the center of Two Brothers give such strong performances. Without them, the movie would be a lifeless bore.
Two Brothers is the kind of movie that makes me optimistic for the future of family films.
Whenever Annaud focuses on the tigers, the wordless action is beautifully shot and amazing to watch.
If you've seen Annaud's 1989 film The Bear, you'll know what to expect.
A magnificent spectacle that transcends movie genres.
Two Brothers is not as brilliant as Annaud's triumphant 1989 nature film The Bear, but it is still a magical family adventure.
Two Brothers is an odd crossbreed: documentary-style nature film, broad comedy, environmental sermon and Disney wannabe. But the awesome aww-power of its irresistible tiger cubs smooths its unevenness.
There are a few cute 'n' cuddly moments -- all nonhuman, mind you -- and, this being a kids movie, there's little doubt that everything will be okay in the end. But boy, getting to that end is a real bear.
Those looking for a heartwarming, funny and adventurous story about wild animals will certainly find it in Two Brothers.
An enjoyable, Kipling-esque adventure.
One of the better live-action, family-oriented dramas in recent memory.
Two Brothers isn't perfect, but it brings us close to tigers in ways that allow us to observe their behavior.
There is a lot in Two Brothers I admire. Families will not go wrong in attending this film. Some kids will think it's one of the best movies they've seen. My objections are of a sort that won't occur, I realize, to many of the viewers.
The human behavior in Brothers remains problematic, but the tiger siblings of the title rule the screen each time they appear.
Jean-Jacques Annaud finds what comes across as genuine emotion and complex thought processes in the beautiful faces of his lead stars.
The Bear was a little too cutesy for my taste, but director Jean-Jacques Annaud gets the tone right this time.
I'm amazed it's even possible to make an incredible movie like this.
As he did with The Bear, Annaud captures expressions on the animals' faces, distinct looks in their eyes: fear, resignation, love, contentment, rage.
Annaud once again harnesses a knack for telling a largely dialogue-free story with mesmerizing, all-natural acting performances from animals.
It doesn't help the actors that the tigers have all the good lines.
Forget about all those fake CGI critters that have become the norm as of late ... Annaud's approach is so retro that it's practically progressive.
"Two Brothers" is a wildly emotional, surprisingly delightful story of persecution, devotion and the triumphant determination of love.
An especially picturesque jungle fairytale
Loses its 'family film' lustre with all the tiger killing/cruelty, but manages to redeem itself in the end...recommended only as a rental.
Sentimental but openly corny.
Works best when showing the animals in nature, not dwelling on the cruelty they are forced to endure. There's an awful lot of tiger killing for an animal-lover movie.
Annaud's skill and subtlety elevate what is basically a fable-like throwback to the sort of live-action features Disney made in the 50s... so far the year's best family film.
Astonishingly dreadful.
It is merely OK -- tedious for long stretches, but lovely and guileless the rest of the time.
It's either a children's movie for adults or an adult movie for children, with scenes to dazzle kids and others that could make them fidgety, though never to 'I wanna go hoooomme' extremes.
The animals outact the humans by a considerable margin, but since more attention is given to them, the picture gets by as solid, old-fashioned family entertainment.
Works as an engrossing outdoor adventure and quasi-documentary.
If you're familiar with [Annaud's] previous work you can accurately guess this venture's strengths and weaknesses.
The story never reaches the heart-pounding heights that Mr. Annaud so obviously intended, but there is both sentiment and fun along the way, and the feline brethren move with expected grace and majesty.
wears its conservationist heart on its sleeve but that is not such a bad thing for enlightening family entertainment
The final confrontation...is suspenseful and ironic...[but] the filmmaker should have shown more responsibility in depicting Raoul's interaction with his former pet
When it comes to live-action animal dramas, no one does them quite like Jean-Jacques Annaud.
Director Jean-Jacques Annaud has done it again--a film that delights, saddens, gives hope and fully captures the spirit of the majestic tiger.
A family-friendly movie made for the same audience that likes to imagine talking animals.
It's refreshing to see an animal movie in which the animals don't talk, sing or cooperate in the marketing of fast-food restaurants.
[A] spectacularly beautiful movie.
While The Bear was an admirable, simple, straightforward drama, Two Brothers has more the flavor of a childhood fable.
Two Brothers feeds your hunger for PETA-friendly entertainment without sending you into a diabetic coma.
Virtuoso examples of manipulative editing and fabricated narrative.
It's an unabashed feel-good film, but a surprisingly intelligent one that honestly earns each smile and every tender moment.
The animal action is often gripping and suspenseful.
There's something simple yet miraculous about watching these beautiful animals interact with the wild and each other, even if their actions are being manipulated for the sake of drama.
A terrific family film.
Anyone older than 12 can figure out what's going to happen, but the movie still packs an emotional punch that will keep adults entertained as much as the young ones.
This is the story of magnificent creatures gorgeously photographed in a story that is quietly told and genuinely touching.
Two Brothers is OK, but not the family friendly fare you think it is.
Everyone loves tigers, save perhaps for those actually being mauled to death by them.
A fine example of one of cinema's most endangered species -- an animal movie with a great script.
Speaks eloquently to old-fashioned ideas of love, loyalty and decency.
An extraordinary film about two wild tigers and the human beings who are changed irreparably by their encounters with these magnificent and mysterious creatures.
Two Brothers is not just family fare or a film for animal-lovers: it's a wondrous, beautiful journey for anyone who appreciates good movies and interesting stories.
Two Brothers is like a children's book come to life, and it's this summer's "family film" to beat.
if you sided more with the tiger in the Siegfried and Roy mauling, this is definitely the film for you.
Returning to the territory of his 1989 hit The Bear, Jean-Jacques Annaud delivers another refreshingly mature fable of bestial devotion.
Animal-loving kids will think it's lovely, but it's only a mildly diverting time-waster for the rest of us.
A stunning, visually spectacular fable - and those wondrous little tiger cubs are irresistible.
Stunning animal photography.
Its dramatic success seems to derive largely from putting the inhabitants of separate worlds into a context where both belong.
Annaud and his deft production team create believable dramatic characters without compromising the dignity of the animals they've borrowed as stars.
A strong tiger-centered story drives this endearing drama which takes cute and runs with it, climbs up trees with it, sucks your thumbs with it.
Charms when the quadripeds stalk the action but creaks when the bipeds open their mouths.
The actors play it straight, clearly aware that the tigers are the stars.
While audiences will gasp at the audacity of using real animals instead of drawings, the tale behind the technical achievement is stale and outmoded.






@highlight

A charming family-friendly movie with stunning cinematography.