The newest Luc Besson film delivers stunning visuals that make you feel like your eyes have taste buds and you are a foodie at a Gastro bar in Brooklyn. Unfortunately, the screenplay makes you want to ask for the check immediately.
Luc Besson has solidified his status as a fantastic sci-fi maestro with Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets.
Valerian was pretty, but it's a mess.
...a big, bright celebration of love and diplomacy among the shimmering poop-pearls of the outer reaches of the universe.
There is no soul, and no heart to the story. A good sci-fi is never merely about the effects, it's about the plot, character and thoughts they bring to life, all of which Valerian lacks in abundance.
Other than the lead actors - and I am sad to report that both DeHaan and Delevingne are miscast - the film is almost primarily recreated digitally.
Doubles down on visual grandeur to such a scale that despite how frustratingly flawed and occasionally downright abysmal the storytelling is, the summer blockbuster is one that absolutely needs to be seen on the big screen
...great-looking but awful.
After a brilliant opening sequence and some beautiful early scenes set on the planet Mul with is stunningly realised Pearl people, things speed up like a formula one race and never let up.
The real attractions are Bresson's dizzying special effects, hosts of bizarre alien creatures and colorful worlds. Too bad the visuals weren't tethered to something more solid.
Besson's cinematic adaptation is as much a spectacle as it is a stinker.
Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets is a supremely indulgent mess of a film
This is a fun, cool, wild ride.
The visual sugar-high never killed anyone, and as far as escapist blockbusters go, Valerian and The City of A Thousand Planets is as imaginative and spectacular as they come.
If the result is problematic, we need more people like Besson to push the envelope and refuse to adhere to the current sequelitis infesting the industry. The fact that he decided to take this risk should be acknowledged.
This may make sense to fans of the French comic-book series on which it is based, but it's so disappointing.
so many empty entertainment calories.
Thing is, every time I had to focus on the two main characters, the noticeable holes in all of this started to grow bigger and become more bothersome.
The film is pretty, but it is sorely lacking in substance.
Like the vast expanses of space, this film seems to drag on forever.
What trips it up more than questionable casting or even stunted dialogue is the epically confused narrative.
Though visually enticing, Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets is bogged down by a bloated script and poorly written characters.
Simply amusing, crazy, and for its undeniable extravagance, one of the best movies of the year. [Full review in Spanish]
The story goes out of the director's hands, who had no luck in choosing his protagonist. [Full review in Spanish]
The anticipated and ambitious film by Luc Besson is not exactly what we expected. [Full review in Spanish]
A kind of video of exhibition to show the HD quality of the televisions of the future... and nothing more. [Full review in Spanish]
Fun, dynamic and with a story of incipient love that works perfectly to guide each one of the actions of its protagonists. [Full review in Spanish]
Gleefully demonstrates that a barely convincing narrative and nearly two hours of sci-fi spectacle can still entertain.
The film goes from something extremely original and fun, to a much more predictable and traditional product. [Full review in Spanish]
It's unlikely another movie this year will match the concise and entertaining construction Besson chronicles here.
It has more aesthetic stimuli in each pixel than there are stars in the sky; It's a pity that leaves the impression of a cosmic landscape drawn with brush strokes. [Full review in Spanish]
One of the worst animated films ever made. [Full review in Spanish]
Those of us who loved The Fifth Element will get exactly what we've been missing with Valerian. It's a delight.
The best kind of big -budget sci-fi action filmmaking, large scale and exciting enough to go head to head with the competition of superhero movies, yet unique in its features to separate it from the pack.
As far as presenting elaborately garish spectacle, the film is an absolute triumph.
Despite the bright lights of it all, the progression of the plot fails.
Colourful, [quirky] and cool, full of sublime design, eccentric set-pieces and easy-going humour ... Delevingne hits her beats with aplomb.
If you're after light entertainment, heavy spectacle and a tinge of crazy cinematic magic, Valerian will deliver.
It's an enjoyable mess. Like all modern fantasy based on computer-generated technique, it confuses movement and action.
Its visual spectacle has to be applauded ... but its all just too much pretty tinsel on a dead Christmas tree.
the sort of overflowing, eye-watering, glaringly intense aesthetic that might make Hieronymus Bosch or Willy Wonka say: whoa man, too much, too much, let's tone it down a bit.
Fast-paced, incomprehensibly futuristic, epic indulgence...
While it rather lacks the humour and soul of Element, this is still quite an experience and even, dare it be said, a trip.
Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets is absolute nonsense like no other ... but with an actual sense of humour. It's beautifully realised, highly imaginative and creative, yet has goofy performances and a script that revels in its cheesiness.
I would usually be more than ready to endorse a film that presented little more than a surfeit of eye-popping visuals, but liking a movie shouldn't require this much effort.
Besson loves messing around with time and space.
French populist Luc Besson delivers a delirious, crazily plotted, visually over-loaded science-fiction fantasy epic clearly designed to top the whackiness of his 1997 film The Fifth Element.
An unrepeatable experience, a brilliant plastic feast especially throughout its first act. [Full review in Spanish]
Were there an award for the most encouraging start to a movie which then turns out to be a crashing disappointment, Valerian And The City Of A Thousand Planets would be a strong nominee.
Disappointingly, Valerian falls into the trap of constantly trying to dazzle with CGI spectacle, the bombardment of information quickly becoming a mind-numbing chore to look at in 3D.
[An] erratic movie experience that can only be described as an Avatar that doesn't 'av-a-clue'.
[Valerian] istoo much of a feast for the senses to be a bad movie, but it has too little A-game Besson to be a good one.
Very French and very thin.
As an unbridled, madcap explosion of colour and imagination, it's unbeatable.
A hallucinogenic pop culture bomb. Besson makes his film a celebration of adventure on screen. [Full review in Spanish]
The story begins well and keeps your attention for the first 30 minutes, after that point begins a decline that leads you to an appointment with Morpheus. [Full review in Spanish]
A cinematic bubble gum that explodes in loud and colorfull way. [Full review in Spanish]
Valerian and the City Of a Thousand Planets plays like a psychedelic joy ride through the cinematic universe -- with nods to Star Wars, Blade Runner and Avatar amongst others. But it lacks any kind of narrative compass.
The city of the title, a vast space station where beings from a thousand planets coexist, may be a nice concept, but Besson's two central characters are probably the least witty people in the whole place.
Spectacle, for sure, seems to be the word of the day and Valerian does deliver on that front.
This film won't be troubling awards season. Unless they're handing out Oscars for leading eyebrows.
The French filmmaker's vast space opera is frustratingly contrary: it's diversionary instead of dynamic, convoluted instead of creative, and waspish instead of witty.
Besson might have been aiming for an astral fantasy in the vein of Avatar, but he ended up with something closer to the workmanlike galactic ripping yarn of John Carter.
New shorthand for bloated, empty big screen science fiction.
Valerian is like watching a cartoon on a drunken ferry trip.
A well-intencioned message about forgiveness in the face of inhuman militarism, but the director gets lost in his own chaos, giving priority to the artifice and taking predictable narrative shortcuts devoid of emotion. [Full review in Spanish]
It's all rather messy, but there's plenty of comedy and adventure to hold the interest, plus some offbeat romance and a hint of present-day politics.
Brace for impact: Luc Besson's frenetic space fantasy runs out of warp factor.
It may buzz with energy and unspool at a breathless pace but originality is not one of its strengths.
[It has] a lethargic, lurching narrative that bounces between trailer-ready effects set pieces, and then scrambles, in a truly desperate final act, for something resembling meaning, depth and emotional connection.
Worth seeing, but send the plot on a postcard to the usual address please.
Besson excels at driving home his message of the importance of unity while all appears to be crumbling around with a childlike enthusiasm that matches the giddy aesthetic. It's just a shame the surrounding story doesn't keep up with his vision.
Valerian and the Needlessly Long Title defies our instinct for something, anything to make sense. Besson's parade of soul melds and virtual realities is complexity camouflaging the fact that little happens... a hamster wheel, motion going nowhere.
Valerian is a film to wallow in, not follow, and if you're tuned to its extra-terrestrial wavelength, you wouldn't cut a second.
DeHaan and Delevingne can do better - and so can the rest of us.
Rihanna's performance is an encapsulation of the entire film. It has style, imagination and energy to burn. But disappoints when it comes to dialogue, pacing and plot.
There is barely an original thought in this wackadoodle sci-fi panto, just a lot of tiresome passé attitudes skidding among bug-eyed-monster set dressing.
A crash course in both the worst and best of French director Luc Besson, Valerian looks spectacular but its storytelling proves muddled
At over two hours, Valerian will initially have you feeling starry-eyed but it won't be long until you are left spaced out.
Besson gives the movie a giddy momentum that propels its hero and heroine through their episodic adventures. Besides, his world building is so prodigal that there is always something flamboyantly entertaining to observe.
The visuals and special effects are next-level, dazzling, stunning, and worth the price of a ticket (3D please). But the best special effect is the lovely face of Rihanna.
It's a film that very much works on a surface level - stylistic, vibrant and vivacious from a visual perspective, but when digging deeper there's really little substance.
It's dazzling visually. But there's really not a lot that's original going on in this busy movie.
Besson's world is undoubtedly ripe for further exploration. But he'd be wise to hone his storytelling, and possibly recast.
Brilliantly rendered as a phantasmagoria of digital-bubblegum sci-fi, exploding with color and action. And yet, you'll be hard pressed to give a damn about any of it.
It's a film of a thousand mistakes and Besson's arrogant decision to write his own script is the biggest of them all.
I would recommend to anyone interested in seeing Valerian to do it on the biggest screen possible, as Besson's bold vision truly is deserving of that kind of larger-than-life presentation.
There's some stunning cinematography courtesy frequent collaborator Thierry Arbogast. But the narrative is weak and the film is weighted down by conceptual overindulgence.
You don't watch The Fifth Element for its storytelling, you watch it for its joyous, ridiculous sense of place and style, and that's doubly true for Valerian -- a movie that isn't nearly as memorable, but that works just fine as a tribute.
It has potential, but it just falls disappointingly short.
The story is slight but sufficient, and the fun keeps coming.
With unsympathetic leads, a clunky script and timeworn themes, Valerian stands and falls on the strength of its visual elements and action set-pieces -- which are, yes, pretty weird, and occasionally downright marvelous.
Watching this, your cerebral activity may not be as intense as usual.
Having Captain Jack Sparrow step onto the scene would have been far more believable.
Luc Besson's Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets, based on the French graphic novel series Valérian and Laureline by Pierre Christin and Jean-Claude Mézières, is a travesty of storytelling.
This visually ambitious science-fiction epic values spectacle over substance, with the dazzling technical proficiency unable to compensate for a pretentious storyline that becomes lost in space.
Yes, it's safe to say that Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets is stupid, but it's dopey, dumb and delightfully loopy in all the right ways.
About an hour into the film, Besson pauses the story and forces you to gawk at a shape-shifting Rihanna prancing about on a stripper's pole, while a bejewelled cowboy played by Ethan Hawke cackles in the background.
A beautiful mess, but a mess.
The feature-length equivalent of that repetitive noise your 9-year-old son makes when you're driving him to a friend's house.
Luc Besson is at his best when he lets his imagination off the leash and makes a film for the sheer pleasure of putting on a show. And Valerian gives him every opportunity to go bat-poo mad with the digital crayons.
If The Fifth Element is director Luc Besson's Star Wars, then Valerian personifies the prequels: a more lush and vivid galaxy with millions of species, but one where any semblance of life from its leads is far, far away.
You can see the money on the screen. It is a work of wonderful visual imagination, but the script and dialog are weak.
From the first time we meet the title character - after introducing the wonderful, endangered world of the Pearl People - I felt that Dane DeHaan is 100% wrong for the swashbuckling, swaggering Valerian.
This film just basically forces its audience to be space tourists on a mandatory guided tour.
Despite the visual splendor, this 3D spectacle lacks any depth.
While the film overexercises its imaginative muscle visually in dazzling ways, its characters and plot suffer from neglect and undernourishment.
Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets is a visual banquet that leaves you feeling sick.
Big, unabashedly geeky fun, but the dialogue is weak and Dane DeHaan is all wrong to play a swaggering, self-assured bad boy.
A wildly ambitious space opera, but also a self-indulgent narrative morass. Sometimes, it seems, creativity can benefit from a few limitations.
[A] succession of absolutely stunning set pieces with tenuous substance on top.
...a pinball machine of a movie that flings us from one sci-fi scenario to the next, caring little for continuity or context.
It's the kind of film you can go all in with its flow and love it, or roll your eyes by how bloated it is and hate it.
A family friendly procedural space opera fantasy adventure... Nicholas Hoult (would) have been a better choice for lead actor... (the film's) not great - questionably good but definitely okay.
Reportedly the most expensive European production ever mounted, the visually extravagant "Valerian" throws every Euro of its budget up on the screen, but there's little buoyancy to its spirit and not enough thrill in its action-adventure.
The visuals are amazing, but the witless banter recalls Katherine Heigl and Gerald Butler far more than it stirs memories of Stanley Kubrick and Ridley Scott.
You come away admiring the effort while lamenting the execution, but swinging and missing is always better than not swinging at all.
A ripe visual adventure of limitless imagination hamstrung by an undercooked plot propelled by lackluster heroes.
It's a shame this sugar rush has no nutritional value, which becomes increasingly clear the further Valerian proceeds into its slight narrative.
Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets is a film best watched on mute.
Visually dazzling but narratively derivative and emotionally void, Luc Besson's out-of-this-world Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets is a Pop Rocks movie.
Valerian would certainly make for a good television series, where the characters are allowed to take their time and be fully immersed in the world and its myriad intricacies. Provided it recasts the leads.
Imagine Star Wars, Lord of the Rings, The Matrix, etc. rolled up in one but corralled by a good director with impish humor.
It could've been a cool interstellar buddy-cop series... Instead, we have a half-baked plot with twists you can see coming a mile away and moustache twirling villains with heroes who are never fully developed.
Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets is colourful, multitudinous, often imaginative, but the lack of a hermeneutic world and internal logic lessens the stakes for the viewer to care about.
Two dimensional acting mars a beautifully realised multi-dimensional concept of a huge city filled with aliens from all over the galaxy.
Utterly unreal space story from Luc Besson (he of The Fifth Element fame), who seems to have watched James Cameron's Avatar and decided he could make it sillier, more scattered, and less emotionally engaging.
as visually splendid as his movie is, Besson's miscast DeHaan as his 'player Major,' a serious distraction in a gloriously gonzo film.
Besson's Valerian is a visually stunning, if overlong, sci-fi romp that's weighed down by an uncharming dynamic between its two leads.
That the film feels like a ten-year-old directed it is both an accurate summation of its shortcomings and a high compliment indeed.
One gets the sense this world has enough stories in it for three or four movies. It's too bad the story this one chose to tell is so weak and derivative.
Maybe just rewatch The Fifth Element instead.
in spite of all its visual eye candy, Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets can't shake the vibe of a production we've all seen before, and better.
If nothing else, those who lament Hollywood's over-reliance on special effects have a shiny new example of such excess by way of Europe, situated in a faraway galaxy that mostly makes one yearn to escape into the sunlight of planet Earth.
I am no fan of fantasies consisting of impossible characters dominated by visual effects. But the visual effects are stunning and should be a big Oscar (R) contender. Given my bias, however, it should be meaningful that I found this enjoyable.
This movie needs more cities and more planets, and less Valerian.
As a complete motion picture experience, it falls considerably short.
Out-does AVATAR as far as sheer visual spectacle goes, but Dane DeHaan is badly miscast in a part that demanded a larger-than-life presence.
The biggest problem, beyond the nonsensical storyline, is Besson's ear for English dialogue. The movie collapses in a heap whenever DeHaan and Delevingne engage in their allegedly flirtatious banter.
This is not to say this movie doesn't have its issues and I'll be the first to admit it's not for everyone. But what it is, is the singular vision of a talented director letting his freak flag fly.
You'll wish you were on any of those other planetary orbs rather than this one watching hundreds of millions of dollars being flushed down the loo. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, Sexual Content, etc. - also Available)
Luc Besson shows and then tells - and tells, and tells, and tells.
Would-be sci-fi franchise starter proves on multiple levels that looks aren't everything.
Visually, French director Luc Besson's Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets is tres magnifique. When it comes to the story, the film is what Pepe Le Pew would call a "le cinema avec grand stinker."
Valerian focuses on a larger sci-fi spectacle populated with unfleshed characters and some of the worst dialogue Earth has to offer.
The first 36 minutes... is as sharp and spectacular a stretch as you'll see in the movies. Then, the rest of the movie happens, and it's a witless mess.
It's all massively frustrating; whenever an interesting theme is developed, it is stymied by the writing.
A beautiful mess. Impresses with visuals and worldbuilding, yet disappoints with story and characters. [Full review in Spanish]
Valerian is frenetic, trippy, ludicrous fun. Except for when it's not fun. But then it's fun again! And then not fun! Well...you get the picture.
It takes two charismatic actors who have as much fun doing this as you'll have seeing it and sticks them into slam-bang action, gobs of good humor and the eye candy of an effects feast.
You can tell Besson went all out in making a faithful adaptation. But it's his overeagerness to give us a comprehensive Valerian epic that makes the whole thing a bloated slog.
Like a Dalí painting, this film exists in a realm beyond the need to make sense, so find the biggest screen you can, sit back and let the madness begin.
Some of the movie's images -- such as an immense marketplace in an alternate dimension, or the complex structure of Alpha itself -- are absolutely breathtaking.
Besson's trying to cram in as much as he possibly can, but the more he overstuffs the movie, the emptier it feels.
This former fashion model's performance has everything you could want. If she picks better projects than [Valerian] Delevingne will be a star, which would be a nice legacy for this junky but eye-opening comic space opera to leave.
The City might be an interesting place to spend some time if a busy and chaotic story didn't keep getting in the way, and if we were allowed to hang out for a little while longer with Ethan Hawke and Rihanna.
Valerian is exuberant, extravagant, and generally likable. Yet many parts of the movie just don't work. Sticklers for things like acting and dialogue are likely to be dissatisfied.
Valerian is sci-fi at its most fantastical. It's a shame that the dialogue, acting and anything involving humans too often feels stilted and unbelievable.
Besson creates wondrous creatures and settings, dropping viewers into a far-future adventure teeming with alien life. If only he'd left out the humans.
There is more candy here, of the retinal variety, than a jumbo bag of Airheads.
[T]his plot ... always threatens to interrupt and eventually overtakes the genuine sense of imagination and discovery that Besson offers.
Besson's commercial instincts for sleek, violent fantasy are often sound, but "Valerian" is more sedative than show.
Besson styles him as a cocky space rogue, but Valerian is weak sauce. And so is this movie.
Technology can't generate verve -- at least not yet -- or the sort of chemistry that's entirely absent in the pairing of these attractive performers.
The plot is beside the point. Besson loads the picture with enough loopy visual splendor to keep us pleasurably distracted for long stretches.
"Valerian" has some cool visuals. But there's more to science fiction than pretty pictures.
In the spare moments between sensory-assaulting action scenes, Valerian and Laureline exchange embarrassingly sophomoric romantic overtures.
Much is wrong with Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets, but just looking at this thing is such an astonishing trip that you'll hardly notice.
This is a movie that will make you scream - in confusion, in delight, in anger, in ecstasy. Sometimes all at once.
[A] bizarre and bloated and clunky pop sci-fi epic.
With the spaced-out 'Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets', Luc Besson remains in his element.
The movie's wonderful, dopey high-summer space nonsense ... that allows the writer-director to match his fizzing visual sensibility to the source's camp (but not really) "Flash Gordon" sci-fi head-trip.
Besson ... stuffs us to the breaking point with this psychedelic space fantasy. I enjoyed the feast, too, although I found it more junk food pig-out than fine-dining experience.
Two beautiful, sarcastic time travelers [are] on a mission to locate an intergalactic MacGuffin. They succeed, but I couldn't have cared less one way or the other because I was too busy gaping at the vast population of exotic aliens.
It's unafraid to embrace the expansive potential of its genre, to make each new location, costume, and alien creature feel like the wildest version of itself.
DeHaan and Delevingne just don't have the screen presence to compete with the visual spectacle that's the real point of the movie.
Valerian is a rollicking sci-fi romp. Director Luc Besson transports us to the 28th century and a fantastical space-station city crammed with colorful creatures, ornery aliens, ominous robot-killers and glittering levels of visual treats.
Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets becomes one of those movies that offers digital spectacle but is somehow not spectacular.
It's a loving, enthusiastic rendering of a world that's delighted readers for decades. Instead of populating that world with characters, though, Besson built a story around audience placeholders.
In the end, it's the vision (literally) of an Americanized Gallic filmmaker that makes Valerian worth a look in a season traditionally chock-full of predictable, big-budget franchise flicks. Just turn off your brain, sit back, and let your eyeballs feast.
... it is a formulaic tale of government cover-up, refugees in hiding, a magical-like creature and political corruption. It sounds more like Earth in 2017 than a galactic saga set centuries in the future.
At its best, it hits the gut with the free-fall feel of a theme-park ride. But it's a long and winding path back to the gate, and "Valerian" loses its way many times, however beautifully.
When you enter the theater, you can pick up your 3-D glasses with one hand and drop off your brain with the other. All in all, you might not consider it the worst exchange.
Dialogue has never been Besson's strong suit, and so Valerian is at its best when it's wordless. The Fifth Element director's calling is finding the fun between the operatic and the trashy, with visuals that are both busy and elegant.
For a guy who has been making movies for a couple decades, Besson approaches Valerian like it's his last chance to make a film, and he overstuffs it with everything he can.
An utter delight and one of the most gorgeous fantasies to hit the screen in recent memory-the kind of film that can take moviegoers logy from the usual array of craptaculars and render them absolutely giddy with its pure fun.
[Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets] is a highly entertaining and imaginative piece of work.
It's as gorgeous as anything the French filmmaker Luc Besson has ever made and as empty as a Trump tweet.
Valerian's power doesn't come from its cast or its story, and Besson probably didn't intend for it to. The film's power is in the construction of its world, which is as vivid as any I've seen on film.
Too ambitious and valiantly conceived to write off completely, but it's missing an all-important beating heart at its center.
A colorful and baffling experience that's sometimes charming but more often just exhausting.
As the heroic protagonists, Dane DeHaan and Cara Delevingne deliver callow, charmless performances, and their flirtatious bickering is painful to endure.
Rarely conjures excitement, with the production working to suffocate the audience with artifice, while the lead actors fight an unwinnable war against miscasting.
I worry that people will minimize Besson's achievement because of his herky-jerky script, but Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets is more than the sum of its effects.
Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets is a movie for science fiction fans who wish every minute of Star Wars was the cantina scene.
[Dehaan and Delevingne's] chemistry is nonexistent, the dialogue is cringe worthy and the story is clunky... But the images are frequently extraordinary.
There's an increasingly perfunctory quality to the film as it goes on. Besson exhausts his neato pictures and is left to limply entertain us with the noodliest of plots.
Eurotrash on steroids as only Luc Besson can confect it...a goofy special-effects acid trip in the form of a berserk science-fiction cartoon.
A visually dazzling, grin-inducing space adventure.
Besson doesn't know how to take half measures, a welcome trait in a world increasingly full of cookie-cutter blockbusters. If that means he's often jetting off into deep space without any real plans to return to Earth, by God, give me the stars.
Richly, imaginatively rendered, deeply textured and almost overwhelming. This film drops you into an outer space world that knows no limits on space, time and dimensionality, and asks the viewer to go along for this deeply weird roller coaster ride.
All I can say after watching it is, 'Wow!'
The good, which is sometimes spectacular, outweighs the bad, which is never that terrible.
Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets doesn't always work because Besson tries to imbue it with too much and all at once, but when it does, it's unlike anything you've seen.
The overwhelming quantity of effects offers little style or surprise; the movie is a joyless, effortful slog.
A mixed bag you either go with or don't.
A bracing, unique, vivacious, visually glorious sci-fi adventure that gleefully vibrates with impish life... It's the best science fiction film of the year,
Dazzling visuals from the eye of director Luc Besson overcome the wooden acting of the leads in this colorful sci fi spectacular.
As a showcase for a new scifi universe, there's rarely been better. It's just the most important stuff-character, emotion, plot-is overshadowed by that universe. That's what keeps Valerian from being great... but damned if it isn't a fun watch.
There isn't a moment in this ludicrous, lushly self-indulgent movie that doesn't feel like its creator is having the time of his life.
The difference between the film and its equally expensive contemporaries is Luc Besson's playful, childlike naïveté.
The movie could have skated by if the leads were at least charismatic and fun, but DeHaan and Delevigne are stilted and dead-eyed in just about every scene.
[Rihanna] brings gusto, grit, and gravitas to a project that is otherwise a farce. She's wrings spitfire energy, regret, hope, and, ultimately, doom out of basically two scenes.
Valerian is funny, gorgeous, and full of the type of mindbending scenarios that remind you of what fantasies are for.
An admirable attempt at spending $200 million to top The Fifth Element which succeeds visually but doesn't quite have the personality.
Valerian is like spending two hours in the Mos Eisley cantina while all of the TVs are set to episodes of Moonlighting. And you're high on whatever the drug du jour is on Tatooine.
A lot to take in, none of it worth absorbing.
If you can find a screening which will cut or fast forward any moment when characters are required to speak to one another, it's a fun movie to watch.
Showcases plenty of cool creatures and ideas for sci-fi fans to savor, but if only the movie's central characters and their relationship were as exciting and interesting as all that impressive eye candy.
The moral to this story? You can gorge on a feast of effects, but without engaging humans leading the way, you'll feel stuffed with a whole lot of nothing.
If we're going to have space operas, let them sing in the strangest accents possible.
...we're not left with the fear of looming apocalypse or Thanos/Darkseid waiting in the wings, but rather a sense that our best selves can overcome obstacles both personal and planet-threatening.
It's a momentous occasion for the director and sci-fi fans. It's a shame it's not a momentous movie.
Besson has built his movie around a core couple that has what amounts to negative chemistry.
The kind of movie that soars beyond adjectives like "good" or "bad": it's sincere but overstuffed, visually gorgeous but dramatically clunky, and it represents a singular vision while simultaneously featuring two wildly miscast actors in the lead roles.
Luc Besson returns with a space oddity so high on its own supply that it makes Guardians of the Galaxy look like an Ozu film.
Valerian is weird, wild and kind of wonderful.
Luc Besson's latest is a mixed bag you either go with or don't.
Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets is stunning visually. It never reaches the point of rousing sci-fi adventure, but makes an all out effort to get there.
The first half of Valerian is a creative romp that I would recommend to many people, its middle is a grimace-inducing detour and its finale never quite recovers the film's initial momentum.
Valerian is at times so mind-meltingly beautiful and strange that I'm still not sure I didn't just dream it all.
As the story went on, it came into sharper and sharper focus: Valerian is an epic mess.
Luc Besson has achieved visual perfection that has far surpassed what Marvel and Disney have achieved over the past decade.
The film wears its heart on its sleeve, for better and worse. For better, it is very anti-tyranny. For worse, they really lay on Valerian's womanizing thick.
At its best, "Valerian" has the dense, madcap rush of a comedic cartoon sci-fi - think "Futurama" or "Rick and Morty," though neither as funny nor as inventive as either.
A 2 hour-plus non-stop all-downhill rollercoaster ride.
Luc Besson returns to sci-fi with a CGI wonderland of characters, setting, and action.
Like The Fifth Element, this will grow on people with time ... meant more for discerning moviegoers with strange taste and sensibilities.
Causes one to yearn for Lucas' stock archetypes and sometimes wooden line-readings
I wish I could say that the performances didn't detract too much, but they sadly did. Even so, the visuals, action sequences, general storyline, and immersive experience of the 3D are enough to make me recommend people go see the movie.
It's one thing to make a movie with a childlike sense of wonder. But "Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets" is simply childish.
An expansive, expensive adventure whose creativity outweighs its more uneven elements.
The Razzies don't need to wait until the end of the year to anoint a winner for 2017. The Golden Turkey Awards should be republished with a new cover.
As a purely psychedelic space opera, Valerian is indeed hard to beat for genre fans desiring a new take on the future. Like the Devil, Valerian's quality is in the details.
Valerian is easily Besson at his most imaginative since The Fifth Element, creating a canvas that's bursting with originality. This is world building at its finest.
One of the most gorgeous science fiction movies ever made.
It stumbles in the middle and runs out of narrative gas, but the first act is awesome and, my god, it is a beautiful motion picture.
It's visually stunning, beautifully prescient in its humanist themes, and while its reach doesn't match its grasp in some respects, you're still left respecting the hell out of the reach alone.

@highlight

Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets uses sheer kinetic energy and visual thrills to overcome narrative obstacles and offer a viewing experience whose surreal pleasures often outweigh its flaws.