Honestly, the whole experience would fare better as a skit rather than a feature-length film
A horrible movie and an even worse parody, it's sad that one ends up laughing less with it than with 'Fifty shades of Grey'. [Full review in Spanish]
A moment of Netflix product placement suggests the idea that this would have been better as one no-filler hour of television.
The message remains, ultimately, one of female empowerment ... but here it's presented through an endless blizzard of latex genitalia, racial epithets and bodily fluids.
There are undoubtedly four or five one-liners that will have you in stitches, but given the scattergun approach to jokes, that makes for a rather minuscule percentage.
Another depressing "cinema parody" that isn't half as amusing as the film(s) it wants us to laugh at.
50 Shades of Black does, at least, have to good grace to be 50 times more entertaining than the original.
The laziest visual gags are accompanied by a cavalcade of insensitive, vulgar jokes that never work no matter how many silly faces are pulled.
Woefully uninspired and toxically unfunny, this film is so rotten it could necrotize your soul. Horrible, just horrible.
Fifty Shades of Black is crude and uninspired - the latest (and hopefully last) in a literary and cinematographic bloodline which should be sterilised hereafter.
Even the idea that Fifty Shades of Grey might require parody seems ludicrous.
A spoof of the franchise that started out as Twilight fan fiction offers up another barrel for Marlon Wayans to scrape.
Predictable but unexpectedly enlightened.
By setting his sights on the film adaptation of EL James' bestseller Fifty Shades of Grey, Wayans finally finds a target that offers him a valid excuse for his trademark crudeness.
How do you satirize something that's already a joke?
It is to have fun for an hour and a half. [Full review in Spanish]
It's just awful! A failed "comedy", full of brutish attempts of grotesque humor and bad taste, horrible in every aspect. [Full review in Spanish]
I don't know what's worse, if paying the movie ticket or losing an hour and a half that nobody is giving me back. [Full review in Spanish]
Fifty Shades of Black is one of the worse movies of 2015. [Full review in Spanish]
In the full movie, laughs are virtually nonexistent.
Crass parody doesn't stay on target long enough to be funny.
The movie's mean-spiritedness becomes even more painful than the dippiness of the source material.
Again to the film's credit, when its humor connected it was a sure fire home run; but when it whiffed it wouldn't hit water if it fell out of a boat.
An alleged mockery and satire that lampoons very little and with very little grace. [Full review in Spanish]
The film faithfully and mockingly follows the book's key scenes, but the satire is broad and too dopey to really be lascivious.
Marlon Wayans has proven that he doesn't need any help from his brothers to make a truly awful spoof. This is probably a great source of pride for him at family gatherings.
No matter how cosmically God-awful you think Fifty Shades of Black probably is, I assure you it's even worse than that.
When the movie you're mocking is unintentionally funnier than the one you made, you've got a problem.
Fifty Shades of Black aims low (often at and around the crotch), and often fumbles around, missing its G-spot. That's the gag-spot, perverts.
Wayans is ... incapable of limiting himself to parodying one movie at a time, tossing in riffs on Whiplash, Magic Mike, and Zero Dark Thirty to varying degrees of success.
A descent into depravity far more shocking than funny that's morally-objectionable in part for all.
I didn't like Fifty Shades Of Black, and I really just want to move on with my life. End of story.
As with other staples of the screen-parody genre, the comic bull's-eyes arrive only intermittently.
Wayans continues his pattern of creating movie simulacra - calling them "parodies" or even "spoofs" puts far too fine a point on it - whereby we're supposed to laugh because we recognize the thing that is being reenacted.
It's no wonder Marlon's family wanted nothing to do with it.
If there were ever a purpose to these crass, imbecilic parodies, it's to remind us that the closest black actors come to starring in something like Scream, Paranormal Activity or Fifty Shades Of Grey is when Marlon Wayans spoofs them.
[This] movie could use at least one real gut-busting moment as a centerpiece, but the sporadic chuckles it provokes are real and deserved.
As a piece of cultural criticism, however, it painstakingly eviscerates nearly every scene in "Grey" and skewers latent sexism, classism and ludicrous sexual innuendoes, as well as the original's numerous plot holes.
Mostly, "Fifty Shades of Black" is exactly what you expect it will be.
If comedy is like sex, all about buildup and release of tension, then this movie can't get it up.
I wasn't the only one in the theater. There were five people, total. Two walked out fifteen minutes in. Another left fifteen minutes after that. When I walked out, a dude saw what movie I was leaving of and laughed at me. That about sums it up.
'Grey' deserved a concentrated attack. It gets a scattershot one, though one that's ultimately, mostly, on the side of the angels
It's still better than Fifty Shades Of Grey.
An aimless, if sporadically clever, parody that tirelessly conceives of human sexuality as punchlines for its shortsighted cultural ribbings.
At a minimum, a parody should be funnier than the film it's sending up, but "Fifty Shades of Black," a quick-and-dirty riff on last year's S&M romance "Fifty Shades of Grey," falls a laugh or two short of even that low standard.
On the bright side, at least this isn't "A Haunted House 3." Just kidding. There's no such thing as a bright side when dealing with a Marlon Wayans production.

@highlight

Wildly erratic even for a spoof movie, Fifty Shades of Black bears the unfortunate distinction of offering fewer laughs than the unintentionally funny film it's trying to lampoon.