The film's unevenness is ultimately overshadowed by its powerful representations of two communities decimated by war.
Hail Caesar!
The end doesn't satisfy the way it should, since it's more about setting the stage for the next film than bringing this one to a close, though I like the way it starts out as a western before seguing into a war picture.
Orangutan and Serkis aside, the film is a bothersome disappointment. I never thought I'd write this but, where is James Franco (star of Rise) when you need him?
A film full of symbolism and winks, powerful content and grandiloquent effects and design. [Full review in Spanish]
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is still the best big budget summer movie of 2014.
Dawn is not interested in staging conflict for the sake of it, and the misunderstandings and tensions that drive the plot don't always feel like contrivances.
Director Matt Reeves has an eye for striking imagery.
Hands-down the most intelligent blockbuster of the year so far.
One of the most exciting and moving sci-fi experiences of the year.
Nothing to go ape about, but a good way to cool your heels in the heat.
They manage to accomplish what few reboots have: to tell an origin story that honors the original work and pleases the superfans, while working as involving, compelling cinema, on their own terms and free of all other associations.
"Dawn" really marks a new pinnacle of expressiveness in digital animation.
Dawn richly rewards one's affections for the original series while delivering a tense thrill-fest. And yes, the apes as rendered by those guys down the road at Weta Digital are amazing.
Andy Serkis, the actor who plays Caesar through the sophisticated performance-capture technology, gives us a soulful, complicated primate who faces the moral dilemma of a threatened sovereign.
It's a handful of moments between chimps that make "Dawn" worthwhile, with a philosophical exchange between Caesar and his right-hand ape, Koba, making a crater-sized impact.
Dawn and the other films of the franchise are constantly evoking bleak events in human history. It's part of their whole design, creating a sense of entrapment within a cyclical momentum endlessly replayed.
More smartly nuanced and visually bombastic than any entry in the series, Dawn boasts a surprisingly textured script and great performances from both the men and the apes.
Way better than it has any right to be.
Matt Reeves, the director of another end of the world type scenario in found footage film Cloverfield, takes the reins of this smart and attractive franchise and runs confidently with visceral wanton destruction and a blunt message about gun control.
This is a confident sequel from Reeves and company; gripping, moving and recommended.
[Dawn of the Planet of the Apes] is a text book example of how to stay true to the basic genetic code of a movie while also letting it evolve into a different, altogether more sophisticated beast.
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes works precisely because it believes in itself and will brook no arguments.
Full marks to director Matt Reeves for capturing the human emotions and expressions of his actors even as they grunt and walk like simians.
Emotionally intense, deeply absorbing and visually engaging.
It is better [than Rise of the Planet of the Apes]. Not by much, though, and not where it counts the most. It's better on the level of spectacle, but the storytelling remains shaky at best.
Reeves conjures a spectacle that has you questioning every moment where movies have conditioned you to cheer instinctively, because the heroism of a moment is so often defined by your allegiances.
The science-fiction thriller Dawn of the Planet of the Apes creates a palpable atmosphere of existential dread.
Dawn gets the spectacle going in the late battle. But the story is so thin it develops very little tension along the way. Even odder, the film is really corny.
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes has its problems, but its triumphs are many, from its exciting pacing and strong sense of place to its charismatic turn by Andy Serkis, whose characterization at times reminded me of Abraham Lincoln.
A very easy movie to admire and almost impossible to enjoy. I spent most of the running time appreciating the artistry while wishing I could be anywhere else.
Matt Reeves... delivers both action spectacle and character drama, and he rightfully centers the entire film on Caesar, the noble leader who understands the best and worst of humanity ...
The apes have more complex characters than their human counterparts... And thanks to a combination of computer imagery and astonishing motion-capture wizardry, their acting is better, too.
When you are sufficiently captivated by the story not to raise so much as a smile at the spectacle of an enraged chimpanzee on horseback brandishing a sub-machine gun, then you have to give credit where it's due.
There's an inevitability to Dawn's slide towards chaos that takes away from its spectacular effects, chilling dystopian world and promising character drama.
Even more impressive than what Dawn of the Planet of the Apes has to say is how it goes about saying it.
Motion-capture technology just gets better and better -- and so do the Planet Of The Apes reboots.
Clarke is strong, and Keri Russell, Kodi Smit-McPhee (another Aussie) and Gary Oldman similarly work hard, but this is all about the apes.
Common decency will not allow me to completely dismiss a film in which a viscerally realistic primate rides a horse down California Avenue with machine guns blasting in both paws, but I never really cared who the ape was blasting or why.
Rise of the Planet of the Apes alone justified the advent of CGI. With it comes a worthy successor.
The allegorical simplicity of The Planet of the Apes films has always been their greatest strength, of course, and the way this film continues to make us root for Ceasar is a neat trick.
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a master class in how to make an engaging prequel/sequel.
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is the kind of summer blockbuster that you want to see. It recognizes that action for the sake of action is not compelling, and that action stemming from brewing conflict and character faults is.
The look of the film is so impressive, in fact, that it makes one think that the filmmakers decided to let everything else more or less take care of itself.
Despite all odds, Dawn of the Planet of the Apes really is the most emotionally engaging blockbuster you're likely to see all year, a perfect mix of explosive action and poignant drama that delivers a master class in escapist entertainment.
The film neuters any potential for the very type of stinging social commentary that was the original series' hallmark.
A smart, involving sequel
Forget motion-capture, this is motion-rapture. Meanwhile, Oscar-winning composer Michael Giacchino (Up) finds some extraordinary piano notes to emphasise contemplative silence as much as imminent threat.
[A] ridiculously entertaining, technologically stupefying sequel that's easily the summer's best blockbuster yet.
..."Dawn of the Planet of the Apes" rises and falls on the large shoulders of Andy Serkis. He gives Caesar a quiet dignity and, if possible, almost makes him human in his emotions
Et tu, Koba?
A most engaging sequel in one of the most thrilling reboots in cinema history.
A fitting sequel whose digital magic is often breathtaking even if its storytelling is not quite as memorable.
...both a stellar sequel and an above-average blockbuster.
It's a thoroughly mediocre movie [and] I'm sorry to say that, considering that its predecessor in this new cycle, Rise of the Planet of the Apes, was so unexpectedly good.
Addicted to pat lines and clichéd scenes of individual heroism or sentimental nonsense, from the usual battle between alpha males to the Florence Nightingale stereotype of an often weepy but sweet and soothing woman (Keri Russell) cooing over a baby ape.
It's smart, exciting, and visually brilliant, and the most impressive achievement I've seen on film so far this year.
If Dawn of the Planet of the Apes isn't quite as profound as it wishes to be, it remains an entertaining and intelligent piece of popcorn entertainment.
With digital effects that blur the lines of reality as much as this film does, I'm further excited to see what they do with the next sequel.
... Without question the movie of the summer - an epic allegory that says more about our world than a half dozen other Hollywood blockbusters combined and a dazzling piece of filmmaking ...
treats the material with a respectable sense of philosophical and sociological sensitivity while still maintaining the pulpy pleasures of its post-apocalyptic sci-fi conceit
Tender, tense, intelligent and morally complex, this is a genuine contender for blockbuster of the year.
I don't think Dawn will change a goddamn thing, though I'm inspired by the attempt.
A sequel that is an excellent expansion on the first film, while also complimenting the entire series in the process.
The slick CGI rendering of the apes and set pieces is the main event but it is at the sacrifice of the first film's subtlety and mystique.
Beginning with the eradication of mankind by the simian flu that spread at the end of the last film, Rise of the Planet of the Apes, the new picture is the bleakest in a series that was never exactly all-singing, all-dancing.
This is not one of the smartest science-fiction flicks; it relies on sheer action, which should be enough for the target audience.
Bittersweet yet entertaining in its blockbuster sensibilities... Directed with serious intensity.
A smart, muscular, action-packed blockbuster that's easily one of the summer's most rousing sci-fi crowd-pleasers---some seriously strong, exceptionally well-made monkey business.
Serkis does what every actor wishes to do: leave an impression of himself on the audience's memory. That impression will draw crowds and will not fade by Oscar time.
For dramatic verve and emotional nuance, apes trounce people, hands down, and the movie suffers badly from the mismatch; all traces of finesse are trampled by the bombast of the climax.
Continuing to exist peacefully in the same cannon as the films started in 1968 ... Rise and Dawn, like the earlier films, have enjoyably different vibes, adding to the series' epic-story feel.
What redeems it all is the sense that the film-makers take their subject matter seriously and imagine their audience to be as sentient as their simian screen counterparts.
It's a sequel of a reboot, to be sure, but it may be the finest hour of the entire series.
The movie looks good in 3D and the special effects are impressive. There are impressive fight scenes and set designs. The basic morality play structure of the story is compelling enough.
Director Matt Reeves does an exemplary job of working on the nerves, ensuring that audience members feel tense, tingly, taut and basically every which way but loose.
Rock solid.
A monumental achievement, setting what's at its heart an internal conflict against a backdrop of amazing visual effects.
[i]f there is a significant weakness to Dawn, it's the sense of inevitability that permeates the film.
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes shows it is possible to have actual ideas and serious themes in a film which also manages to entertain in a truly spectacular fashion.
Given the constraints under which he must have been working, being filmed with motion capture technology and under layers of heavy make-up, Serkis' performance is extraordinarily expressive.
What is, perhaps, surprising, is the way the film aligns our sympathies with the apes.
I didn't get into either set of characters in this... The apes or the humans. The script is straight from how to write a blockbuster screenwriting course, I thought.
What a wonderful world to lose yourself in for two hours and could it be possible that thanks to Andy Serkis's performance, I have a crush on an ape?
What we have here is a great frontier western of the old school.
This is a storming, soulful blockbuster that's got both brains and heart.
Dawn is nothing like as dramatically satisfying as Rise. It is slow, portentous and peculiarly dimly lit - for all of Matt Reeves's ambition has gone into creating what he calls "the photo-reality of things".
A magnificent science fiction drama, and a beautiful one. Wonderfully radical for the simple fact that it is ruled by principled ideas.
An absolute, hands-down knock-out...Dawn is sensational, compelling, enthralling. It shows just how brilliantly reboots can work when done with care and intelligence.
Whether you attend this movie as a deep thinker or a thrill seeker, Dawn Of the Planet Of the Apes is going to deliver everything you want.
Proof that not all summer blockbusters should be tarred with the same brush of critical disdain arrives in this intelligent, exciting and surprisingly moving sequel.
A thoughtful if not exactly pulse-pounding sequel to 2011's Rise Of Planet Of The Apes.
It's very enjoyable stuff.
If you want to be entertained and stretch some of those brain cells you strained trying to make sense of Transformers, watch this movie.
When Ape chieftain, Caesar bellows "GO" at a bunch of gun-toting humans, the hairs stood up on the back of my neck. Not since Darth Vader strode into Star Wars have I been as bowled over by such a formidable screen presence.
A superbly mounted, powerfully performed, if slightly underfed Apes sequel. That Reeves is set to direct Untitled Of The Planet Of The Apes next is cause for much celebration.
Has its moments, but is no Dunston Checks In.
One of the smartest, most thrilling blockbusters in years.
It's a simmering, tense descent into battle, but more, it's a story of family and survival.
It's an education fable, accessorised with biffs and bangs in widescreen 3D.
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a movie that walks a tightrope between serious and silly and never completely loses its balance.
The best movie in the sprawling, disconnected franchise since the very first Planet of the Apes in 1968.
A spider monkey could have written a less obvious screenplay.
The National Rifle Apes organization loves Dawn of the Planet of the Apes.
Distrust is a dangerous and volatile thing and Reeves' film shows how it is this rather than grandstanding gestures that often lead to conflict.
This terrific follow-up to 2011's Rise of the Planet of the Apes bests what was a good film by matching clear, evocative themes to sublime digital effects.
Unlike most reboots, this one continues to entertain.
Proves you can marry visual spectacle with something to engage the heart and the head too.
The smashing opening sequence from 2001: A Space Odyssey fleshed out to hit blockbuster beats
It brings something back to the big screen that's been in short supply since the invention of the DVD extra - a sense of wonder.
A third Apes movie featuring no human characters would be the perfect evolution for a thrilling series that has itself evolved way beyond reasonable expectations.
This just might be the most engrossing, the smartest and the most daring "Apes" movie ever put on film.
A solidly entertaining and thoughtful science fiction persuades us around the edges of the story at what kind of future Alexander and Blue Eyes will inherit from Malcolm and Caesar.
More intelligence and less fighting could have made this a better film.
Freed from the shackles of compulsory happy endings, the Apes movies are able to monkey around with heavy themes for the popcorn and coke Saturday night crowd, emphasizing audience gratification as an experience that lies in moments and scale
'Dawn of the Planet of the Apes' is an intelligent war movie with themes of politics, leadership, trust and betrayal.
Actually, thinking about it, Dawn of the Planet of the Apes isn't just a summer blockbuster, it's a full on dramatic epic.
I wasn't a huge fan of the original reboot but Dawn Of The Planet Of The Apes reeled me in quickly and held me right through to the action finale.
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a riveting, well-layered, intelligent and emotional film that will please fans and audiences looking for an evening's entertainment. Easily it's one of the best of the year, and not just a summer year.
Tension-filled and visually dazzling, it stars Andy Serkis, who redefines acting in the digital age.
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a summer blockbuster that defies what blockbusters are known for nowadays...
But what will anyone talk about? Andy Serkis, correctly first-billed as Caesar, leader of the apes, who elevates the costly art of motion-capture to new heights: grave, soulful... post-human.
A thinking man's sci-fi film and the result not only didn't stimulate me but bored me
What it lacks in originality, the movie makes up for in sheer visual spectacle.
... a fairly monotonous sci-fi adventure ... Serkis and Kebell peering out from beneath digitized fur and prosthetics impart far more emotion than their human counterparts.
The best of this summer's blockbuster movies. It is amazing. The most entertaining, exciting, provocative and powerful of all the Apes films.
For the next installment, it might be wisest to forgo our own species altogether and make it all-ape. It is, after all, the logical next step in this particular cinematic evolution.
The most insightful, engaging political movie to come around in a long time.
Though it climaxes about a half hour too early, it's a superior sequel.
Dawn is proof that with the right director and some care a remake or sequel can go further than anything that has come before it. Evidently there's still some creativity left in big budget Hollywood.
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes takes everything great about the first film and kicks it up to a higher level. One of the best (and most technically proficient) films of 2014.
Reeves' deliberately charts a queasy path toward disaster rather than indulging in the moronic fist-pumping kineticism of Michael Bay. When was the last time you saw an action film that inspired a desire for peaceful coexistence?
An extended grunt lecture about understanding delivered by stock characters. In order to get credit for "not offering easy answers," you actually have to ask a question.
Perhaps the strongest effort in a long line of Planet of the Apes efforts, the arrival of this new Dawn suggests taking an evolutionary step backward may be the best way to secure the future.
Watching an ape army on horses galloping into battle is silly in practical terms, yes, but somehow believable and even exhilarating within the confines of this world.
A great 'Apes' movie.
For all its high-end special effects and its Shakespearean ambitions, Dawn fumbles its emotional moments and forces its action.
Pretty deep waters for a two-hour popcorn movie.
One of the most intelligent and entertaining big-studio releases of the summer so far.
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes gets to be exciting and to say something about the world instead of merely blowing it up. The apes are among the more intellectually complex characters you're likely to spend time with this summer.
Intense sequel is darker than first, with more weapons.
What's striking about this new film is that it lays out the message-mongering in such a way that you can enjoy the movie equally well on a purely action level.
At least, for once, the fight scenes don't last forever. My favorite is the major battle between Caesar and Koba --- it's very well choreographed and terrifically exciting.
This latest technology allows the apes to exhibit a wide variety of facial expressions, down to the slightest hint of a smile, and even a tear.
It is certainly thrilling to see how Reeves and his CGI wizards bring their hordes of apes to life. Honestly, if I didn't know they were computerized, I'd have thought they'd brought off an evolutionary miracle.
Good movie, great effects but a bit slow in spots. What actually impressed me most is Andy Serkis -- who voices the ape leader Caesar -- getting top-billing.
Because [Andy] Serkis is able to wring so much pathos out of a furrowed brow or damp eye, 'Dawn of the Planet of the Apes' seems reluctant to grant anybody else much room.
So yes, ape shall not kill ape. But that doesn't mean ape shall not ride on a horse holding a machine gun in each hand and instigating an inter-species world war. We can all be seriously grateful for that kind of serious fun.
I want to go there with you America, I really do. I just can't.
Surprisingly, a CGI ape learning what it means to be an ape can be riveting stuff.
The beauty of Dawn of the Planet of the Apes lies in how we don't root for either species to win. We treat each individual, whether human or ape, on his or her own merits. This is the way it should be.
"Dawn of the Planet of the Apes" is not only the best sequel in the franchise and one of the best films of 2014, it's the best science fiction film in years.
A story about real peacemaking that manages to both instruct and delight in classic fashion.
It's incredible. It sets the standard for blockbuster action movies, and manages to be even better than its predecessor.
It offers up everything a summer blockbuster should: intelligence, great visual effects and an emotional core that stays with you after the lights come back on.
Yes, it's Hollywood at its most manipulative. Still, Heston would hate to hear this...but, at least from a moviegoer's perspective, the coming ape-ocracy may be nothing to fear and something to champion after all.
A blockbuster with a brain, and a heart, too - a welcome thing.
"Dawn of the Planet of the Apes" is a showcase for Serkis and the mo-cap wizards. The apes go marching, one by one.
Maybe that's the sad takeaway of Dawn of the Planet of the Apes: that peace is futile, conflict inevitable. No matter the species, we're all doomed.
An extraordinary summer blockbuster that reprises the fatal encounter of European colonizers with Native Americans and George Orwell's "Animal Farm".
It's Serkis who provides the best, albeit smaller scale spectacle in ironically showing the humanity in the ape. It's an insanely terrific performance. (Full Content Listings for Parents also available)
A sequel that ups the action while still retaining the emotional gravitas that marks the best cinematic epics.
Premature climaxing dampens the mood.
What a terrific film, what a technical achievement. If you were impressed three years ago with the special effects in 'Rise of the Planet of the Apes,' and surely you were, prepare to be blown away with this sequel.
All hail Caesar!
Has me Done with the Planet of the Apes.
Bold and brash. It's an action movie with plenty of ideas... There's a Shakespearean motif this time 'round, with plenty of court betrayal and the like (I admit to thinking "Et tu, you filthy brute?" as a particularly appalling pun midway through).
The visual look of the apes themselves is what brings it all home. Seeing is believing, and the magic of "Dawn of the Planet of the Apes" is that it is so easy to believe.
"Dawn of the Planet of the Apes" is loud, smart and ferociously committed to its premise, and it leaves an intriguingly bitter aftertaste.
In a perfect world, all summer blockbusters would be as sensational, as gripping, and as visually and audibly fulfilling as Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is.
For all of Caesar's complexity, "Dawn of the Planet of the Apes" lacks intimacy and personality in all that surrounds him.
A deeply intelligent, wildly entertaining sequel that proves the summer blockbuster is capable of evolution, too.
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is the new pinnacle of a franchise that has endured for over four decades. Director Matt Reeves delivers a stunning film, deeply emotional and character driven.
This installment inches events closer to a merge point with 1968's Planet of the Apes while maintaining its own unique identity. It is in every way superior to Rise of the Planet of the Apes.
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is an extremely high-functioning sci-fi thriller about extremely high-functioning apes. Some of it may seem silly in the recounting, or in the trailer, but it doesn't feel silly in the theater.
What we're really observing is the operation of a civilization through these remarkably rendered apes.
The human characters (played by Gary Oldman, Jason Clarke, and Keri Russell, among others) are so bland they don't stand a chance against their simian counterparts.
Nothing in the well-made but prosaic 2011 reboot hinted at the power of this film.
The tone is dire, the visuals dark and doomy, the pace epically slow. Like so many sequels, it's everything the first film aspired not to be.
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is the best and brainiest blockbuster of the summer, the kind of movie you hope for when you pay your money and buy your popcorn.
For its action, its humanity, its empathy and its exceptional intelligence, Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is the best Hollywood blockbuster this year.
If not every character is as well developed as in the previous film, it's a forgivable slight, because some of the acting is tremendous, and the special effects are some of the best, well, ever.
Visually arresting "Dawn" overstays its welcome.
The visual effects work superbly, and the director uses 3-D unobtrusively. The most remarkable effect may be the animals' eyes, formerly a weak spot in motion-capture animation.
A potent blend of sci-fi spectacle and substance, Matt Reevesí exhilarating interspecies-war drama Dawn of the Planet of the Apes may be the best film in the franchise since the 1968 original.
When Reeves cranks up the action, Dawn packs a pretty powerful punch. But it's all of the attention to character that elevates Dawn above the typical summer fodder.
Reeves directs with great dynamism, and his scenes of masses of apes swinging through treetops and swarming through San Francisco streets are rousingly staged.
With massive doses of eye-popping special effects I applaud the visual achievements in 'Dawn of the Planet of the Apes.'
A masterpiece of the highest order! Get to a theater near you to witness it first hand. If no one will drive you, I'm sure there's an ape on a horse nearby.
Led by motion-capture pioneer Andy Serkis and Toby Kebbel, these performances should make a serious case for Oscar consideration. These are real actors that are able to express depth of emotion just like their all-human counterparts.
The movie's plot is steeped in xenophobia, gun control, fathers and sons and the story of Julius Caesar himself.
The special effects are breathtaking. And, in turn, they make this film the most confident, engrossing and fierce Apes-released movie to date.
It's the first big tent-pole film of 2014 that nails everything from start to finish, blending thoughtful allegory, meaningful science fiction and dazzling action spectacle without a hitch.
One of the best big budget films of the year.
It's the rare sequel that stands on its own as a film with an epic feel, a movie that is both exciting and laden with emotion - and one that takes the baton and runs with it.
This is a simian show, and thanks to the wonders of motion-capture technology and the wizardry of computer-generated visual effects, an awfully good one.
Filmmaking this good is why movies became the popular entertainment they are today.
Here's a thought for the inevitable next film in this series: Ditch the humans. Stick with the apes. They're a lot more interesting.
... a clever job in updating the final Roddy McDowall-era sequel ...
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes asks us to allocate our compassion and revulsion equally among its various species. I haven't felt this kind of simian sympathy since the golden age of Roddy McDowall.
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes wisely weaves a tale of the flaws in human and simian natures. It also manages to say a thing or two about the hollowness of most summer blockbusters.
We're seeing the beauty of simplicity at work here: good storytelling married to interesting characters and meaty concepts.
An exciting and engrossing blockbuster with weighty themes, it raises important moral questions as it keeps viewers riveted.
"Dawn" is that rare sequel that makes a pretty good predecessor ("Rise of the Planet of the Apes") seem almost unnecessary.
Watching an army of apes riding horses heading into battle is undeniably cool, but that's the only thing the movie gives you: Neat eye candy.
The most metaphorically and morally evolved film of the bunch.
Serkis outdoes himself as Caesar in Dawn of the Planet of the Apes. This gigantic spellbinder of a movie rests on his ability to convey power and command with his posture, and an array of emotions via his incredibly malleable face.
"Dawn" isn't just a rousing summer sequel, it's a testament to Hollywood's fundamental ability to make something from nothing.
Don't know how the special effects team pulled this off; don't want to know.
When it gets going, it's a pretty fine movie.
When a movie is inconclusive, when it's heading nowhere, there's no telling what should be emphasized and what should be glossed over. Everything is of equal unimportance.
Dark and gloomy but riveting in a good, scary way.
It speaks to the masses with some treats for the discerning types in the back.
At its heart, Dawn Of The Planet Of The Apes is a classy, exciting genre film that packs in drama, twists and spectacular action.
"Dawn" confirms that Reeves is one of Hollywood's best filmmakers. A typical blockbuster helps us escape the realities of the world. This one has something to say about them.
It's mildly thrilling to report that "Dawn" is the rare franchise sequel that darkens and complicates the story's universe without seeming like a retread.
Reeves knows how to eke pathos from CGI and heartbreak from teenaged vampires: He's perfect for this story about the beasts that lie within.
Where Dawn excels is not in the script's simplistic portrayals of the complex dynamics of tribal warfare, but in good old-fashioned Hollywood razzle-dazzle.
Every 3-D scene in Dawn of the Planet of the Apes screams epic. Actually, more than epic. EPIC.
The rare summer blockbuster with both brains and brawn. The best APES movie since Charlton Heston first slapped on a loincloth.
The thought that these animals are digital creations, crafted via CGI from human actors' motion-capture acting, does not occur until close-ups reveal humanlike expressions. Otherwise, the scenes seem to show living, breathing beings in their habitat.
A humane triumph amid the usual summer cacophony, Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is the most intellectually and emotionally satisfying blockbuster in years.
Great CGI apes and performance by Serkis. But murky, dull, lethargic, overlong and overblown. Plot full of holes.
"Dawn of the Planet of the Apes" works both as allegory and action-adventure film.
Hail Caesar.
The most thrilling entertainment of the year.
...an enthralling portrait - at once intimate and epic - of two civilizations on the brink.
A visceral film, one of movement, action, unexpected developments, and disarming poignance.
This film's greatest achievement is that it puts its audience in position to root for peace and conflict resolution, and against confrontation and war- and it does so without making itself preachy or boring.
A canny continuation of the saga that delivers mood and action in approximately equal measure to compensate for a threadbare plot.
The film, despite its bloat and its overfondness for scenes of massacre, feels as if it were made by actual humans.
Criticisms are few with such bravely measured work, and Dawn succeeds at moving this tale of discord and leadership along, continuing to refuse the invitation to mimic the narrative path of the original series.
For two hours of breathless drama, you forget you're watching actors grunting like chimps and hope two rival civilizations can work together.
It's a satisfying movie and an example - a dispiritingly rare one these days - of what mainstream Hollywood filmmaking can still achieve.
Dawn is admirable for its efforts to tell a completely new story infused with social commentary, but those efforts too often amount to very little.
While several of the summer's films have had plenty of battles and destruction, this is the one that leaves us with something other than a conventional happy ending.
A broody and reasonably entertaining act of brand extension, marred mainly by its limited license to do anything but inch audiences a little closer to the inevitable ape-slavement.
Any film that begins with one of those fake-news montages, where snippets of genuine CNN footage are stitched together to concoct a feeling of semi-urgency around its hackneyed apocalypse, already sucks even before it gets started.
Surprisingly rollicking and resonant ...
A sequel to a reboot that makes a solid franchise stronger.
You have good guys and bad guys on both sides. The audience isn't meant to root for apes vs. humans as much as for certain characters. It's one of the film's best qualities.
"Dawn's" vision of masses of intelligent apes swarming the screen as masters of all they survey is even more impressive than it was the last time around and reason enough to see the film all by itself.
Dawn Of The Planet Of The Apes is a textbook example of how to get a blockbuster right: you can have all the mind-blowing action set pieces that you want, but they must be populated with characters that you actually care about.
The strength of this mythical morality tale and the CGI surrounding it almost make up for the short shrift given to the humans in this chapter. Note I said 'almost'.
I can't say I didn't enjoy the ambition and the seriousness with which director Matt Reeves takes the potentially absurd material, but I will forewarn that "entertaining" may not be the word you're looking for here.
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes restores your faith in the Hollywood 'tentpole' movie.
As the performance behind Caesar, Andy Serkis, along with a team of visual effects artists, has created a riveting character who is somewhere between human and animal, and who is shockingly convincing.
Within the fertile area between promise and execution, Dawn is dynamite entertainment, especially in the rousing first hour.
A post-apocalyptic story that revolves around the moral leadership of a peace-making ape and the heart-centered actions of a good man.
Dawn is an incredible epic of conflict and humanity, a movie that - in the truest Planet of the Apes tradition - tells a story about our society using the figures of apes on horseback.
There's no more apt image for America's gun culture than a crazed chimp on horseback double clutching automatic weapons.
As entertainment, Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is impeccably crafted and often spectacular.
Smart, strong and as morally intriguing as it is physically propulsive, Dawn of the Planet of the Apes somehow turns what might have been a lazy reboot of yesterday's camp 'classics' into vital, exciting and resonant moviemaking.
What makes Dawn of the Planet of the Apes, the superb sequel to the already enjoyable first chapter in the latest reboot of the venerable franchise, work is the way it spends almost its entire running time avoiding becoming a typical blockbuster.
This is a summer blockbuster contingent on grand bargains, tactical retreats, and a ferocious, inevitable shock-and-awe campaign.
[A] heavy movie, even if it is hidden in the gorilla suit that is action-adventure entertainment.
This is not exactly a profound film, but it addresses its weighty themes with striking clarity and narrative nuance.
"It's the genuine article, an engrossing tentpole with serious themes, complex moral conflicts and emotional stakes, and one that doesn't feel as if it was written by committee."
Dawn never feels dull or draggy. It also never feels as excitingly intelligent as its Apes ancestors.
There are no bad guys, and if there are - like ticking time bomb chimp Koba (Toby Kebbell), who rocks a giant scar given to him by meddling scientists - they have their reasons too.
Just when it seemed like blockbusters could never evolve, in rides this extraordinary epic - a towering fable of humanity and brutality that takes a great movie myth and launches it forward.
It's the Ape-ocalypse!
Here's the sequel to that movie no one wanted and - surprise, surprise - it's also really good.
It is, in the end, just a well-made movie about apes fighting humans in a post-apocalyptic landscape, and that's a very fun thing to watch.
While Serkis continues to do 'chimpressive' work in his second outing as Caesar, the standout ape performance of the film comes from Toby Kebbell as the violent and angry Koba.
This film really becomes The Dark Knight to the first film's Batman Begins.
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a thrilling, compelling action spectacle that won't make you feel stupid for watching it.
If we should take anything away from the terse title characters of Dawn of the Planet of the Apes, it's the power of brevity. So, here's my review: Apes together strong. Sequel merely solid.
It lives so confidently in its invented universe that you almost believe a society of apes could thrive on the outskirts of San Francisco ...
If Rise of the Planet of the Apes successfully restarted the dormant Apes franchise, the superior Dawn indicates the grand saga this new iteration might become.
It's the ape in the man and the man in the ape that's at the heart of this dazzling sequel spectacular, whose sheer scale and extraordinary effects match the voracity of the film's essence
A brilliantly-realized successor to a solid franchise reboot.
A sequel that - narratively and visually - sets the standard for its summer-movie stablemates.
Matt Reeves masterful weaving of the spectacular visual effects, powerful emotional depth and complex morality rich themes has created not only an entertaining blockbuster, but a transcendent one that is rich in value and in message.
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes has smarts, gorgeous innovation and pure, arresting entertainment.
Smart, emotionally deep, exciting, beautiful to behold, and culturally relevant, Dawn is quite simply a great film.
Deeper, ambitious and morally-challenging to the extent that it depicts the apes and the humans as being far more alike than unalike.
Just as 2011's Rise of the Planet of the Apes surpassed expectations, so this sequel delivers on its promise and leaves us wanting more - which we'll almost certainly get.
However often it risks monkey-mad silliness, it's impressively un-stupid.
It may lack its predecessor's lofty ambitions, but once the bullets, spears and hairy fists start flying you'll be too wrapped up to care.
Confident, assured, muscular and moving in places.
Andy Serkis and Toby Kebbell deliver stand out performances that will ensure Dawn a place in movie history.
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes isn't just a great time at the theater, but a genuinely great movie without a single dull moment.
This groundbreaking, challenging and immensely rewarding sequel offers audiences a veritable feast consisting of mature science-fiction themes, complex emotional performances (both human and digital), and riveting combat set pieces.
'Dawn' is not just a good genre movie or a good summer movie. It's a great science-fiction film, full-stop, and one of the year's very best movies so far.
In the annals of sequels, Dawn is to Rise of the Planet of the Apes what The Empire Strikes Back was to Star Wars -- it's that much better.
This vivid, violent extension of humanoid ape Caesar's troubled quest for independence bests its predecessor in nearly every technical and conceptual department ...
None of the characters are very memorable and the allusions to issues such as ecology and racism are too vague to have much impact.

@highlight

With intelligence and emotional resonance to match its stunning special effects, Dawn of the Planet of the Apes expands on its predecessor with an exciting and ambitious burst of sci-fi achievement.