All said and done, this is Salma Hayek channeling her inner GI Jane. It could have been way more ambitions though.
Watching Hayek going through the increasingly blood-soaked motions as the improbably resourceful title character quickly becomes embarrassing.
There are some genuinely great action bits mixed in with a handful that are a bit more tired, and the overall package is full of ups and downs.
Despite his and Hayek's best efforts, the result is sloppier than the mess Everly creates, blowing up a lift full of Yakuza.
Those with an adolescent nostalgia for video-nasty era degradation/retribution may be mildly titillated, but Lynch has neither the wit nor desire to raise this above the level of faux-retro fanboy fantasy.
There are references to Leon, Kill Bill and Se7en, plus a whole lot of Japanese men in sharp suits -- leading to a distinct whiff of déjà Woo.
Lynch shows some visual flair with a few clever, Tarantino-like touches but the film overall is a deadening and claustrophobic experience, in which the human interest diminishes as rapidly as the body count rises.
A relentless onslaught of violent action, this movie is notable mainly because there's a woman at the centre of it, which means that it's entertaining even if it's rather pointless.
Salma Hayek stars in what must be the most distasteful and exploitative film of the year so far.
Lynch revels in showing woundings and torture, to the point where even the most hardened action fans may find themselves wincing.
From script to performances, it's completely implausimundo. And it's often nasty to the point of gratuitous, with a sense of humour likely only to appeal to those who take their comedy extra black.
A gruelling gimmick thriller, pitched at dead-eyed graduates of the Matthew Vaughn school of cinematic sociopathy.
Messy and unlikeable.
If it were an exam paper, you'd scrunch the whole thing up into a ball and throw it back at the overconfident poser who'd just submitted it. Preferably on fire.
Even slobbering Salma fans might come away feeling frustrated at the lack of an x-rated payoff.
Everly has guts and sparkle but, without sense, it all adds up to nothing but bluster.
A grindhouse, slapstick, chopsocky bonanza...
The film quickly becomes a repetitive mess of squibs, stupidity and misogyny.
Without its least savory scenes, Everly would still be exploitative junk, but the film's fetishistic treatment of the tortures endured by its lead actress turns the whole affair toxic.
The film's brutality - which includes not only the murder of a dog but also a fetishization of torture that borders on porn - is so excessive, even if tongue-in-cheek, that it leaves a bad taste in the mouth.
Hayek begins in a mini-nightie and ends in a tight T-shirt that inevitably is wetted down when a fireball sets off the sprinkler system. The wardrobe designer may have been your 14-year-old nephew, but the Hayek-endorsed message is: 'I look great at 48.'
Everly seems to wanna be a badass, but winds up a dumb ass.
It's so ridiculous and thinly sketched that any emotional investment seems impossible, despite a scrappy performance from Salma Hayek.
A full throttle action extravaganza that knows how to grab you, and how to shake you around once you're in its capable mitts.
Everly wears its inspirations on its bullet-riddled sleeve.
If the film does anything right, it reminds us that now-48-year-old Hayek is one heck of a forceful presence when she is allowed to be.
An intermittently entertaining, ultimately disposable piece of genre fluff.
Feels precision-engineered for a morally torn fanboy who likes the idea of female empowerment but needs it served with a heavy dose of torture porn and glistening flesh.
Everly isn't innovative, smart or interesting enough to compete with the John Wicks and Kingsmans of the world.
Salma Hayek plays a sex slave turned killer in this stylish but lumbering actioner.
Everly is never able to match its B-movie aspirations, instead forced to flounder in the gutter like the filthy, exploitative grindhouse film that it is.
What on earth is Salma Hayek doing starring in this exploitative, junky piece of torture trash?
There's the pervasive feeling that this is a prefab cult film that doesn't need to try too hard, instead offering cosmetic variations from a very limited playbook of gestures meant to provoke Pavlovian cries of "Awesome!"
A smorgasbord of pornography masquerading as violence, Everly is so repugnant and pointless there were times when I wanted to call for help.
Salma Hayek remains as captivating as ever, gracefully pivoting from desperate, trapped mouse to machine-gun-wielding angel of death, often in the same scene.
An imitation of the sort of ultra-violent low-budget B-movie that Tarantino used to make, before he discovered the joys of bloat.
[Director Joe Lynch] stages the action cleanly and kinetically. And Hayek delivers a fully committed performance, handling the role's intense physical demands with commanding authority.
Why, Salma Hayek? Why?
Nothing more than a pointless exercise in brutal, nasty style.
Everly has the heaving, bloody bosoms of an exploitation flick, yet Hayek gives the character powerful dignity. She's no victim, nor an off-the-shelf "strong woman."
Everly ricochets between light and dark so abruptly that it'll make your head spin. If Lynch had fixed the messy tone problem, he'd have had a good movie on his hands.
Everly most closely resembles the Die Hard movies before they became crap, and of course Hayek is just the right woman to give the genre the attitude it needs.
EVERLY is a popcorn flick through and through, one that features a game leading lady and a director with a passion for excess.
Yet another boring ode to heavy breathing that's offered under the hypocritical pretense of celebrating female empowerment.
All style and little plot, but your senior prom date should be as beautiful at 17 as Salma Hayek is at 48.
Unless Lynch and Hannon intentionally want ticket-buyers to immediately Silkwood shower off the ick this effort oozes, I believe they've blown a prime opportunity to celebrate cinematic carnage.
Either you want to see Salma Hayek destroying waves of underworld scumbags, or you do not.
Hip to all the ins and outs of grue and gore [Everly] spares not a single blood-drop.
There isn't much music to be made by mashing the same couple of notes, and the lack of variation gets to be a grind.
a leering flick: leering at violence, leering at Hayek, leering at a level of child-peril that's actually exploitative rather than suspenseful.
Everly could be a spinoff in the world of Kill Bill. It feels lovingly irreverent towards assassin tropes.
Everly is a sleek, air-tight action-thriller that loves playing by its own rules, making a certifiable action star out of Salma Hayek.
"Everly" is effective and gore-soaked and occasionally shocking. And when it plays to packed audiences, it's easy to imagine them whooping in agreement.

@highlight

Everly benefits from Joe Lynch's stylish direction and Salma Hayek's starring work, but it's too thinly written and sleazily violent to fully recommend.