... in the film simply nothing happens... [Full review in Spanish]
Though the sequel doesn't pack as much juice as the original movie, Sex And The City 2 doesn't leave your martini glass empty.
I did actually try to watch it and gave up midway through in nauseated horror.
The most important thing to realize is that the film is poorly written and constructed and is just too long (at almost 2 1/2 hours).
Sex and the City 2 makes Phyllis Schlafly look like Andrea Dworkin.
This is the kind of movie that its participants refer to in small, dismissive groans at reunion parties.
A cliched mess, this comedy lacks the carefree humor of its superior predecessor.
Writer/director Michael Patrick King seems intent on turning Carrie into the most irritatingly selfish, shallow, materialistic character ever to hit any screen.
An echo of the series' glory, but that won't stop the fans. Costumes and one-liners take precedence over female bonding.
This franchise is now officially at war with itself. In order to maintain audience demand for a high level of vicariously thrilling wealth.
It's a toss up which is a worse fate: replacing original creators with hired hands who approach the series mechanically; or letting the originators continue until it becomes apparent they've run out of steam. Sex and the City 2 picks the latter.
[Michael] King has done well to maintain the wry comedy Sex and the City is so well known for, especially considering the over-stretched 146-minute running time.
It's a fairy-tale about fashion, jewelry, gowns, Maybach automobiles, private jets, Rolex watches, style, sophistication, and glamor, and I couldn't wait for it to end.
Sex and the City 2 is the female equivalent of Transformers; a big, dumb blockbuster that doesn't require you to think very hard, if at all ... I mourn the death of four memorable television characters that used to mean something to so many.
Dobra vijest za gledatelje je da Seks i grad 2 nije loiji od prethodnog filma; loa vijest je da nije nimalo bolji
Ignorant, culturally insensitive and unfunny, this is simply the equivalent of a Wiggles concert for the ``I love shoes'' set.
full review at Movies for the Masses
Strictly for the hardcore fans, "Sex And The City 2" may not be in vogue for long.
It might be time for Carrie & Company to hang up the ManoloBlahniks.
... a crummy little vehicle without dignity and too cramped for its fancy clothes.
With SATC2 we were supposed to get a peek at what's next. Instead we got a fanciful vacation and a lame and fluffy version of female power.
The spectacle of four supposedly high-achieving, professional NYC sophisticates "Ooohing" and "Aahing" at a tacky gilt and red-brick fantasy Middle East escaped from a Disney rejects storehouse is beyond risible.
Samantha does everything but draw a picture of the Prophet Muhammad on a pair of crotchless panties.
Unlike the first film, this is self-involved, silly and whiny...and so are the characters.
Girls, let's have another Cosmpolitan and remember the past fondly. But make way for Chelsea [Handler]. She drinks vodka neat. She's a real woman.
Sarah Jessica Parker is now 45 years old, and, frankly, I cannot stomach another moment of the simpering, mincing, hair-tossing, eyelash-batting little-girl shtick she's been pulling ever since L.A. Story.
As for Sarah, looking like what the cat dragged in and then spit out, she's forgotten how to act. Whenever she's on screen, an immediate lack of energy is apparent. It's as if the screen's a black hole sucking up life like a Bounty towel on baby drool.
A new nadir. It's a movie that ignores just about every one of the show's good aspects and plays up everything bad - all while lasting an unforgivably long 146 minutes.
Michael Patrick King throws Carrie Bradshaw & Co. under the intellectual bus, making them do monumentally stupid things to satisfy the plot's demands.
When the best scenes in a movie feature Liza Minnelli singing "Single Ladies" and the foursome singing "I Am Woman," you know the concept has lost its sparkle.
I realize that gaudy fantasy is essential to this franchise, but why does the fantasy have to be so stunted?
"Memaws on Mid-Life Support." To see this movie again, you'd have to grab me by the Barneys and push me hard through the Dior.
The film's tone-deaf cultural awareness extends to a boozy karaoke rendition of "I Am Woman" which is equal parts naïve/patronising.
Best to quit now while there are still a few bubbles left in the champagne.
Sex and the City has turned into a bloated juggernaut of pointlessness. Its female characters are now beyond unbearable, none more so than Carrie.
There's only one thing worse than faking an orgasm: faking laughter. Shame on you, Sex and the City 2, for being a 2.5-hour laughless fake-a-thon that never finds the right spot.
So long as you're happy to suspend your sense of reality and turn a blind eye to the lack of depth in the story, you'll still find some enjoyment with our favourite fab four.
Whenever the light is just right and the angle is just plain wrong, each star gets an unflattering close-up that leaves them looking like drag-queen stand-ins.
While I think it's cute that people get all dressed up and have little parties going to this movie, the actual film is a hellish, embarrassing abomination.
It's all talk and no action.
Sex 2: Narcissism run rampant.
These girls are so hung up on looking great they've forgotten there are several ways to be ugly.
It takes everything that was bad about the first Sex And The City movie, and nothing that was good about the Sex And The City TV series, and mixes it together with a bit of racism to create something even worse.
Once again, Michael Patrick King packs four movies into two and a half hours, and yet there's not quite enough substance for one film. There plenty of snappy one-liners and silly situations, but it will severely test the patience of any non-fan.
If you are contemplating watching the film, you'd be better off with a night in and the box set. Cosmopolitans optional.
Any emotional intelligence or investment made in the television series is crushed into dust under a signature Louboutin sole, and then cast into the 'Arabian' desert along with any shred of the actresses' dignity.
It may be easy to dismiss it as a merely superficial experience: it's all about the clothes, the shoes, the designer life, and of course that's part of it. But it's also about the lives of these women that we've shared for twelve years now.
A movie that does nothing but push its target audience's pleasure buttons is destined to be an abomination, a camp classic or both.
Where the Middle East is rendered with all the insight and sensitivity of a Hope and Crosby
Shoes, money, outfits, shoes, vagina, money, shoes, jewelry, outfits, money, shoes.
Acutely aware of the GFC, writer/director Michael Patrick King looks to Depression-era Hollywood for guidance.
A frothy, meandering tale that's light in the intellectual loafers, but entertainingly told.
Lock them all up and throw away the key is what I say.
There's still enough of the Sex and the City magic for those who fell in love with the show more than a decade ago. Nothing is as smart as it was; it's not as edgy, it's not as cute, it's sagged a bit. But then, haven't we all?
The girls are older but not much wiser making this a movie only their devoted fans will enjoy.
Fans and fashionistas will sit back and savour Sex And The City 2. Everyone else will probably conclude you can have too much of a good thing.
It's like a magic carpet ride for Barbie dolls in which designer fashion and life's frustrations play on a bed of friendship. It ends up with little sex or city, falling short of its promise.
all four women step up onto a karaoke stage in Abu Dhabi and give a rousing rendition of "I Am Woman" surrounded by a bevy of belly dancers. There is just so much wrong with that image that it'S hard to know where to start. But then again, why bother?
Same old silliness, only worse.
A perfectly pleasant way to spend a couple of hours. The vitriol directed against this movie mostly has to do with the ageism and sexism of the reviewers rather than its merits.
It's an obscenity, hopefully a death knell for a franchise that should go gracefully into that good night.
I am a man. I am straight. I really liked the TV show. I am tired of this shtick. And no Samantha, I didn't just say dick.
Parents, lock up your fanboys! ... Admittedly, annoying these computer trolls sounds like reason enough to give Sex and the City 2 a hearty recommendation, but the truth of the matter is that this follow-up to the 2008 smash doesn't quite measure up.
This is by far the lamest Grumpy Old Men sequel yet.
These characters had a great run, but based on this sorry sequel, there's nothing interesting left to do with them.
The nasty critic assault is a 'veiled' attack on sexual empowerment of older women. And makes it seem that females are pariahs more here than the Mideast. If only these 'make war not love' critics were as outspokenly outraged against the US military there
It's a never-ending sequel.
A flagrant insult to the audience that made the first film a phenomenon. Shame on the writers of this soulless drivel for trying to pass this Canal Street bootleg sow's ear off as a genuine Alexander McQueen silk purse.
This second cinematic bite of the apple far exceeds expectations and is a significant improvement over the 2008 movie. Every outfit worn by these endearing ladies is...
just a string of excuses to get the girls back together to chit-chat over coffee and cosmos, all the while making crass and often tired sexual puns.
If only it were two and a half hours of Liza doing Beyonce numbers. Now that would be a truly fabulous two and a half hours well spent.
A 2 1/2 hour test of patience featuring four embarrassingly-entitled Ugly Americans agonizing over trivia and assorted soap opera drama that is, quite frankly, so patently superficial, you almost wish they'd be cursed with some real problems
Superficial, forgettable, meaningless. It's simply bad storytelling, and by the end quite offensive.
The main goal is to transport its target audience to the decidedly less mundane world of Carrie and Friends, and in that sense, the movie is more than successful.
The last gasp of a franchise that has definitively lost touch with its roots.
Despite the venemous SATC backlash, and despite the extreme vapidity on display, it's a reasonably fun romp that fans of the series will certainly enjoy.
Shopping, sex, and stereotypes merge in trite sequel.
The film is most likeable when it remembers that it is meant to be more than an exercise in middle-aged, middle-class smugness and self-absorption. Its principal strength remains its celebration of female friendship.
Like one of those Cosmopolitan cocktails, it's guaranteed to leave women everywhere with a warm, fuzzy glow. For men, it's like all your hangovers came along at once.
The most insulting and dangerous film for women since Pretty Woman. But with less charm.
Fear not ladies, forget any damning reviews you may have read - this is a must for anyone who loves the Manolo-wearing fashionistas, the hugely popular TV series and the 2008 hit film.
It goes from being what we know and love to... what were they thinking?
For the first hour or so it works. Unfortunately, the film is two and a half hours long.
Let me tell you darlings, it's heartbreaking. Even more so than when Mr. Big got cold feet in the first flick.
In the end it's the fun movie it's supposed to be. Raise your cosmos in a modest toast.
To the list of insults, real and imaginary, committed by the Great Satan against the Arab world, add 'Sex and the City 2,' in which Carrie Bradshaw and friends bring their name-brand materialism, exhibitionist licentiousness and Western bunk to Abu Dhabi.
I'm still not sure if writer-director Michael Patrick King intended for his audience to laugh at or with his fab foursome as they refresh the stereotype of the "ugly American" abroad...
It's an almost avant-garde adventure in aimlessness.
An enervated, crass and gruesomely caricatured trip to nowhere [that] seems conceived primarily to find new and more cynical ways to abuse the loyalty of its audience.
At this point it's virtually impossible to escape the cruel irony that Sex and the City, the show, ended when it did so that it wouldn't become what this movie is.
Not that Sex And The City has ever been lauded for its subtlety and grace, but this really is the closest to a Carry On film that the franchise has come so far.
Everyone's phoning it in for the first two hours. And let me point out something that I've just said there: 'The First. Two. Hours.'
Both New York and whatever Moroccan city stands in for Abu Dhabi are shot with such care that the whole thing might as well have been done in somebody's backyard.
It reminds me of another sequel, "Arthur 2: On the Rocks"%u2026a terrible waste of Liza Minnelli.
Future Bolsheviks will use Sex and the City 2 as a recruiting film.
There's nothing wrong with it that couldn't be fixed by shaving 45 minutes off the running time and replacing Carrie Bradshaw with a character who isn't spoiled and unlikable.
In the entire running time there's exactly one scene that's funny and honest and not filled with heavy-handed sex jokes, celebrity cameos or fashion statements.
A degrading portrait of women through an unfunny story about four Ugly Americans abroad.
Now,if only one of my girlfriends would meet a shiekh and have us flown first class to Abu Dhabi.
The bottom line is this: "Sex and the City 2" has everything its fans crave: their four favorite girlfriends, complete with stylish couture, hilarious hi-jinx and middle-aged angst.
Remember the old, boundary-breaking, taboo-toppling Sex and the City? Forget it. Neither sex nor the city plays any role in this film.
It has no plot to speak of, little in the way of wit or intelligence, and is about 50% longer than can reasonably be justified.
At two and a half hours, Sex 2 -- like its predecessor -- is a long sit in the shallows, the equivalent of five half-hour episodes strung together.
But amid the luxury of Abu Dhabi, the New Yorkers soon butt up against tradition, and their outrageous antics are no longer funny and harmless but offensive and dangerous.
So, should you see it? If you're a SATC devotee, does it matter what this review says? It shouldn't.
The moment of dread. It comes for all beloved series, and in Sex and the City 2, it arrives with embarrassing suddenness.
Early in Sex and the City 2, I started a list of things that could easily be cut because they go nowhere. It's a long list.
Thank Jimmy Choo for feminism! Am I right, ladies? I mean, not the nasty hairy feminism that's all about equal pay and publicly subsidized day care and all that nonsense...
Though the 2 in the title implies a double shot of everything fans loved about the series, there is less.
Although the movie repeatedly gives glossed lip service to feminism, it actually gives detractors who said the series perpetrated shallow female stereotypes a huge, glittery, indefensible target.
I loved Sex and the City 2, enjoying every single campy, over-the-top moment. It's a crime that we have to wait possibly another two long years for the next installment to possibly come out. What's up with that?
It's supposed to be Sex and the City. This is Sects and the Souk.
Sex and the City 2 has very little sex, and not a lot of city. Bad move.
The stakes are so low that, during the girls' final madcap sprint through an outdoor market disguised in burqas, the unspeakable outcome they're trying to forestall is the possibility of having to fly home in coach.
On behalf of all sane and sensitive Americans, let me be one of the first to apologize to the Middle East and the Arab world for Sex and the City 2.
Twelve years, one beloved HBO series, and two feature films on, the Sex and the City gals have been reduced to Bratz dolls for grown women.
The movie completely unravels into a pastiche of wish-fulfillment, slapstick, and ham-handed social commentary.
I lost count of the number of times the filmmakers dropped the word "sparkle" into the script; no doubt they thought they were going for gold, but they've created a load of Ratners.
Carrie is presented as some kind of empowering female image. That's scary because she's really more of an old school stereotype as she chases romantic clichés while pretending to write her own rules.
There's a half-hour of good stuff to be had in this big-screen sequel...unfortunately, it's preceded by nearly two hours of listless filler.
This is the new torture porn.
runs approximately the same length as the first film -- that is to say, an excessive 150 minutes -- yet it can't seem to find time for any genuine emotion or a compelling storyline
Earth hath not anything to show more fatuous than this sequel to an already otiose movie of the hit television series.
Thanks to writer-director Michael Patrick King, I now have a fair idea how it might feel to be stoned to death with scented candles.
With writer/director Michael Patrick King and the whole gang back, 'Sex and the City 2' is as dry as the country they leave the city for.
King can't keep a straight face for long enough to make it work, sabotaging his own characters for the sake of a shallow karaoke number. Don't sing along.
Sex and the City 2 delivers clunky jokes, unengaging plot twists and characterizations and, worst of all, it's ugly to look at.
Sex and the City 2 gives the fans what they want: more of everything. Haters will continue to hate it, but it's not for them anyway.
It is not the fashion or the romance we tune in to see but the bond between the women who acknowledge that they are each other's soul mates
The tagline states that we should 'Carrie on.' The publicity dept. almost got it right, but the spelling's off. It needs to be 'Carrion' because nothing says putrefying, rotten and vile quite like this sequel.
A ghastly mess, and a stake in the heart of the great TV series.
Very limited shots of New York City, destroying a beloved character, and the girls have all matured and are no longer what Sex and the City was and has been about.
A miscalculation of feminine power so extreme that our country's threat level should immediately be raised.
Overly long, superficial and shallow. Their closets have been updated but not their sensitivity.
Glamour porn with fashion that looks like Lady Gaga at a Wal-Mart shopping spree and a plot that at times is cinematic roadkill. Nonetheless, these are still likable and entertaining characters. The movie did its job and because of that, I enjoyed it.
Disposable, glitzy fun lacking depth or staying power, Sex And The City 2 is the cinematic version of karaoke: a giddy, silly hoot best enjoyed in tipsy groups.
The creator has not absorbed any lesson of his first film's weaknesses: The zeitgeist has changed considerably since the 1990s, not to mention the fact that the four women are simply too old for such silly escapades.
The ugly smell of unexamined privilege hangs over this film like the smoke from cheap incense.
Each in different stages of their well preserved-and well heeled-lives, the "Fab Four's" dramadies continue for the audiences who love them. Trouble is the surrounding story and its supposedly fun sojourns are as embarrassing as granny panties.
Like a plastic surgeon, storyteller King keeps trying to find new ways to lift and tighten his characters, but they have become garish caricatures of themselves.
This film sequel based on the long-running HBO series douses whatever sparkle remains of these beloved characters and their adventures in the big city.
It's worse than Sex and the City 1, and that alone is a remarkable achievement.
Vapid, overlong, painfully unfunny, preposterous and, worst of all, boring. It's so bad that it's gone past good and back to bad again.
This feels bigger and more cinematic than the first film, and sees a progression in the lives of the characters. But many of the jokes are beyond broad, and the Middle Eastern stereotypes are shockingly cack-handed.
Even in the context of that lumpy, overpriced Birkin bag of stuff we call Hollywood product, Sex and the City 2 hits a new low of idiocy and crassness.
Badly misjudged, poorly plotted sequel that will disappoint even die-hard fans of the show, thanks to a hideously offensive second half that destroys any remaining goodwill towards the rest of the film.
It's actually hard to describe just how bad Sex and the City 2 really is.
The franchise will eventually, like all things, come to an end ... Sex and the City 2 is one step closer to that inevitability, so there is hope in it.
This may be this first time since "Lucky Lady" that I walked away from a film thinking that it needed more Liza.
When Marie Antoinette did this, the people tore down the f'ing Bastille. When our "Sex and the City" girls do it, they slurp it up like box rosé and Häagen-Dazs.
Amounts to little more than a two-and-a-half-hour plotless fashion show.
This is a sequel that doesn't come close to justifying its existence.
Sex and the City 2 is a champagne cocktail on a runaway train -- fizzy, sparkly, giddy-making, and splashing all over the place.
It's a marathon of shopping, eating, oooh-ing, and gasping. Or, for the viewers, retching and dozing.
When Carrie asks Big, "Am I just a bitch wife who nags you?" I could hear all the straight men in the theater -- all four of us -- being physically prevented from responding.
For a franchise that was supposed to be adventurous about sex, this film is about as cutting-edge as The Love Boat. But if you're a fan, you'll get your money's worth.
Suggesting some kind of quasi-feminist Manhattan-boosterism has always made the Sex and the City series phony, as well as loathsome.
If you're already sick of the hype and wondering whether a second Sex and the City movie was really necessary, here's a surprising answer: Yes, in fact, it was.
Sarah Jessica Parker is now 45 years old, and, frankly, I cannot stomach another moment of the simpering, mincing, hair-tossing, eyelash-batting little-girl shtick she's been pulling ever since she emerged...
Will the film appeal to the franchise's core fan base? Yeah, I suppose. To the rest of the world, this is one of the most aggressively unlikable films to hit screens in quite some time. (Parental Review also included)
Abysmal...a chick-flick 'Ishtar.'
This one is for the fans, not the critics. Paul Chambers, CNN.
There's so much glossy sheen to the work that it's easy to forgive the contrived "issues" that must be faced for character growth.
Put simply, I couldn't stand this monstrous claptrap of a motion picture, its frivolousness and obnoxiously noxious bad taste leaving me more or less stunned by just how horrific it actually was.
If cartoons of Mohammed have incited Jihad, "Sex and the City 2" may add nukes to the equation.
Two camels substitute for Fonzie's shark in this franchise-ending sequel
What started out as a high flying confection, perched steadily on stiletto sharp heels, has deflated into a sad, puffy mess.
As Carrie might type on her laptop while giving one of her girly little shrugs, When did Sex and the City become so long and mean so little?
The gossamer-thin plot is more flimsy than some of the characters' dresses and at 146 minutes, the sequel overstays its welcome by the best part of an hour.
Perhaps it's time to call it a day.
The film might have triumphed as a musical: camp, virtually plotless, and liberally sequined. But sadly this sequel is not Sex and the City -- it is Menopause in the Desert, and a waste of four great characters.
Filled with lame Niqab jokes that could have been lifted out of ISHTAR, or a bad episode of FAMILY GUY.
That Charlotte would then deny her Jewish husband's name because she wants to enjoy the proffered ultra-deluxe freebie, explaining, "This is the Middle East," is arguably despicable.
The sequel is too long and is missing that sparkle and surprise factor which made the series and first film so enjoyable. Even Samantha's character felt forced and overdone.
...a moving, surprisingly traditional 'women's picture' in ridiculous, overpriced clothing.
Sex and the City 2 is even worse than its predecessor -- a shallow cash grab that suffers from a bloated runtime and lack of story.
It's self-indulgent, way too long and never as clever or funny as it's intended to be.
Bad puns, fashion porn, domestic handwringing, contrived plot points, idiotic dialogue and offensive stereotypes. What's not to loathe?
Women, this isn't empowerment; it's like watching Us Weekly prank call the New York Times.
I enjoyed these characters more when they were rich, rather than obscenely rich, when their self-involvement and life crises had one foot on planet Earth -- and when they weren't all gussied up like Mae West in Sextette.
As tasteless as an Arabian cathouse, as worn-out as your 1998 flip-flops and as hideous as the mom jeans Carrie wears with a belly-baring gingham top, Sex and the City 2 is two of the worst movies of the year.
Even director Michael Patrick King, known for his sense of excess, seems to recognize that we've been down this road before, and we know where it ends.
There are heisty hijinks involving lost passports and spice bags and menopause drugs and "inter-friend-tions," but they all just blow pointlessly around in the desert dust.
King and his cast seem content to put everything on autopilot and hope glamour and shopping sprees will be enough to carry them. Nothing much happens -- and it takes 2.5 hours for it not to happen in.
Though the sequel is a welcome return of the four women we know and love, it's tough not to acknowledge that if we were all friends in real life, at this point we'd probably stop taking their calls.
The first SATC film was such a downbeat snooze that one assumed it couldn't get worse. But it can - and it does.
An insult to the memory of the cleverly written show and its celebration of friendship, it's a slap in the face for the four gal pals (often photographed at unflattering angles) and an affront to Muslims.
Some of these people make my skin crawl. The characters of Sex and the City 2 are flyweight bubbleheads living in a world which rarely requires three sentences in a row.
One wrongheaded jaw-dropper follows another, from Samantha's description of a gay manservant as "Paula Abdul" to a comic climax in which the ladies escape an angry male mob by wearing hijabs and abayas given to them by like-minded Muslim women.
Honestly, by the time they ride camels, it's Ishtar in designer gowns.
Here's another measure of how drastically the recession has affected American culture: Sex and the City isn't fun anymore.
It's slower and more of an eye-roller than the first film, but also a lot more about the women.
The only thing memorable about Sex and the City 2 is the number two part, which describes it totally, if you get my drift.
In this second screen incarnation of the fabulous HBO series, the satire is sagging, the irony's atrophied and the funny is flabby.
Rights most of the wrongs of its predecessor, reclaiming all of the intelligence, humanity and humor audiences received when the series was airing. Most important, spending time with Carrie & Co. is once again a blast. The real them had been missed.
There's a beating human heart at the origin of the Sex and the City behemoth, but this unwelcome, undignified sequel does everything it can to bury it.
If Sex and the City was Star Wars for girls, then Sex and the City 2 is The Empire Strikes Back. The ladies of Sex and the City still are sexy, sassy and living large.
Continues to be little more than the female equivalent to porn, a fashionable but unrealistic fairy tale with very little actual meat, but this time, it feels more like a cash grab.
Had the filmmakers created an all-out sex farce porno centered on Kim Cattrall's cougar-in-heat Samantha Jones, then at least the genre would fit the material's instant gratification intentions.
An atrocious motion picture...makes The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert look like The Remains of the Day.
It's not often a horror film reaches into the depths of my soul, grabs my heart and shatters it into a billion terrified pieces.
In a coma on life-support. Not sexy, no story, ugly clothes, the women look horribly aged but Max Ryan is sex in the desert. Insults a Muslim culture.
A bloated, wearyingly unsubtle, dramatically inert valentine to conspicuous consumption. The movie's overly demonstrative acting style -- embodied in varying degrees by all four leads -- seems pitched at small children.
The most depressing thing about Sex and the City 2 is that it seems to justify every nasty thing said and written about the series and first feature film.
Michael Patrick King's fascist, superficial assessment of the Sex and the City girls' intelligence insults them as the women we came to know them as on television, and no doubt has Susan Sontag turning in her grave.


@highlight

Straining under a thin plot stretched to its limit by a bloated running time, Sex and the City 2 adds an unfortunate coda to the long-running HBO series.