Hollywood hasn't come up with a story as exciting as this.
Tabloid is totally fascinating. It features brilliant editing and pacing along with well thought out concepts that are expertly executed. A must see!
Mesmerizing...In Joyce McKinney, Morris has found a fittingly weird and funny muse
Operates as both an examination of the dominating media mentality at the time and an embodiment of it, no less keen on delving into the juicy details now as tabloid rags were then.
Morris gets to have his cake and eat it.
It's a bizarre "where are they now?" story of a rather unedifying kind, and one feels ashamed of laughing at this sad exhibitionist.
Morris suggests that you can sometimes find profundity in triviality - and though Joyce condemns herself out of her own mouth, it is always possible to feel sorry for a woman whose obsession has so totally ruled her life.
A vivid picture of the way we lived then.
McKinney is no Robert McNamara, but there are lessons to be learned from this fog of sleaze.
Morris's doc is less about What Really Happened than exploring the lifespan of one of those stories that kept on giving.
[Morris] tells us nothing about the prurience and gutter morality of the tabloid newspaper industry that Britons haven't heard every day and that the world, in the Murdochgate era, is now hearing likewise.
Compelling, weird and queasy documentary on the eccentric Joyce McKinney and her stranger-than-fiction story.
A truly bizarre tale, Tabloid is enjoyable but not as compelling as some of Morris' previous documentaries...
This is a lighter, less significant work than his 'Standard Operating Procedure' or 'The Fog of War', but it's engrossing and pleasingly slippery with the facts.
A bizarre coda turns what begins as a playful exposé of the British media's sensationalist excesses into a surreal voyage into a warped mind no reporter could invent.
A compelling story told with Morris's usual flair.
Tabloid is such a mirthful, fascinating and fantastically entertaining documentary that you can't help but get caught up in all the sordid fun
McKinney is mesmerizing: the vain, expressive, motormouthed star of an elaborately structured drama of self that qualifies as one of the more astonishing first-person cinematic tours de force since 'Eddie Murphy Raw.'
...fairly lightweight. But it's nevertheless one of the most entertaining movies that will hit theaters this year.
A lot of fun; Morris himself is clearly unconvinced about Joyce -- and no wonder -- but she's a funny woman and hers is a ripping yarn if ever there was one.
Expertly guided by Errol Morris, and featuring a wholly compelling subject, this is a fascinating exploration of truth and memory.
Errol Morris hits the doco jackpot with a story that is both resoundingly human and resoundingly ironic about an ex beauty queen with a shady past who falls in love with Kirk Anderson, a young man whose strict religion forbids sex
A scandal involving a beauty queen, sex-in-chains, a religious cult, kidnapping and the tabloids are the ingredients of this bizarre true story that gets more fantastic as it goes along
Tabloid is a documentary that proves conclusively that the truth really is stranger than fiction.
Any film that elicits wide-eyed comments like, "What a story!" afterward is inherently successful.
On first look, Errol Morris' documentary appears to tell McKinney's story, drawing from the story reported by British tabloids in 1977. But it's also about truth and storytelling more broadly, the ways stories escape their tellers.
If "Tabloid" feels like a minor Morris work compared to "The Fog of War" or "Mr. Death," it is still entertaining, with a sly sense of humor and an empathetic eye for the bizarre that harkens back to earlier movies like "Gates of Heaven."
You may see -- and perhaps already have seen -- better documentaries this year than Errol Morris' Tabloid, but I doubt you'll see a more entertaining one.
Tabloid is a nice commentary on [Errol Morris'] particular style of 'truth-telling' and objectivity. In the end, we're all lying simply by telling our version of the truth.
Errol Morris is a genius, a gifted documentarian who has made better movies than "Tabloid," but none so entertaining.
Morris has found a real character in McKinney, but to what end, I couldn't say.
"Tabloid" is tantalizing, but like yesterday's headlines, it's a fleeting flirtation.
It's a titillating yarn told with verve, but it doesn't shed much light on how tabloids create and encourage such stories, nor does it, finally, tell us much about human nature -- other than, perhaps, to illustrate an extreme case of it.
The celebrated filmmaker has created a meta-tabloid of sorts, surrendering to the idea that the truth is absurdly unknowable.
Morris compellingly unfolds the story and clearly means for us to see our own untoward qualities writ large in Joyce and the circus surrounding her.
Fascinating, whimsically humorous and poignant, all at once.
In addition to his admirable qualities, Morris also seems to find his subject to be hilarious. And she is.
Though the events Tabloid recounts took place in the pre-digital age, the film also functions as a kind of prehistory of modern celebrity culture and tabloid journalism.
a magnificently unsettling and funny-sad portrait of the arguably sick relationships that are forged between celebrities, the media, and their audiences
The film around [Joyce] McKinney isn't quite sure of what it's about, at times... but McKinney herself is the sort of arresting figure that you don't shake easily.
Errol Morris succeeds against all odds in besting his previous Olympians of quirkiness.
Morris's subject is sexual fantasy and a particular kind of American stupidity-the ability to substitute self-justification for self-knowledge. His tone is merry.
McKinney is of course the star, insisting that her version of events is the true one and that everyone else has some sort of axe to grind and doesn't know what they're talking about.
It is quite simply one of the craziest stories ever told, made all the crazier by the fact that it's true. Or at least some version of it is true.
William Carlos Williams wrote "The pure products of America/ Go crazy," and the funny, freaky Tabloid captures that contrast, that promise, that curse.
Tabloid, Errol Morris' latest wild and woolly portrait of human self-delusion, is a scandal-sheet dream come to life.
The movie is guilty of condescending toward its subjects, though most of them appear to be having a fabulous time telling tales.
Doesn't tell us anything about sleazy journalism or the insatiable thirst for gossip that we didn't already know. Far-fetched and overblown just about sums it up.
A tale of obsession and abduction, self-delusion and sexual confusion, Errol Morris' Tabloid stands as an almost giddy affirmation of the old cliche: Truth is stranger than fiction.
"Tabloid" is the hilariously strange-but-true documentary of Joyce McKinney, a media-savvy nutcase decades ahead of her time, thank the Lord.
With its cutesy cut-out graphics and mock-emphatic headlines, Tabloid sends up the hysteria of supermarket-rag coverage, but that's also the fuel that keeps it running.
The viewer is left with no clear indication of what really happened, but with a vibrant portrait of a compelling character. That's what Morris is after.
A wonderfully crafted and incredibly entertaining nonfiction film with all the wily narrative surprise of a tawdry B-movie run amok.
A thought-provoking picture raising the question: Can a woman rape a man, or is it merely assault with intent to please? You be the judge.
Morris adds to the hilarity with his signature device of superimposing key words onscreen in giant type; the movie is a welcome reminder that he got his start immortalizing American oddballs.
Morris is clearly fascinated by her mega eccentricities and lets her go on at great length telling her side of the story.
First-tier documentarian Errol Morris finds himself slumming a bit with Tabloid.
Although he has tackled many serious subjects (and finally won an Oscar for The Fog of War, his gut-wrenching portrait of former Secretary of Defense Robert S. McNamara), filmmaker Errol Morris has always had a fondness for life's oddballs...
Tabloid spins a heck of a yarn, while implicitly warning viewers not to be so entertained that they believe every gamy detail.
McKinney, a born performer, is in her glory as she spins her version of the affair.
Morris realizes he has a genuine character in McKinney, and gives her the spotlight.
I have some misgivings about Morris' playful approach to a woman who seems to be ill, but the film is beautifully made and the story is a knockout.
For fans of Morris's work, which often grapples with the nature of truth and memory, it's a must-see film.
It's all compelling, in the way reading trashy gossip usually is. But without any new perspectives, what's the point?
"Tabloid" shows that an oddball lead character and a smirky style do not necessarily add up to a complete movie.
Like a sensationalistic flavor-of-the-month crime or Hollywood scandal, the film is sure to capture the viewer's attention while it plays out, but is just as destined to lose its luster the second the saga in question has run its course.
Another of Morris' alternately hilarious and disturbing inquiries into the slippery nature of truth.
A provocative, captivating and surprisingly funny documentary. Joyce McKinney deserves to be nominated for Best Actress of the Year.
Morris is a storyteller of the highest order, and within seconds, he draws us into his subject, doling out details, making us wonder what will happen next and dropping bombs for maximum impact.
...while "Tabloid" is undeniably entertaining, hilarious at times, it is also a little troubling...
'Tabloid' never rises above -- in fact, it becomes -- the absurdity it depicts.
Errol Morris's documentary was made, and scheduled for release, long before the News of the World story broke. The smart part is that the film dissects those excesses deftly with a quasitabloid style of its own.
The sheer heterogeneity of human experience is one of [Morris'] enduring preoccupations, and he has found, once again, an impossible and perfect embodiment of just how curious our species can be.
What is real and what is fiction, in this reality show that preceded all others by over 20 years, is a matter of conjecture.
While it makes for a compelling tale, the only thing that separates this from a segment on Inside Edition is Morris' whiz-bang skill as a documentarian.
Compared with Morris' best and most provocative documentaries, like The Fog of War, Tabloid is just a trifle. It's a silly little thing that goes down easy and is forgotten almost instantly.
It's a guaranteed good time at the movies, but I can think of at least three other Morris films that have stuck with me longer.
Errol Morris's most intimate work since Fast, Cheap, and Out of Control
Morris is such a savvy, irony-tinged master of the essayist documentary form, McKinney's own perspective becomes a tabla rasa for all sorts of sexual, voyeuristic and media desires.
Morris' most flat-out enjoyable picture
The enjoyably wacky scenario of Errol Morris's "Tabloid" is cookie-cutter material for the documentarian, but Morris wields his cookie cutter like a pro.
A wild and weird Errol Morris documentary about the stories we tell ourselves to cope with life's disappointments.
A weird, somewhat funny, considerably disturbing exploration of an unreliable narrator and a hungry media that eventually turns a convicted criminal into a celebrity.
Morris' spirited pacing and the jaunty score from John Kusiak help maintain a tone that's part mocking, part suspenseful.
As is often the case with Morris, we can never be sure what he thinks, only that he wants to baffle us with the impenetrable strangeness of reality.
McKinney may well be a madwoman, but Morris connects so deeply to her obsessions that the film's tone never seems exploitative or mocking.
Tabloid stories may be a dime a dozen, but documentaries as amusing and entertaining as Tabloid aren't so easy to find.
...a film with meager production values about an odd woman and what she did to inspire the British tabloids...not for everybody, but for some it might have a morbid fascination.
Evading the issue of what used to be called "yellow journalism," Morris' depraved method prevents us from ever getting out of this swamp.
At 88 minutes, Tabloid is short and sweet (it's pure movie candy), but by the end we've forged an emotional connection to Joyce McKinney at the deep core of her unapologetic fearless/nutty valor.
Documentary maverick Errol Morris stays quirky and goes trashy...Style here surpasses content, but there's entertainment aplenty to bring audiences to the table.
It's all very amusing, but maybe the film's keenest insight into tabloid journalism is Morris's own exploitation of the pitiful, perhaps delusional McKinney.
Sadly, this is a master going through the basest of motions.
...the canny methods [Errol Morris] uses to get deep inside his subjects are, as usual, utterly riveting.
Absurd as it sounds, Joyce's conviction is not only convincing but contagious. So, too, is her elastic sense of reality-a 90-minute immersion in her world is enough to make you question your own.
A far more light-hearted approach than some of Morris' other recent work but just as layered and thorough in terms of getting to the heart of a story and leaving you thinking afterwards.
Morris' lightest, most amusing film since 1997's Fast, Cheap & Out of Control.
Gotcha sleaze, bondage, lapsed libido and sacred Mormon underwear. And no different from trotting out the disfigured for amusement, at circuses of thankfully bygone days. More to the point, what in the world happened to Errol Morris? Tabloid, indeed.
Tabloid is candy for voyeurs. We laugh like mad at a nut whose only mistake was being born in the last century, too early to have made real money.
Morris' choice of title may be ripe with ironic intent, but the film is what it is: an arrogant, obscene, inexcusable example of tabloid exploitation.
The truth is an ever elusive concept, especially in the films of Errol Morris.
When man bites dog or woman rapes man, that's news: and Errol Morris knows how to put the latter across.
A hilariously bonkers saga... a story whose twists are unthinkable.
It's an amusing 90 minutes even if the subject doesn't really merit this level of attention, and if you enjoy laughing at people who can't seem to help themselves you'll have a great time.
Tabloid becomes an elaborate game of he-said-she-said that winks at the viewer with enough self-consciousness to share the joke.
As with any of Morris' documentaries, Tabloid is thematically rich beyond the bounds of its central focus.
complex, intriguing and always entertaining
Hugely enjoyable, frequently funny and luridly fascinating documentary that's utterly riveting from beginning to end.
Morris traces this perfect tabloid tale in all its hilarious, sad and bizarre particulars... while suggesting that the truth is both hostage to media interests and hidden in a Fog of Love.
Errol Morris is one of the true masters of the documentary form.
A lark, maybe, but a truly disturbing work.
Errol Morris' Tabloid is bonkers in all the best possible ways -- a welcome return to perverse portraiture after a lengthy sojourn in the realm of more serious-minded subjects.
Morris clearly invested so much time and energy in McKinney's story because he saw her as emblematic of our crazed times. Others might wonder whether the sad saga deserves quite this much attention, but there's no denying the film's morbid fascination.
Tabloid is nothing more than a lark, the equivalent of glancing at the goofy headlines in the checkout line and then forgetting all about them.





@highlight

It's far from his most thought-provoking work, but Tabloid finds Errol Morris as smart, spirited, and engaging as ever.