It's good fun ... and if it doesn't reinvent the genre, at least, at 89 minutes, it quits just as it's getting old.
It doesn't really feel like a sequel. It's basically an identical retelling of the original story, but told worse.
The innovator has become the bottom of the barrel garbage copycat, ripping off of everything from its predecessor and other movies that have followed in its footsteps.
In its general lack of imagination, illogical use of found footage, and stultifying narration, Blair Witch falls well short of its predecessor -- even if there are a few jump scares.
Wingard seriously overdoes the false alarms, the climactic pursuit goes on far too long, and the whole thing is too obviously dependent on a scary sound design.
Once in the woods the movie just rehashes the original, complete with panicked breathing, under-lit photography, snapping twigs, and so.
Blair Witch is the scariest flick I have seen in a while.
I wouldn't wish this exhausting nightmare on my worst enemy-and at the same time, I recommend it.
This film is so much like the first film in tone and premise as to be excruciating at times, because the audience has seen it all before.
What follows is the usual "creepy" sounds from the darkness, those infamous hanging stick figures and some interesting ideas that are never fully realised.
The new Blair Witch film lacks a real proposal and personality. Its only another found footage movie that, except for its last 10 minutes, is incapable of arousing any emotion. [Full review in Spanish]
Blair Witch is probably fascinating for young viewers who had never seen the original movie and didn't live through that hype, but for those familiar, it offers nothing new.
By showing too much in an unfocused manner, the grounded reality of the Blair Witch legend is peeled back to reveal the very obvious paranormal story at its heart, making the sequel a dull and listless venture to sit through.
Brings new ideas to the table without straying from what made the original film so memorable.
The multiple camera angles ensure that just as dread surges -- the waiting was always the hardest part in The Blair Witch Project -- we cut away to something less nerve-wrecking.
A lot of generic fluff attached to a brand name that was irreparably damaged in 2000.
The microphones on the tiny digital cameras shouldn't be picking up much, but verisimilitude be damned, because Blair Witch renders every snapped stick, crushed leaf, and distant guttural noise as an ear-blistering assault.
Where Wingard fares best is in evoking an unnerving mood.
A film which only merit is trying to impress psychologically, without the slightest truculence. [Full review in Spanish]
A redundant film with no surprise factor to justify it. [Full review in Spanish]
A movie that leaves you with a bad taste in your mouth because of its inability to find its own voice. [Full review in Spanish]
The biggest crime of this film is wanting to excessively look like The Blair Witch Project, and its inability to innovate or bring something new to a story that we already knew. [Full review in Spanish]
I have to qualify the heck out of this review.
It takes it's lean formula and creates as rich a story as possible, while creating some interesting new wrinkles
An unnecessary sequel to the witch that has nothing more than an irritating load of jump scares. [Full review in Spanish]
Despite its lack of soul and own ideas, the last twenty minutes are a true fright fest full of jump scares. [Full review in Spanish]
Back into the creepy, tangled woods we go, folks, and what a surprisingly strong nerve-shaker it is, the signature shakycam notwithstanding...Great to see another top-notch scarefest so soon after Don't Breathe.
The Blair Witch is capable of felling giant trees, warping time and space, and even foiling electronics: Just kill these poor kids already and be done with it.
Resemble(s) stock slasher films in which pinheaded mortals are picked off one at a time by a lurking plot device.
A disappointingly underwhelming sequel...
Despite its artful playing with digital-audio and video, this re-Blair repeats the problems of many a found-footage horror: uninteresting characters taking us on a rattle-and-startle run through a void of subtext.
Try to bring this story to new generations, repeating the same formula of the prequel, resulted in a total disaster. [Full review in Spanish]
You can't say this film didn't scare you, even if you don't want to admit it. [Full review in Spanish]
"Oh, ***k this," says James, belatedly...at the point when it's clearly too late to do anything but die. You're tempted to reply, "no, ***k you".
The film shows what we have seen so many times, and frankly I'm tired, especially of the found footage subgenre that is already far from being a modern contribution. [Full review in Spanish]
[Blair Witch] lacks a new, fresh angle.
Without any newness besides the technological aspect, succumbs to the freshness of the original title. [Full review in Spanish]
It offers this mission statement for filmmakers: 'We faked it because it's real.'
... lightning doesn't strike twice in movies, and, paradoxically, the best audience this Blair Witch can hope for is one that its predecessor ensured doesn't exist anymore: people who have never seen a found-footage horror flick.
Not so much a remake or a reboot as a fairly uninspired remix.
... works too hard to justify its contrived concept, perhaps anticipating scrutiny of the logical gaps too numerous to mention.
What an unnecessary movie.
while moments work and Wingard wrings a number of genuine scares out of the material, it ultimately feels so familiar that it's hard to see the point
Garbage. Stinky garbage.
If you're scared of twigs this movie will have you urinating in the aisles.
This might lack the raw lengthy unease of the original, but for the most part it sticks to what was creepy about [it].
There is a lot of good stuff going on here, not the least of which is a climax so well-orchestrated that it plays right into our urge to peak at the screen behind clenched fingers, arguably the greatest of litmus tests for fear-inducing journeys.
This movie is not convincing at all, doesn't bring anything new to the table and can be dull at times. Such a bad sequel for 'The Blair Witch Project'. [Full review in Spanish]
Unfortunately, this one loses its power as soon as you leave the theater, and it poses no threat of haunting your dreams.
This is still a scary film, but the more Winguard shows, the less frightening it becomes -- and it leans on a few too many horror clichés instead of subverting them.
An utterly ordinary found footage film straightjacketed by a prestigious but dusty property.
Ultimately, it pays off with a nerve-shredding finale every bit as shiver-inducing and despairing as the original.
Blair Witch adds nothing to the original idea, and managed to make me feel simultaneously anxious, and bored.
It feels like a real test of Wingard and Barrett's ability to cross over into a bigger commercial world, and the movie is as good a Blair Witch film as anyone could have faithfully delivered.
Depends too much on cheap jump-scares and trying to emulate the original, that it falls really short of expectations. Not even a thrilling and scary third act can save it. [Full review in Spanish]
Blair Witch is blasphemy, taking in vain the name of a landmark exercise in horror and hype.
Blair Witch follows the original's beats so precisely that at times it seems the film is more eager to elicit memories of its predecessor than to stand on its own at all.
Do not go in there. No, seriously. The resurrected Blair Witch is a reminder that some failed franchises are better off dead.
It's less a sequel or a "reboot" than a remake, but without the freshness of the stylistic and marketing hooks that made the first one so memorable.
Efficient if unadventurous.
It's okay to crank everything up to 11, but you gotta know when to tone it back down.
To quote B.B. King, "The thrill is gone."
Yet another disappointingly lazy horror film that lacks scares, imagination and cleverness. It should have gone straight to VOD. Can we please call a moratorium on found footage horror films?
"Blair Witch" is a pale imitation, lacking wit, tension or anything resembling scares.
Barrett and Wingard slavishly reprise the beats of the original movie and suffer gravely by comparison.
Wingard and Barrett's previous films are told with style, wit, and energy that amount to a voice uniquely their own. That voice is sorely missed here.
Blair Witch is nothing but a pale imitation of The Blair Witch Project -- void of all creativity and originality. It's so bad, it manages what should have been impossible and is far worse than Book of Shadows: Blair Witch 2.
If The Blair Witch Project had the power to trouble your sleep, the rote replications of Blair Witch may just induce it.
Alas, Blair Witch is another carnival of jump-scares: the new found-footage is the same as the old found-footage, despite the technological leaps.
[It's] directed and scored by Adam Wingard and scripted by Simon Barrett, the duo whose 2014 The Guest actually managed to be violent, creepy and scary.
...sufficiently honors the original film while also making a queasy impression of its own.
The reliance here is on jump scares rather than psychological horror and the result is less than spellbinding.
Save a rushed and misguided sequel in 2000, the Blair Witch saga had all but ended... until fans of the original decided to bring it back, up the ante, and make a modern horror classic.
Blair Witch isn't going to change the landscape of horror, but it's a worthy successor to a true classic.
Emerges as satisfying in its own right and pretty damn scary.
Though it stays true to the spirit of the original, Blair Witch lacks the novelty and ingenuity that disguised many of its predecessor's flaws. It's probably time for the Blair Witch to move to the suburbs and settle down.
Blair Witch (2016) is what The Blair Witch Project would be if the original had been made today - which is both a compliment and a concession.
A movie that contributes nothing new to either the Blair Witch mythos or the vast landscape of found-footage horror.
Despite being equipped with hi-tech GoPro-style cameras and GPS, as well as a drone, the investigators lose their grip almost immediately, but it's an hour before any frights ensue, and those are mostly jump-scares.
Belated "official" sequel to 1999 hit updates technology but repeats the original's shocks - only much louder and lamer
Rarely do Hollywood horrors leave you feeling this lost, this helpless. For a few of us psychos, that's a positive.
If unzipping a tent to brave whatever's making that horrible noise just outside isn't scary, then Blair Witch has fundamentally failed.
If only the potential audience for this one could be bothered to Netflix "The Blair Witch Project" this reboot could have been avoided. Actually, it still should be.
Relying on the same technique, however well done, is like a plate of warmed-up leftovers from last night's wonderful meal. It's never as good the second time.
Perhaps for someone who never saw The Blair Witch Project, this might represent an adequate scary movie.
In spite of some stabs at freshness in presenting the found footage requisites, Blair Witch is largely stuck going through the motions established by its predecessor.
As it grows more unreal, this "threequel" to the original Blair Witch Project becomes intensely scary, but it's undone by a weak set-up and irritatingly dumb, shallow characters.
Adam Wingard's sequel/reboot Blair Witch is really just a remake in disguise, bogged down by a bad case of 'same thing, just more of it'.
Absolutely awful... one of the ugliest movies you'll ever see.
Blair Witch nods to the first film but never rediscovers its power.
[A] profanity-provoking session of found footage bingo.
Just as pointless, forgettable, and motion-sickness-inducing as the original. At least Blair Witch has the decency to shove its characters into the corner when they misbehave. All that's missing is the dunce cap that each of them deserves.
We've been over saturated with the genre and so to really stand out it needed to do something new, and it just doesn't.
Like most strong directors going into the bosom of a franchise there's some feeling of restriction to Adam Wingard's latest, but pure terror still works its way through.
If a tree falls in the forest and only the Blair Witch is there to hear it, can anyone hear you scream?
Despite the title change and connection to The Blair Witch Project this is still that same generic horror movie with little new to offer.
There's no excusing the misguided actions of these new characters, because they know exactly what's in store for them.
A sloppy, forced attempt to resurrect a franchise that should have been left to die in the Maryland wilderness.
The second half kicks off with a literal snap, and what follows is an absolutely solid, tension-filled, horror movie.
The gotchas aren't novel, particularly frightful or ghastly, or anything you haven't seen before; they just come via new gadgetry.
There's really nothing that special here, but an upgraded arsenal of equipment (drone camera, GPS, etc.) produces a far more visceral experience.
A thrill ride that's as terrifying as it is no-nonsense.
Wingard was in high school when "The Blair Witch Project" came out, so he's checking something off his personal list here. Everyone else moved on from "Blair Witch," with good reason, a long time ago.
Awful on an epic scale.
Takes a while to get going, but it pays off in the last act, when all hell finally breaks loose and we're treated to a spookhouse full of sustained, mostly dialogue-free terror.
The Blair Witch returns, but this sequel isn't as effective as the original. Still, Adam Wingard and Simon Barrett add enough variety to make it rewarding.
The Blair Witch Project inexplicably gave the whole world sleepless nights in 1999 but the latest sequel, imaginatively entitled Blair Witch, is unlikely to have a similar impact.
It's better than most shaky-cam films, including the original.
Alas, when one character announces the group has been walking round in circles, it foreshadows a finalé that simply offers a more amped up version of everything we've seen before.
As the final moments close in around the viewer, you may yet find yourself holding your breath, and conceding that all Wingard's technical nous is at least good for something.
Running and screaming may be essential to a lot of horror movies, but as "Blair Witch" shows, they're not scary in themselves. For that, you need the stuff between the running and screaming.
The most puzzling mystery of Blair Witch has absolutely nothing to do with the plot of this supposed sequel, and everything to do with why a promising director the caliber of Adam Wingard would want to be helming this film in the first place.
Wingard is a good director, but his discipline in composing his shots paradoxically hurts the movie. [Full review in Portuguese.]
It's literally hard to watch, as copious amounts of blurry handheld footage and bright lights shone directly into the camera prove to be an endurance test for the eyeballs.
While this sequel is more entertaining than its predecessor, it simply can't capture the mystique of the original.
The filmmakers are too talented to make anything less than an efficient thrill machine, and the movie delivers bouncy Friday night horror flick jolts.
The acting and filmmaking are too crude to make you care about what happens ... even though you know pretty much exactly what that will be.
Tedious in its early going and all but unwatchable in its final half-hour, the movie feels interminable at a barely-feature-length 89 minutes.
Even if the movie doesn't do anything new, it shows that when talented filmmakers pool their talents and give a project their all even the most tired of subjects and stylistic choices can suddenly feel fresh.
Blair Witch is a terrific sequel that stays true to the spirit of the original while at the same time developing and expanding upon the legend.
This new Blair Witch may not have all the electricity of the original classic -- what movie could? -- but the fact that the filmmakers come close is shocking in its own right.
Blair Witch uses our technological advances to its clever advantage; the characters are equipped with cameras and tracking devices. There's even a drone. Unfortunately, that's where the cleverness ends.
It's a hallmark of this not-particularly-scary film's failure that the blows to the electronics feel somehow more visceral.
It's nothing more than a sophisticated clone of the original, and it really overdoes the shaky-camera thing - even more than in some of the worst found-footage movies The Blair Witch Project spawned.
"Blair Witch" runs only eight minutes past the original, yet it feels about a half-hour longer.
This sequel gets progressively messy while The Blair Witch Project grew progressively taut.
Rather than exploring new ground, it sends us down familiar terrain, provoking shrieks for the mercy of a quick ending.
Nausea-provoking camerawork, cacophonous sound design and incoherent editing assault the senses nonstop. The only thing that could make watching this movie more unpleasant is if ushers tasered viewers at random intervals.
Blair Witch's comparatively maximalist approach shows too much and scares too little.
All in all, Blair Witch was quite satisfying and made me think: This is what the first sequel to the original film should have accomplished.
It switches between so many points of view, we can't help wondering who has edited this "found" footage - and why their grasp of horror is so slack.
While Blair Witch does have a few moments of tension and dread, it simply doesn't recapture the once-in-a-lifetime terror that made the original film so unforgettable.
Blair Witch manages to strike a balance between pleasing the fans of the 1999 found-footage film and working as a Friday night at the multiplex, mainly by sticking to the principle that what you don't see will always be scarier.
Blair Witch suffers from expanding on an already-told story and filling in the blanks that the original intentionally left, well, blank.
Certainly better than the first sequel but not as effective at inducing terror and fright as the original flick. (Full Content Review for Parents - Profanity, Violence, Scares, etc. - also Available)
Ultimately, perhaps unavoidably, unsatisfying.
Padded by too many lame jump scares to count, Blair Witch becomes a near-literal remake of its predecessor once the group enters the fateful woods.
The same old haunting in the same old woods with a same old cast of shortsighted witch hunters.
Blair Witch has all the bells and whistles of an effective horror film, without delivering on the originality and general terror of its predecessor.
Wingard and Barrett aren't trying to reinvent the wail here, which is mostly a good thing.
The film's well crafted but bereft of any new ideas, moving the series' mythology forward by perhaps all of a millimeter.
"Blair Witch" comes to the party very late and very tired, and it doesn't improve from there.
While it doesn't recapture the black magic of the original, it delivers the requisite terror in the last half-hour after a slow and ambiguous start.
Was I supposed to be scared by this thing?
It administers its jolts with impeccable timing and may well satisfy those who felt swindled by the hype surrounding the much-more-suggestive original.
Wingard's movie, for all its abundant mischief, doesn't trust the power of its own illusion. You can see these woods a lot more clearly now, and what you see is that you've been here before.
Without real innovation or story evolution, "Blair Witch" becomes a trip down a rabbit hole of misery and suffering. Life's too short - especially in these woods.
At a relatively compact 89 minutes, the picture still feels about 20 minutes too long thanks to all the repetition of familiar elements.
Wingard's sequel-slash-remake delivers some decent scares, but it falls short of inducing the abject terror of the original.
Gone is any realism, washed away by a camera-friendly cast who wrestle with the piss-poor melodrama when they're not mugging the cameras capturing the prized footage, which must have been plopped down on the porch of whoever used to edit MTV's Fear.
The quality on offer in Blair Witch rises markedly once we are sure night is falling for what will be the very last time.
Blair Witch is at its best when it's honoring what has come before.
Wingard's inclusion of subgenres (a dash of Cronenberg body horror; a smattering of sci-fi) steers the film in an unexpectedly bold new direction, justifying its existence on its own merit.
sets a new standard for found-footage horror with a story that hews to the tropes of the original and yet is a fresh hell of imagination and primal fear.
Even if there were no witches in the world, these idiots would probably get taken out crossing a busy street.
Barrett and Wingard guide us on a slightly different path, but it's clear early on that the destination will be all too familiar.
It doesn't suggest documentary footage found in the woods so much as a haunted-house version of Hardcore Henry.
At least a third of "Blair Witch" consists of people running through the woods with flashlights, shouting out each other's names. A little of this goes a long way.
"Blair Witch" is no "The Blair Witch Project"—few films are—but it is a worthy, affectionate follow-up with nerve-blistering apprehension to spare. By the end, even the most hardened audience members are apt to get a case of the jitters.
An entirely superfluous attempt to recapture the magic of the original film. A remake masquerading as a sequel that goes nowhere and has nothing new to say.
Perhaps these woods' biggest surprise is their proximity to the original's formula, despite 16 intervening years.
There's a sharp division between the chill of "I think I just saw something!" and the confusion of "I don't know what the hell I just saw!" and "Blair Witch" often falls on the wrong side.
It [has] the best, most terrifying climax to a horror movie in a long time.
Wingard and Barrett's surprise - and surprisingly strong - sequel earns its scares. An effective follow-up to a film that can't be matched.
...yet another technically competent, above average but oddly unambitious rehash of a story we've seen many times before.
It's a film that not only goes back to the basics, but seems to deliberately steal much of what made the original such a horrific treat.
The set-up is the same, and while that felt fresh in the first film, it now just kind of drains the piece of tension because we know no one is making it out alive.
The only interesting new twist in the new "Blair Witch," though, is what it says about franchises. And what it says about franchises isn't very interesting.
Even though is superior to its infamous prequel, this film is a boring experience. [Full review in Spanish]
With nothing new to add to the "Blair Witch" mythos, this is one found footage movie that should have been left lost in the woods.
Effectively scary and occasionally inventive, Blair Witch is a solid genre film both helped and hindered by its franchise's place in cinematic history.
Blair Witch styles itself as a love-letter, but it's pure transcription.
Blair Witch undoubtedly passes the scare test, as for any apprehensions that may exist, what isn't in question is the sheer consistency of the scares.
Once it becomes evident that this movie is just the 1999 version done with an electric guitar instead of an acoustic, all tension is shot.
'Blair Witch' is well crafted, and at times incredibly scary, but the woods aren't as terrifying when you've already walked through them.
Blair Witch brings a jolt of energy to a legendary horror franchise, making for a respectful and uniquely haunting chapter.
Avoid this film at all costs. If you later find that any of your friends or family actually liked this movie, then we suggest you disassociate yourself from them, and avoid them at all costs too, as they will only disappoint you somewhere down the line.
Nothing close to the inventiveness of The Blair Witch Project.
If there has to be another Blair Witch movie, this is the way to do it.
It's an intense, imaginative piece of work - which treads over familiar ground but modestly ventures a bit further in the climax ...
If The Blair Witch Project signalled a new dawn of horror, Blair Witch is the loud death rattle of a once exciting sub-genre, disappearing into the darkness.
A significantly more accomplished and entertaining sequel than 2000's woeful cash-in Book of Shadows: Blair Witch 2, [this] nonetheless reps something of a missed opportunity.
By sticking so slavishly to the original Blair Witch film's template, the result is a dull retread rather than a full-on reinvention, enlarging the cast numbers this time but sticking to the same basic beats.
If you must reboot a classic, this is how you do it.
Adam Wingard crafted a relentlessly creepy affair that is a perfect tribute to its revolutionary originator, but also takes the story in some frightening new directions.
Some will laud it, others will loathe it, but make no mistake: Blair Witch is that game-changer horror fans desperately have been waiting for.
Compared to the ill-fated "Book of Shadows: Blair Witch 2 -- the first follow-up which was rushed to market for financial reasons -- this new iteration still comes across as downright inspiring.
Blair Witch honors its tradition and uses all the tricks filmmakers have learned in the past 17 years to make us scared of the woods again.
BLAIR WITCH is chilling and intense. It is a truly terrifying cinematic experience.
The scares come fast and furious, and they do not relent until the very last frame, leaving the audience thoroughly shaken.
Adam Wingard and Simon Barrett may not reinvent the Blair Witch, but they definitely prove that it can still be scary.
The idea that a secret sequel could bring a long-stale franchise like this back to life is, frankly, the most surprising thing to happen to horror in ages.

@highlight

Blair Witch doles out a handful of effective scares, but aside from a few new twists, it mainly offers a belated rehash of the original -- and far more memorable -- first film.