Its success depends on the way it's presented to fully develop tension, as well as on a sensation of collective terror...[Full review in Spanish]
As long as your content with watching stupid people do stupid things you'll obtain a modicum of fun from As Above, So Below
Apparently, these young adults are experts on urban planning, metallurgy, civil engineering, languages, Egyptian mythology and ancient mysticism, but their smarts are only matched by a lack of common sense and accountability.
It just isn't scary or clever enough and doesn't really gain momentum until a last minute dash towards a toe-curlingly obvious resolution.
It's [Perdita Weeks'] strangely believable performance that saves the film from itself, planting us firmly in its corner, often against our will.
This movie has a truly uninspired premise and wallows in so much inanity that it might as well have been buried in the catacombs, too.
I have seen dozens of these "queasy-cam" vehicles in my 18 years as a writer of film, and so few of them ever surpass the limitations of their technique. This is one that carves out a spot in the upper tiers.
As Above gets lost down in the dark with its characters, rendering Dante's iconic warning equally relevant to an audience looking for original frights.
As Above, So Below is a film that gets in its own way as much as dead ends block the paths of its characters.
A typically underwhelming found-footage horror flick...
Some genre bendings are inspired; others aren't meant to happen, and "found-footage pulp" appears to be one of the latter.
There may be an interesting story about what exists under the streets of Paris. Unfortunately, this film isn't it.
It is quite impossible to set a film in the Paris catacombs and completely mess up the sense of grim, suffocating atmosphere... But do they come close.
Scarlett -- a pretty young archeologist who favors allowing her sweater to slip coyly off one shoulder to expose a fashionable bra strap while she's vandalizing ancient relics -- may be the year's most absurd movie character.
Sporadically scary and emotionally engaging, but fundamentally falling apart at the seams.
It's tough to get too worked up, as head-mounted cameras whip between fleeting figures and panicked faces with all the tension of a jittery recording of a trip through your local haunted house.
Any horror fan knows the entrance to hell is in Brooklyn -- a fact established in Michael Winner's The Sentinel -- and no attempt to transfer this accolade to Paris is worth considering.
For a film that takes place underground in tightly enclosed spaces, it's surprisingly thin on suspense and palpable physical danger.
Once upon a time, when someone in a horror movie turned a doorknob or drove toward a storm, you got to feel superior and shout, "Don't go in there!" Now it's more like, "Seriously? You're not gonna put down that camera first?"
Claustrophobic and frightening,it depends far too much on shaky, hand-held camerawork and jump-cut editing to sustain suspense in an all-too-familiar, found-footage concept.
By the time the truly freaky stuff starts happening you might wonder if it was all worth the wait--not to mention the pounding shaky-cam headache.
A lot of fun.
Once the characters go underground, things start happening. Not scary things, mind you, but things.
Has a few scares up its sleeve ...
It's visually incoherent, it's devoid of suspense, and it's propulsive in all the wrong ways...
A harrowing tale of survival revolving around an endearing heroine every bit as brainy as she is resourceful.
gifts us with a lively history lesson on the catacombs of Paris, the history and practice of alchemy, and some nifty insights into ancient engineering practices even as it makes our pulses race.
The best Tomb Raider movie we're ever likely to get.
The best found-footage horror film since the first Paranormal Activity (2007).
Scarlett is like the child of Indiana Jones and Lara Croft; she's smart, brave, and adventurous and would be a great subject for sequels. What's more, her brains come in handy during tense moments, which is rare for horror films.
Relying on predictable jump scares and overused shaky camera techniques to attempt a terrifying experience, As Above/So Below mostly resorts to cliché tactics when it has so much more right within its grasp.
Dear horror movies, ENOUGH WITH THE GODDAMN SHAKY-CAM!
The movie's signature signage - "Abandon all hope, ye who enter here" - is the only instruction we really need.
"As Above, So Below" is novel enough to be worth the price of admission, but you'll think twice before getting back in line for a second visit.
As a movie, so it blows.
Sometimes it's annoying. Sometimes it's disgusting. Most of the time it's too murky to be either.
As Above, So Below milks a surprising amount of richness from its premise and found-footage format, but is hampered by its inability to fully develop both.
A hopelessly tangled, shaky-cam knot of "gotcha!" haunted-house images, loopy, incomprehensible mumbo-jumbo and bargain-basement recycled ideas from other movies.
Despite some cool ideas that suggest Dowdle and company will make a great scary movie someday, this is eminently skippable.
While the film has a reasonably engaging cast and some decent scares, the script feels like an uneasy blend of The Blair Witch Project and Tomb Raider.
An entertainment-free sinkhole of Dramamine-worthy nonsense ...
If making zero sense and having absolutely no real resolution at the end was the point of As Above/So Below, then it did its job tenfold.
Ultimately, As Above/So Below is more unsettling and uncomfortable than it is scary.
As Above So Below earns its trek into the supernatural realm by creating a sense of dread for the natural one.
Not the worst example of found footage by a long shot, and it moves a decent pace with a couple of good scares. However, this could have been a far more frightening feature if only it had expanded on its scary premise.
"As Above, So Below" offers a handful of effective moments and some characters that are fun to watch squirm through muck and bones, but not much more than that, especially when the films spins out of control towards its conclusion.
As Above, So Below should have stayed buried along with the rest of the lifeless masses.
An intriguing and intensely creepy premise is sqaundered on this rudimentary found-footage horror film.
As forewarned, so avoid.
Like other movies of its ilk, it's missing a very simple bit of next-level Hollywood technology: a tripod.
That the Dowdles made me extremely uncomfortable in the right way attests to the fact that they know how to shoot a movie. They still need to prove that they can write a great one.
But alas: once our team gets underground, the film turns into an FPS video game, and a poorly built one, at that.
The Dowdles aren't strong storytellers when it comes to spooky tales of agony, with As Above, So Below another creative failure for a filmmaking duo who appear to be specializing in mediocrity.
A cinematic mess...[a] dreary, incoherent, visually ugly jumble of cliches and inanities.
Despite momentary terror that comes at a Temple Run pace, As Above, So Below never differentiates itself from the "found footage" pack despite utilizing such a unique locale.
One of the world's top disturbing tourist attractions is now finally getting the spooky film it deserves
As with so many horror movies, the setup is entrancing and it's the payoff which is hugely anticlimactic.
This is a terrible film. Just an ugly, disappointing exercise that actually had potential, if it somehow could have landed in the hands of a director who understood the function of a camera.
Abandon hope all ye who enter here
It's a perfectly serviceable addition to the "found footage" genre of chillers from director/ co-writer John Erick Dowdle ...
The tone moves quickly from breathless to hysterical, with a few moments teetering on snigger-inducing silliness.
Delivering a more riveting journey than ultimate destination, the film excels as a fantastical, thick-tensioned mood piece with an eye for the deliciously, preternaturally unknown. It also happens to be damn scary.
More headache-inducing than hair-raising
The film predictably alternates in scaring its characters by tapping into their deepest fears and having them rub shoulders with the relics of a past that insists on being undisturbed.
There are some interestingly contrived moments of claustrophobia and surreal lunacy, but this cliched and slightly hand-me-down script neither scares nor amuses very satisfyingly.
Throughout, there are flickers of a scarier movie: one prepared to map this boneyard, with its wrong turns and false floors, altogether more rigorously.
A suitably tense chiller that delivers the requisite shocks and scares, though slightly overplays its hand in the middle section.
An admirable Indiana Bones misfire.
Come for the poster, stay for the end credits.
For those hoping to find some truly disturbing secrets buried for generations beneath the surface, track down Gary Sherman's 1972 "Death Line" (aka "Raw Meat") instead.

@highlight

After an intriguing setup that threatens to claw its way out of found-footage overkill, As Above/So Below plummets into clichéd mediocrity.