As it is, crippling plot holes and underdrawn characters may mean you're less than wholly seduced by The East.
Its the rather sensitive portrayals from each character that you will remember the most.
Marling and Batmanglij don't fear or resent entertainment: They make effective thrillers... If they reach a major studio and bigger budget, they could be the right kind of dangerous.
The whole thing feels strident and naive, a well-meaning drama composed by a couple of college kids for their Environmental Science final.
The total effect is affected, annoying and off-putting.
Provocative and exciting, with bigger set pieces and a fierce devotion to character development, this is the sort of smart genre thriller that Hollywood needs more of.
Marling's committed performance is offset slightly by Skarsgård's glumness and the 'surprise' casting of Page, who plays the part like Juno grown up (sort of) and turned vengeful communist psychopath.
Immaculately made with a thought-provoking emphasis on corporate espionage, it's just missing intensity and grit
If you start off seeing the film's moral world in simple black and white terms - greedy one percent on one side; righteous activists on the other - you'll be left uneasy... but Marling and Batmanglij deliver gripping suspense and challenging ideas.
The biggest issue with The East is that Batmanglij and Marling so thoroughly rig the script in the environmentalists' favor.
an engaging and almost uncomfortably thought-provoking dramatic thriller about what we -- as individuals and as a society -- value most.
...a completely average piece of work that pales in comparison to Sound of My Voice.
It all adds up to an intelligent romp which keeps one eye on timely issues (activists or terrorists?) and the other on entertainment.
What counts here is the characters' sense of rebellion, their susceptibility to the persuasive actions of others and the bravery of the lead character to try to stop them in their tracks.
Batmanglij and his cast invest the story with enough nuance and feeling to make the thriller that unfurls feel like it matters.
The filmmakers seem to believe the mere fact of their earnestness makes their movie more worthwhile than a more exciting 'escapist' spy thriller.
The East suffers from a critical identity crisis, squandering an initially intriguing premise to veer awkwardly between intimate character study and formulaic espionage thriller. It satisfies on neither count.
Despite a bunch of cold characters and a deeply contrived plot, this film is so infused with hot topicality that we are held in its grip all the way through.
Marling's creative input assures a healthy dosage of philosophical fodder within a solid what's-next plot that keeps us involved and guessing, even when it's implausible.
The love story feels a bit forced, but otherwise it's an intelligent examination of the dangers of both fanaticism and espionage ...
A slick, grungy espionage thriller so in tune with the times it's almost uncanny.
Has more to offer than your average US thriller.
A zeitgeist-grabbing indie spy thriller exploring the rise of techno-savvy anti-authoritarian movements lurking in the darkest recesses of the internet.
Brit is a hit as the spy who is split in two. Her covert performance twisting and turning from one side to the other keeps us guessing to the end.
It becomes sanctimonious, makes you contrary. I left craving a Big Mac.
A haunting story of a committed band of eco-terrorists who want to pay back corporate CEOs for their crimes against humanity and the environment.
Marling wrote it with Zal Batmanglij, her writer-director partner on Sound of My Voice. This is a kindred attention-catcher, good on the quiet madness of cults and creeds.
When the movie's thriving on uncertainty, pinning Jane between two camps with equally sinister potential, it has a prickly ingenuity and promise. It's gripping, for at least an hour.
Entertaining, suspenseful thriller with an engaging script, strong characters, some intriguing ideas and a pair of terrific performances from Brit Marling and Alexander Skarsgard.
A complicated film (with an oversimplistic ending) for the age of the Occupy Movement, The East probes the ethics of those who would oppose corporate malfeasance through covert action.
The last reel appears compromised by Hollywood's generic demands..but what has gone before is a refreshing lesson in how to make a thriller that's genuinely thrilling on a human scale.
Its morally ambiguous investigation of extreme left-wing politics is ... light years away from usual multiplex concerns.
A crackling good political thriller, made in the spirit of some of the best espionage films, and with themes like eco-terrorism and whistleblowers that make it feel immediate like few recent dramas.
Brit Marling never knows what to do with her great ideas. She runs them right up to a moment when all that electric potential zaps itself out of existence in a flash.
The East is a conventional thriller, which although not particularly memorable, manages to hold down your attention throughout, telling a good story and blessed with a string of good performances.
This feels a little awkward and earnest, and perhaps not angry enough.
Another impressive mark on both Batmanglij and Marling's filmography, who are fast establishing themselves as two of the key members of the American indie scene.
Marling, as she did in "Another Earth" and "Arbitrage," makes smart sexy (and vice versa) as she works through Jane's moral dilemma.
Obviously, the potential for The East to be nothing more than a shrieky liberal screed is enormous, but Batmanglij and Marling sidestep it with their fair and balanced screenplay.
The East at the very least is a conversation starter. Sadly, the answers to the questions it raises won't be found in the extremes.
The East is the kind of movie that will alienate those who only see the world in black-and-white terms. It is about people who live in the gray, between light and dark, that's played out and written with great power by Marling.
"The East's" eco-friendly politics might be Swiss, but its overly sentimental storyline is pure Velveeta.
The latest collaboration between director Zal Batmanglij and screenwriter Brit Marling suffers from the same problem as their previous picture, Sound of My Voice: It's taut, compelling, unpredictable and completely wipes out in the final few minutes.
The political content ends up being a little simplistic, but the characters are well-drawn, and the movie has a haunting atmosphere that carries it past some rough plotting.
Marling's subtle expression of complex characters never ceases to fascinate.
Things just happen far too conveniently for a viewer not seduced by Marling to easily suspend disbelief.
[Its] tidiness lets audiences off the hook the same way a kill-the-bad-guy B-movie would, throwing cold water on provocation...
Of considerable note is beautiful Brit Marley's dual role as central character Jane/Sarah and as the story's co-writer with director Zal Batmangli. As creative adults, they write taut adult fare.
Another Brit hit, plus Batmanglij is beginning to show dash as director. The duo make a tight fist of hot topicality and high tension from an ideas-packed genre piece.
The setting may be current and sound edgy on paper but beneath the zeitgeist veneer, the mainstream thriller formula they employ is as familiar as your slippers.
A intense, smartly cast drama about anti-corporation vigilantes and the young woman who infiltrates their inner circle.
The film, if you can temporarily suspend disbelief, is still the kind of rock-solid intelligent entertainment that has become all too rare.
It just sits there looking sexy as it gives the viewer a crash course in civil disobedience and anti-corporate rhetoric -- as delivered by self-righteous 20-somethings. That's actually not as painful as it sounds.
Marling and Batmanglij pull punches as things come to a close, opting for a more pacifist resolution than their fictional insurrectionist group would certainly espouse.
The images are sharp even when the film's ideas are not.
It's built around an intriguing and relevant premise, one that is further buoyed by strong performances from its cast.
"The East" leaves questions unanswered, but at least it asks those questions.
A fast-rising newcomer to film, the willowy Marling is maturing fast, and encouragingly unwilling to dumb herself down for stock girlfriend roles. This is her strongest work yet and I hope a harbinger of much more to come.
Marling and Batmanglij bring an evenhanded perspective to their portrayals of the characters and issues involved.
A watchably confused eco-thriller that's never sure who its heroes are.
The film becomes more far-fetched as it goes along, especially while addressing issues of morality and conscience, and ultimately settles for too many familiar thriller elements.
It is a smart, well-acted drama, and another chance for Marling to exercise her unique talents, creating intriguing characters on the page and the screen.
Zal Batmanglij and Brit Marling, creators of the creepy Sound Of My Voice, once again explore underground movements, this time without the SF trappings.
Batmanglij and Marling's expertly cultivate mystery, especially when Sarah first meets the members of East.
The East is a solid movie with an interesting take on the shadowy world of eco-terrorism, but it doesn't do enough to earn those final bewildering moments.
"The East" never goes as deep undercover as it should.
A couple of rough spots aside, it respects the complexity of the issues it raises.
The East is a wooden and unappealing chore, treading familiar ground for the filmmakers with an additional layer of clunky, drama-killing political soap-boxing.
"The East" prizes an initial air of mystery over consistent drama, and as a result ends up squandering its intriguing premise.
As is often the case with people who become major stars, [Marling] seems as if she has always been there. She's new and yet familiar, as if we've known her all along.
The East is a didactic polemic couched in a mediocre thriller that takes itself far too seriously to be taken seriously...
Shrewd and suspenseful, this is a low-tech, cerebral thriller that raises your social consciousness while oozing a pervasive sense of conspiracy and danger.
As a scriptwriter, actress Brit Marling has so far demonstrated an unerring instinct for creating meaty, if somewhat hard-to-swallow, roles for herself.
A prickly character study wrapped up in the disguise of an eco-political thriller.
If Batmanglij and Marling collaborate again, they should try to create a story that is fresh, not a retread.
Intrigues not with good guy-bad guy shtick, but with the conundrum of how to live morally in an inherently immoral West.
There are a few missteps in "The East", but nothing to prevent you from enjoying a taut thriller with an exceptional cast.
Given that the film paints The East as a mostly sympathetic movement, made up of likeable individuals, makes the movie an ambiguous quandary for moviegoers. But as a political thriller "The East" hits on all cylinders.
There's enough present that's good enough to earn this film a slight recommendation. (Complete Content Details for Parents are also available)
Another project that proves this actress and filmmaker has the chops that will guarantee her longevity in the movie industry.
The East is not a very good movie, hobbled by an excess of plot, a lack of believability and big gaps of logic.
It's an interesting framework for a thriller, though "The East" has a hard time devising a third act as interesting as the first two.
When the filmmakers try to flesh out the terrorists, they fall back on the conservative cliche that they're spoiled rich kids, mad at their parents.
A taut espionage drama that pits global corporations against a radical band of ecoterrorists.
Marling has a focus and poise that keeps us invested in her character's journey - even when the film begins to falter, as The East eventually does through inconsistency and expedience.
Not to put too fine a point on it.
It's irritatingly smug.
Why was the opportunity for true commentary or even character development within this fascinating world discarded in favor of an awkwardly-staged and poorly-written love story laden with genre tropes?
Whatever the politics of this subculture's representation in The East, the skilled Batmanglij conjures up an often fascinating underworld, even if it never feels quite credible.
An uneven film...an odd blend of sophistication on one level and maladroit technique on the other.
The writers never quite get under the skin of these characters, or fully to grips with the complexity of the situation.
The reason the movie works, despite some "movie-stupid" developments in the second half, has everything to do with the low-key and unaffected quality Marling brings to the screen.
A big step forward for a filmmaking team that's clearly fascinated by outsider culture and its intersection with the world from which it diverges.
What makes The East a necessary destination is that it explores the personal why's behind these homegrown terrorists, and discovers each individual's mixed motives for taking the law into their own hands.
...while the movie's plot isn't wholly original, it's the filmmaker's approach and the story's outcome that makes the movie worthwhile.
Thoughtful and emotionally risky.
Marling and Batmangli are smart enough to know that character and ideas matter, and how the presence of those things can improve action and suspense.
Fast-paced and energetic.
As a thriller, the movie begins with a taught pace but then begins to lose that discipline as the film dwindles along.
Marling and Batmanglij deliver again with a smart script focusing on timely themes, such as the rise of the Occupy movement, the dangers of fracking, and recent environmental disasters.
The movie is constructed and acted so well, you begin to really empathize with the people much as Sarah does and I found myself in similar moral grey areas.
The East follows a predictable path, but it's impressively made, with tense, old-fashioned setpieces and an eye for moral complications
perfectly competent but still somewhat generic
Replace [Sound of My Voice's] cult with this film's collective, a group bonded via trust rituals and unusual dietary demands; an outsider whose truth remains suspect and an ending based on betrayal and essentially you've got the same film.
In most respects a conventional genre picture. But it's passionate (and weird) enough to evolve into something mysterious and moving.
Though the script...could've used another polish, as a filmmaker, Batmanglij is still at the head of the class of up-and-coming directors...The East is definitely a movie that's going to divide people but it'll be a conversation worth having.
Marling and her co-writer and director Zal Batmanglij explore this subject with intelligence and feeling for the ethical and moral issues involved.
The suspense and impressive performances make "The East" a thoughtful political thriller worth the time at the box office.
The next step in the promising careers of Brit Marling and Zal Batmanglij: you'll enjoy the ride, think about it's themes...and then want to get a shower.
Gripping, intelligent and deeply socially conscious thriller-a singular combination-that hits the bull's-eye both for satisfying entertainment and timely relevance.
The movie's squishy moralism withstands only a tad more scrutiny than its plot contrivances.
As uncertain as she is as a screenwriter, Marling is even less accomplished as an actress - problems she compounds by invariably giving herself the lead role in her own scripts.
A cockamamie valentine to eco-terrorism.
It gives us an interesting character with genuine moral ambiguity and demands that she make tough choices and that we think about what tactics we support -- and then it completely fritters it all away with a pat ending.
The whole movie has the smugness of a cult. At one and the same time it's devoid of reality and insufferably full of itself.
An intellectually challenging film that never forgets its first order of business is to entertain.
Almost but not quite the truly terrific movie that Batmanglij and Marling are going to make one day ...
By spicing up a complex morality tale marked by sophisticated themes with down and dirty back stabbing and betrayals, the movie turns corporate malfeasance into a spy game that is entertaining without being dumbed down.
This well-paced story is tense and thoughtful, and is anchored by a trio of terrific performances.
The East makes for a passable thriller, as 1 percenters get theirs in satisfying, if incrementally implausible ways.
Eco-terrorism drives the plot of The East, but this propulsive thriller is laced with a humanism that trumps any political agenda.
"The East" is a neat little thriller about ends and means and ethical quandaries.
This great, industrial-strength thriller is busy thinking even when it's quiet.
The East deftly mixes spy-movie pleasures with headier concerns.
Thoughtful and slick, it functions both as a riveting thriller and also something that's deeply conflicting, compelling you to juggle all angles of the scenario during the film and long after, too.
The East's obvious social ambitions would be perhaps better served by a storyline that doesn't play like the adventures of a college freshman with a hopeless crush on her anthropology teacher.
The East suffers from the same weakness as the cult members Sarah works so hard to understand: a questionable definition of morality that overpowers an ultimate sense of reason.
Thought-provoking even as it entertains. It moves with a nimble, sure-footed speed as it pulls you into its shadowy world.
Audacious.
Coming in our moment of recent domestic terror, the movie has a boldness in diving into the whys of political violence.
It's disappointing that, for all its empathy and equilibrium, The East has nowhere to go after the script backs itself into a corner.
It showcases the evolving interests and talents of Zal Batmanglij and Brit Marling, but expands them and channels them into a more traditional thriller framework.
This absurdly superficial and tendentious drama, directed with no distinction, wastes a superb cast in the interest of self-righteous attitudinizing.
Radical environmentalists provide the movie audience with a dandy thriller.
A compelling portrait of what gets lost (and found) when a cause becomes an obsession.
Marling is wonderful as always, Alexander Skarsgaard is appropriately mysterious as the leader of the group, and Ellen Page turns in her best performance in years.
If "The East" were from anyone other than writer/director Zal Batmanglij and writer/star Brit Marling, I'd be much more excited about it.
When she dyes her hair blonde to go undercover, that's like the James Bond gun barrel to me. Brit is back!
A stunningly inventive thriller.
A refreshing concept, persuasive acting, and effective pacing make Brit Marling's latest, The East, one of the most captivating films of Sundance 2013.
The second picture in a fascinating collaboration with producer-writer-star Brit Marling, this clever, involving spy drama builds to a terrific level of intrigue before losing some steam in its second half.
A polished thriller that grows muddled and predictable as it zooms along.
Undercover anxieties drive satisfying eco-minded suspense film.

@highlight

Tense, thoughtful, and deftly paced, The East is a political thriller that never loses sight of the human element.