Even the violence lacks creativity, and simply revolves around disposable soldiers getting whacked with traumatic force simply so buckets of CGI blood can distract the audience into thinking that this movie is awesome
It's all very silly, tonally uneven and eventually a bit tedious.
Individual scenes work well, but they amount to a disjointed whole, thanks to Nima Nourizadeh's direction.
American Ultra's stoner rambles are every bit as precise as they were with Aaron Sorkin's zingers in The Social Network, and it's a total pleasure to not be subjected to another drooling stoner cliché.
Kristen Stewart can play tough without having to kick ass in a cat suit, but her one great fight scene was too late in the film and too spare to match her potential.
Without the reuniting Adventureland pair Kristen Stewart and Jesse Eisenberg as the leads, the film could have easily been just another dumb stoner action film with moderate laughs.
American Ultra, built upon ridiculous premise and casting, is not only the funniest but unexpectedly one of the best action movies of the summer.
American Ultra reworks The Bourne Identity as a slacker comedy with a killer punchline.
Re-title it 'The Bong Identity;' an over the top, silly grind-house-level violent spy-spoof, played very earnestly by Eisenberg and Stewart to surprisingly good comic effect.
American Ultra plays like an episode of Homeland for people too stoned to process the plot of a SpongeBob SquarePants episode.
A loud, ugly, slapdash combination of action movie, pot comedy, criminal romance, and conspiracy thriller - and about as lumpy and ungainly as you'd imagine such a stew would be.
"American Ultra" improbably has more gore and fewer laughs than "American Sniper," a distinction that makes it sound a lot more compelling that it is.
This ultra-violent caper plays like a cross between a 1990s slacker drama and a classic John Woo film.
Described as the stoner-version of Bourne Identity, Max Landis' script manages to hit a fair number of highs; though it also falls victim to its own ambitious amalgamation of genres.
American Ultra may surprise some with its emotional core, but it's ultimately little more than a lazy Tarantino knock-off.
Eisenberg and Stewart are what stands out in this film and offer us many fun moments, but it's not enough to save the film. [Full review in Spanish]
A film that never really knows what genre it belongs to. [Full review in Spanish]
The film by Nima Nourizadeh and Max Landis lacks personality and isn't sure if it wants to be a bloody comic or a serious spy film. [Full review in Spanish]
American Ultra is fun an light toned, but it's far from being a great film. [Full review in Spanish]
Eisenberg has taken some PR hits lately but neither they, nor his often misunderstood demeanor, should detract from his frenetic, brilliant portrayal of Mike.
There are patches where the film stalls and crumbles under too much explanation. That's a shame, because the movie does have bite and sterling moments. But you shouldn't have to be stoned to appreciate them.
American Ultra might not be your (dime) bag, but in a summer full of remakes and superheroes, at least it's got the chutzpah to attempt something new.
Jason Bourne on tetrahydrocannabinol.
It's a very August sort of movie, the kind that benefits from low, lax expectations.
It sounds like a weird, potentially wonderful action-comedy. The problem is that it never really hits the absurd heights of the premise.
The movie doesn't achieve what it could. [Full review in Spanish]
It alternates laughs, love, explosions and Steven Seagal-esque killings - only it's not as good as that sounds.
A movie that gets lost in its own mashup of genres. [Full review in Spanish]
American Ultra isn't really able to live up to the potential of its principal conceit and whilst it hasn't found much favour at the Box Office we suspect it'll develop into a bit of a cult favourite.
The idea is sound -- stoners turn out to be super-agents and wackiness ensues -- but the passion is so lacking and the execution so slack that it feels like everyone involved wanted to be somewhere else.
There's enough knockabout carnage and game supporting players to keep it rolling, although they're all second-fiddle to Eisenberg and Stewart, who worked well together in Adventureland and again prove sparky and very pleasing.
American Ultra should have activated its comic instincts, not its action ones.
Intense, cerebral and utterly humourless, Eisenberg kills whatever comedy existed in the screenplay by Max Landis stone dead.
Nourizadeh seems too seduced by the action set pieces to keep his eyes on the characters.
American Ultra fails because it plays like a well-planned movie handed to a stoner.
Nerdy Jesse Eisdenberg as an action man? You better believe it as he devours his role as a slacker/CIA sleeper agent who is targeted for termination...A very tight, enjoyable action comedy romp with Kristen Stewart providing great value-add.
This is a grating, sometimes very violent comedy-thriller that suffers from a chronic identity crisis. The film can't work out whether it's a slacker romance or an all-action spy movie in the Manchurian Candidate mode.
It's one joke dragged out for 90 minutes, and while it's not entirely unamusing, the comedy feels mired in the same stoner fog as its slacker protagonist.
You can almost hear the gears crunching as this bizarre movie misstep careers from spy thriller to stoner comedy and back again.
Not even the two leads' star wattage can rescue a movie which plunders any number of styles and influences but never manages to nail any of them.
A fast, amiable comedy that never outstays its welcome, and will be great fun for fans of films such as 2008's Pineapple Express.
Jesse and Kristen 4-EVA.
The movie makes you inch towards the exit, mumbling an apology.
Deeply uninspired, abrasive and mildly offensive.
A mashup of Bourne and Clerks, fusing the worst of each into a galumphing stoner action comedy.
The film is an idea in search of a tone.
Even though Eisenberg also shares a great rapport with co-lead Kristen Stewart (Mike's girlfriend-with-attitude, of course), American Ultra just cannot hold a coherent connection to viewers when it truly must.
Blood flows freely and bones snap with audible cracks in the kinetic action scenes, the highlight of the movie by far.
Undoubtedly jovial in parts, with a playful, adventurous tone, what transpires is a picture that's darkly absurd.
That it all (mostly) works is some kind of small, mix-a-lot miracle. There's both wry comedy and dark laughs; only the action scenes are where the genres and tones don't come to a full boil. Still, all the non-spy-action-y stuff is pretty damn good.
Although it sometimes veers into off-putting caricature, American Ultra revels in the amusing bewilderment that comes when a couple of star-crossed slackers are thrust into a violent situation, with the dry one-liners proving very quotable.
Occasionally, a movie feels like it was built specifically to show up on the midnight circuit, but there's something about trying to be a cult favorite that cripples actual filmmaking.
A strong cast led by Jesse Eisenberg and Kristen Stewart and supported by Connie Britton, Topher Grace and John Leguizamo elevates this lame-brained, fidgety actioner.
It doesn't work, but I'm impressed with how hard it tries. There's an infectious sincerity to both the writing and the acting that elevates what is otherwise a messy mashup of tone, style, and storytelling.
The high point (get it?) is an imaginatively choreographed confrontation between Mike and a literal truckload of assassins. They should've called it Operation Overkill. The sequence is delightfully reminiscent of the church massacre scene in Kingsman.
The result is a movie for people who hit the multiplex unsure whether to catch a slacker comedy, a superhero movie, a political satire, or an extra-violent action flick. It's Ultra, so you don't have to choose!
The inescapable conclusion is that this is essentially a Disney princess movie for tween girls, but made for adolescent boys with runaway testosterone.
Nourizadeh, working with a script by Max Landis, plays Mike's bloody violence like visual guitar riffs, and approaches the martial-arts set pieces with heavily underlined wit.
A movie that could have gleefully gone over the edge, but lacks the confidence in its own premise to truly get as weird or as funky as the concept demands that it goes.
It is, in every sense, a dopey shoot-em-up, regardless of the casting.
Jesse Eisenberg's performance reminded me of his character in Rio... Just replace the bird with a live-action human and add infinitely more gore.
American Ultra feels like a lackadaisical rehash of every stoner comedy that came before it that crams elements from all four Bourne films into a measly hour and a half. Unsatisfying, unfunny, and underwhelming.
Less genre mash up and more head on collision.
Twisted, uneven, and sorta sweet.
American Ultra won't be mistaken as the ne plus ultra of secret agent capers, but it mostly handles its assignment with ease.
A crude act of movie terrorism designed to declare jihad on good taste.
Too much of the film feels like an idea that never made it beyond the one-sentence pitch of "stoner/slacker discovers he's actually a trained killer, hilarity ensues!"
It tries to compensate for its narrative flaws with style and attitude, which works for a while before the whole enterprise runs out of steam.
Jesse Eisenberg at his most neurotic saves this frenetic action comedy and makes it worth watching despite an overabundance of violence laced in with its silly plot.
The movie evaporates in the mind, but Stewart and Eisenberg have real movie-star chemistry.
American Ultra is a real odd duck, and I like odd ducks.
American Ultra is not quite the sum of its eclectic parts, but is strangely entertaining, nonetheless.
Splitting its time between stoner comedy, violent spy action and indie romance, American Ultra executes its varying aspects well but never successfully synthesizes them into a singular vision.
Feels a little fresher thanks to screenwriter Max Landis' original premise, Jesse Eisenberg's finely modulated performance and some nice tender moments.
As for all the stoner jokes, they were done better in other movies. But American Ultra may still turn up in future rotation as an amiable, fun, zero-pretensions living-room favorite.
The action-movie absurdity is still in place, but so is Landis' muddy-bloody touch: by the end, Eisenberg's face is a purple, swollen wreck, and rightly so.
'American Ultra,' a sloppy mess of an action-comedy that wastes a killer premise by taking itself just a little too seriously.
Like the stoners it's trying to appeal to, American Ultra is intermittently amusing. It earns a recommendation thanks to the charm of its leads and some creative violence.
Think of Eisenberg and Stewart's characters several years down the road from 'Adventureland,' caught between 'The Bourne Conspiracy' and 'Pineapple Express,' and spattered with bloody overspray from 'Natural Born Killers.'
A film with many pleasures, but the singular one is watching a stoned, utterly baffled Eisenberg stab, shoot, and dismember highly trained madmen bent on his destruction.
American Ultra is an amusing enough late-summer diversion, but discriminating consumers looking for something a little stronger are advised to give it a (puff-puff) pass.
I was turned off by the pervasive violence and the really silly fights with totally incredible results...but in the end I concluded that it was entertaining and unusual and that there was no fear that anyone would go to sleep on it.
Eisenberg as Jason Bourne? I'm there. Plus Kristen Stewart? Absolutely. Fun, if also insanely violent.
A bloody valentine wrapped in sharply orchestrated madness.
The movie has the sleepy vibe of some of those scuzzy '90s crime thrillers. It aspires to Natural Born Killers, but has barely enough competence to get close to something like Feeling Minnesota.
If you've got the munchies for a quirky, goofball comedy that's also sweet, romantic, and has an awful lot of bloodshed, American Ultra will satisfy your cravings.
It's a brutal film, a black comedy with emphasis on character, but it hopes to be more than just B-movie mischief, rendering the whole picture fruitless with uncomfortable regularity.
A comedic take on the CIA's infamous MK Ultra program could have been great, but American Ultra falls woefully short. This stoner assassin bores.
An interesting experiment that mixes dopey Cheech & Chong-style comedy with heavy doses of ultra-violence.
As misfires go, American Ultra can at least claim not to be boring.
Jesse Eisenberg and Kristen Stewart were great together in Adventureland, so stay home this weekend and rent that instead.
You never fully buy "American Ultra" - you're not supposed to - but it's a decent ride with some nice turns.
In essence, "American Ultra" is late-summer genre. It's got some grit to it, though, and is often quite funny.
I just wish there was a little more feeling, and a little less flash. And a lot more of Landis' dialogue, and a lot less of what feels like Nourizadeh's audition for an even bigger, dumber movie.
Nourizadeh heaps so much violence on his film's thin story in its second half, that it ceases to be about anything resembling character. (Full Content Review - Sex, Nudity, Violence, Profanity, etc. - for Parents available)
Cute idea, but the movie can't decide whether it wants to be a full-on action flick or a goofball comedy, and it never finds a unifying tone.
Ultra works by making a potentially messy story rather simple, and by using its carnage as an extension of its comedy. It has no interest in piling on plot minutiae. It's too busy getting to the next bit of mayhem.
An amusing idea, but the ugly violence and weepy dramatics effectively kill any comedic buzz.
Aided by martial arts training (footage of which would make the greatest Blu-ray extra ever), Jesse Eisenberg can only keep "American Ultra" moving for so long before it tops out at modest velocity squarely in the middle of the road.
The action-comedy American Ultra, equal parts gonzo and ganja, is a breath of fresh, albeit smoky, air.
At times pokes fun at the genre's cliché in amusingly productive ways...More often than not, though, this conspiracy isn't the real deal, but rather an elaborate distraction.
It turns out to be a disappointingly underdeveloped film that its makers, chiefly director Nima Nourizadeh and writer Max Landis, must have thought could coast by on a cool but half-baked idea.
it has no problem exploring absurdity in all this manifestations, and doing so with forthright violence of which Sam Peckinpah would be proud, and an existential nausea that might give Sartre pause.
Eisenberg and Stewart have both found romantic partners with whom they have chemistry (some provided by controlled substances). Tender, forgiving, and sexy, they're the hottest couple on screen at the moment.
Erratic ...
A diverting summer action adventure with occasional laughs ...
American Ultra has its moments, but it's mostly a waste of good weed and better actors.
[It] becomes a glib, juvenile exercise in violence for its own sake, squandering the lived-in vibe between Eisenberg and his co-star, Kristen Stewart.
"American Ultra" is doodles in a math-class notebook given a budget, and although it's frequently as stupid as it sounds, it's amiable enough to pass the bowl around.
With a title that evokes the vague allure of an off-brand cigarette, "American Ultra" pushes a worn premise with slightly different packaging.
Take Dazed and Confused and mix it up a bit with James Bond, and you have a general idea of where American Ultra is headed.
In the end, American Ultra is doomed by its nondescript script.
What begins as a clever action-comedy a la "Pineapple Express" or Eisenberg's earlier "Zombieland" devolves into a standard shoot'em-up, with gore splashed around to distract us from the dearth of wit.
The movie wants to be simultaneously hard-edged and light on its feet -- dark and cynical while embracing an attitude of happy-go-lucky absurdity.
it is Eisenberg who really floats this boat with his stoner paranoia, sweet self doubt and impeccable comic timing.
Not a bad trip to the movies if you can pull yourself up off of that Cheetos-encrusted couch, but also not anywhere near as subversively adept as what you'd hoped for.
The drama gets in the way of the action, while the comedy disrupts the drama.
No, American Ultra isn't realistic. But it's crazy fun, partly because Eisenberg is perfect as an anxiety-ridden stoner who turns into a hero.
Eisenberg and Stewart make a nice pair, the secondary performances are a pleasure, the characters are roundly likable, and the action is crisp, effectively sanguine, and creative in a way that's also totally uninventive.
The truth is that you believe more in Britton, playing a disgraced CIA officer, than in Eisenberg as a stone-cold killer. Her angry walk down the halls of Langley signals lethal intent.
... a clumsy mix of courtship and gunpowder, passion and horror leading to a romantically sick-humored conclusion. The end nearly justifies director Nima Nourizadeh's means of getting there. But not quite.
"American Ultra" is very predictable. You can nap during the film and still know what is going on when you awake. The film lacks nuance; everything is telegraphed and predictable.
As an action movie Ultra is essentially a gory blur, both frantic and airless.
The brightest star of this picture is screenwriter Max Landis, who pulls off a masterful mashup of action, comedy and romance, with bits of animation tossed in.
A nonsensical failure of a movie. That it wastes an impressive collection of very good actors just adds to the sadness.
The tenderness in some of the early scenes took me by surprise. But then gore and general cartoonishness took over.
Crass, shallow, nasty and ugly, American Ultra devolves from a promising graphic-novel-like start into a hard-R-rated bloodbath just cartoony enough to stave off bolting from the movie theater to take a shower.
...the schizophrenic screenplay by Max Landis can't decide if it wants to make you laugh or cringe at the bloodshed.
"American Ultra" has a clever premise. But it misses several opportunities to at least comment on, if not skewer, the spy movies that it only halfheartedly pokes fun at.
Although the movie boasts a talented cast and intriguing premise, it never amounts to more than a mildly amusing end-of-summer distraction.
It's all quite fun to watch, thanks in large part to the script by Max Landis, whose ability to find humor in the middle of a crisis meshes well with Nourizadeh's kinetic directing style.
Though [it] wants desperately to be an outrageous mix of action and comedy, in the end the recipe produces a curiously unpalatable dish.
It's demented, occasionally inspired, and often very funny.
...like the wasteoid who trails off mid-sentence to get lost in the cover art for Animal Collective's Merriweather Post Pavilion, [Nima] Nourizadeh has trouble concentrating on a single organizing narrative mode for his film.
It exists to entertain in its own oddball universe, munchies optional.
Sort of seems like it worked better on paper but also doesn't seem that good on paper.
"American Ultra" tries to combine a sweet, slacker romance with a slick, super-violent action flick. If that sounds jarring to you, that's probably because it is.
Even in a cartoonish scenario like this one, there's still something icky about trying to provoke chuckles with over-the-top mayhem.
A hilarious, thrilling and exhilarating ride that's destined to become a cult classic.
Eisenberg usually plays geeky and studious, not gallant and studly. He's Mark Zuckerberg, not Jason Statham. But he gets to stride both sides of the street in the disposable yet mildly enjoyable riff on the spy-movie formula.
A genre-bending stoner comedy that proves most successful as a romantic action-thriller. In between the blistering gunfire and spoon-stabbings to the neck, "American Ultra" isn't without its oddball charms.
This is a deeply weird film - in the best way - and feels incredibly of this particular moment.
"American Ultra" is an American-style movie that needed more ultra.
The movie's twisty charm gives way to gory splatter, but Eisenberg and Stewart stay appealing to the last.
As Mike maims and kills more thugs in increasingly brutal ways, the low-key stoner comedy becomes an ugly, cynical bloodbath.
Inconsistent and unevenly packed as it might be, American Ultra sends you off enjoying a pleasantly mellow buzz.
Blood-splattered and ultra-violent, it's amazingly awful and dopey in more ways than one.
American Ultra works best as an alternative love story. It's cute, it's fun, it's unpretentious, and it's primed for future midnight screenings at home
A testicles-on-the-tarmac August B-movie, fun in bad ways, bad in fun ways.
A Bourne movie turned just askew enough to be funny, American Ultra trains a bemused eye on a trope ripe for a ribbing.
While Nourizadeh's just-for-fun head trip is no more ambitious than its long-haired pothead of a main character, it delivers on its sole goal: to entertain and to surprise.
Kristen Stewart and Jesse Eisenberg may help kill the comedy, but they elevate the secondhand drama into something more than was in the script.
Too often plays like an earnest yet unsatisfying adaptation of a cult graphic novel, with most of the charm lost in translation.
A genre mash that's mildly amusing until it can't think of anything else to do besides flop around in the deep end of conspicuous gore.
Check your brain at the popcorn-butter pump in the lobby and enjoy it.
Unfortunately both Eisenberg and Stewart, both frequently brilliant, are on unsure footing here. The movie simply doesn't know if it wants to be Jason Bourne or Cheech and Chong.
A bloody valentine attached to a bomb. It's violent, brash, inventive and horrific, and perhaps the most romantic film of the year.
Part stoner comedy, midnight movie, outsiders' love story and ultraviolent B-movie, this intriguing film is given real soul by stars Jesse Eisenberg and Kristen Stewart. But the ambitions end up being more laudable than the results.
Artless and unpleasant, this is the kind of late-summer swill that gives August a bad name.
The director and screenwriter lose their way, allowing the film's sensibility to degenerate from outrageous to cartoony, and piling up plot contrivances and corpses in stacks so high that they obscure whatever charms the film once might have held.
A perfect storm of aggressively repulsive choices, it's a queasy bad trip worth avoiding at all costs.
It's not exactly a bad movie. You get what you pay for, and it's somewhat entertaining. But it seems to have stopped thinking as soon as it finished the logline.
A late-summer surprise.
A delightful summer sleeper not to be missed!

@highlight

American Ultra has some interesting ideas, but like its stoned protagonist, it's too easily distracted to live up to its true potential.