Traitor succeeds in painting a multihued, nuanced picture that is much more satisfying than paint-by-numbers conclusions.
...one can't help but embrace the slow-moving narrative to an increasingly palpable degree.
Simmers down into a reasonably smart little thriller with a moral conscience, yet.
If it doesn't succeed in challenging you perception of the war on terror, it might challenge your view on Steve Martin.
Surprisingly, Steve Martin created this story. In a decade of wild and crazy fictional terrorism, his was the most horrifyingly plausible - one that spun terrorism as drama into uncomfortable community theater, striking the country's friendliest corners.
We watch for the sake of the chase, and while it's a chase that certainly proves better than most, it's also one that is good enough to have been even better than that.
As a thriller, Traitor excels and feels especially relevant, considering the subject matter.
The action scenes will grab you, but there's an actual story here, too.
Much harder to see coming is the film's denouement, but that's only because of its extreme silliness.
A certain interest resides in the film's even-handedness.
As the eponymous terrorist, Cheadle makes a big impact without too much noise.
Traitor is undeniably an intelligent, watchable thriller that wisely steers clear of racial stereotyping, yet manages to fall short of delivering a wholly satisfying cerebral or visceral experience.
The result is an absorbing, old-fashioned drama without the gung-ho rhetoric you might have expected.
A globe-trotting conspiracy thriller that is a little too complicated for its own good.
Traitor has its faults. It's overlong, contrived in parts and ultimately resorts to some predictable tactics. The irresistible question is whether the US would be making films like this if 9/11 hadn't happened.
Strong turns from Cheadle and Pearce elevate an ambitious suspenser with a keen eye for the duplicities that propel the War On Terror. The risible ending, alas, is pure wish-fulfillment hokum, while the solitary female character is barely a cipher.
More carefully measured than many of its American contemporaries, Traitor doesn't match the heights of Syriana, but sits comfortably above, say, The Kingdom for mapping out the complexities of its issues .
Once the pieces fall into place, it loses momentum, meandering towards a contrived climax in which all ambiguity is swept aside and the forces of righteous democracy prove reassuringly triumphant.
The moral maze is not quite as murky as it should be, a suspicion that we may have misjudged the hero whisks the film back into the realms of fiction, and detracts from the issues it raises.
Some well-meant but fantastically flaccid and perfunctory gestures of friendship towards the Muslim world are the foundation of this empty thriller.
The mounting fear and isolation of the Cheadle character puts us in an interesting place: the war on terror is reconfigured as a tussle of the soul.
Globetrotting conspiracy thriller which moves at a fair old pace, blending action with a complex storyline.
Tense, intelligent and quite moving, it's a meaty thriller filled with characters painted in refreshingly complex shades of grey.
It was the fine performances from Cheadle and Pearce which really grabbed his attention.
Before it reverts to standard thriller tropes, this tale of an Islamic double agent takes a more thoughtful attitude to East-West relations than one might expect.
It isn't often that you see a thriller about international terrorism as even-handed as Jeffrey Nachmanoff's Traitor.
Despite some strong performances and the occasional good moment, Traitor never quite gets the tone right and is ultimately undone by an unintentionally laughable climax.
An intelligent, action-packed thriller, made on a modest budget with no mega stars? Phew! Didn't see that coming.
For a Hollywood movie about terrorism, Traitor deserves credit for trying to challenge audiences. It mostly succeeds, but it doesn't really break any new ground.
Traitor is a grown-up film that doesn't insult the intelligence.
The theme of treachery is well unpicked as our view of the moral limits of "necessary evils" gets stretched. Only Horn's unlikely visit to a girlfriend and an obscure ending mar a taut, engaged thriller.
This double or maybe even triple agent dude decidedly favors a kind of 'this hurts me more than it hurts you' scorched earth policy, a mentality not exactly conducive to cozy plot resolutions.
Cheadle's struggle to express the convictions of a man who assimilates evil in order to destroy it is sometimes mesmerizing; sometimes schizophrenic.
Overall more thoughtful than jingoistic, even if it does little to advance audience understanding of the War on Terror and its multi-tentacled morality plays.
Competence is fine, but imagination is what's really demanded from such material, and Nachmanoff's remarkably dull-headed way with dialogue is certainly no help.
A relentless suspense thriller with a jaw-dropping twist that will have you on the edge of your seat.
As an attempt to delve into the murky reaches of fundamentalism and fanaticism it displays its ambitions.
Like The Fugitive, Traitor is a thriller where both the pursuer and the pursued are well-developed, compelling and sympathetic figures.
For most of its length, Traitor is a serious and suspense-filled film ... But as the movie approaches its climax, the plot goes crazy -- and [not] in a good way.
A good political action movie that makes you use your brain a little bit.
It was complicated but ultimately it failed in that attempt to deliver a complicated message.
Let's just say this is a well paced thriller with a strong cast -- it's good to see Guy Pearce on screen -- but the terrorist threat which obsessed the recent Bush administration has been dwarfed by a couple of things...
Cheadle and Pearce are equally good in their roles, and their characters are given real feeling through Nachmanoff's pungent script, which provides the viewer with significant background and depth on the two leads.
A taut and topical thriller that attempts to add a human dimension to the fast-paced and often explosive action.
Cheadle can do pretty well anything, and in this film, he often has to.
The Traitor manages to get right is what so many other post-9/11 films got wrong: it does not confuse criticism of American policy with an attack on American ideals.
The Koran is part of the battleground for the film's moral compass, and while it may overshoot the average multiplex goer's comfort zone for a spy movie, it engages on a serious level
Traitor or Patriot? Terrorist or hero? The answer is subjective and what I like about this complex drama is that we become party to both sides.
As an espionage thriller, Traitor delivers. But the movie does so in a realistic way.
Casting Don Cheadle as a Jason Bourne type is a brilliant idea. Too bad Traitor is no Bourne again.
Traitor is filled with more surprises and originality than last year's much ballyhooed Michael Clayton and Don Cheadle deserves much of the credit.
Sure, it's as predictable as a Vegas magic show, but it can be a fun ride.
If you can overlook the stereotypes (which I fear many Americans won't even notice as such), Traitor provides an entertaining evening at the movies.
Don Cheadle, heart sewn to his sleeve, is badly miscast in this war-on-terror thriller.
While the film appears at first to be complicating the definition of "traitor," it's not long before the potential meanings are reductive and literal.
Appallingly cynical...desires to appeal to the biggest possible audience while offending nobody. Which means, inevitably, that it has something to offend everybody.
TRAITOR starts with the complexity and credibility of a John LeCarre spy story and transforms itself into an action thriller of the Frederick Forsyth mold.
There's a line in the movie where someone says, I just want the truth. The truth? Traitor is so complicated I have no idea what it's trying to say.
The mix of high-minded politics and slowly ratcheting tension pays off, as "Traitor" uses brainpower to generate its thrills.
A film that aims to examine Islam in order to separate the true believers from those who have hijacked it for terrorism. (Sound boring? It's also a taut thriller.)
Apart from the performers, and some atmospheric photography by J. Michael Muro, the movie is a conflicted muddle.
Even viewers burned out on talk about politics and war will be queasily engrossed by conversations inside Samir's cell.
The movie moves swiftly and purposefully enough to briefly distract from its own hackneyed conventionality. But disappointments and doubts can't be held off for long.
Don Cheadle and Guy Pierce are at the top of their acting game
Martin sacrifices tough satire for apolitical piety. Traitor could have been called Patriot, but the latter notion is unfashionable.
I'm not sure I've ever seen a film go straight to hell so quickly and so badly as this.
Talented actor Don Cheadle brings yet another angst-driven character to life in 'Traitor,' a looka t the question of whether the means ever justifies the end in killing.
Tense, unpredictable and intriguing, terrorism weaves a tangled web of conspiracy.
...a surprising, mature action thriller that is thought provoking, action-packed (in an intelligent way)
Cheadle's performance alone can't save the feature from falling into ridiculousness, but he is able to pull things back up. When he does so, the result is, for a few moments, as thoughtful as the rest of the film could have been.
A timely story, some welcome complexity, and a compelling performance elevate this story of terrorism above the usual bang-bang.
Traitor plods along while still somehow managing to keep us engrossed no matter how slow the pacing gets ... [but] it asks too much of the viewer's patience for its minimal dramatic payoff.
Promising premise devolves into a by-the-numbers espionage thriller.
This serious, intelligent political thriller about jihadists and America's war on terror represents a dramatic change from writer-director Jeffrey Nachmanoff's only other produced feature screenplay, the cartoonish Day After Tomorrow.
Traitor gets a leg up thanks to a solid cast, including Guy Pearce, an underused Jeff Daniels and chiefly Cheadle's Horn, whose quiet dignity makes his blurred loyalties believable and his true sympathies indefinable.
Traitor is a thriller as fascinating and frustrating as its cagey, conflicted protagonist.
Traitor becomes too busy, ultimately frustrating, and never delivers on its tantalizing promise of offering a little insight into terrorists' motives -- and it's even got an inside man.
Traitor takes aim at too many targets but hits more often than misses.
A smarter movie about terrorisism.
Despite featuring this cast and having some relevant, promising material, this terrorist thriller never engages us. It slow boils its way to a ludicrous, contrived wrapup that's almost laughably silly.
Forced plot twists, head-scratching jumps in logic, and a plan by the hero that would sound great in a seventh grade short story but could never work out in real life.
[The] twist is worth the price of admission ... But ripping headlines out of today's newspaper and turning them into a movie rarely makes for an entertaining outing.
...a thriller that won't make you feel you wasted your money%u2026 or your time.
Don Cheadle stars in international potboiler as possible Manchurian Muslim mole masquerading as FBI operative.
Cherry picking quotes from the Koran that might sound palatable, this is unlikely to inspire much enthusiasm.
Cheadle comes away unscathed. His commanding performance is the first, best reason to see this.
Traitor isn't exactly what you would call a bad movie. It's just not half as clever or intelligent as it thinks it is.
[T]he smartest, savviest, most seditious movie yet about the 'global war on terror'... by far one of the best movies of 2008 so far...
Limps home to the finish without suspense.
...a thriller that's not suspenseful enough and a drama that is not daring enough.
The wait isn't worth it in this fearmongering, opportunistic political/spy thriller, a slippery entertainment that's all feints and few punches thrown at a fight card of indistinguishable terrorists, Muslim and otherwise.
A more than solid thriller, but one that simmers too much, when it needs to boil."
Traitor is more than a gripping, intelligent thriller. It is also a brave work, maintaining integrity as it deals with a difficult subject that habitually brings out black-and-white, cardboard treatment.
Not quite exciting enough to cover for its lack of political depth.
It's rare for today's movies to tackle terrorism as the deadly threat it is. It's even more uncommon to see Don Cheadle give a lackluster performance. Traitor serves up both.
Let's say The Bourne Identity threw a party and invited The Departed, The Kingdom, Paradise Now and Syriana. Instead of getting trashed or playing pin the tail on the donkey, they decide to craft an earnest PSA on ...
Nachmanoff's 'travelogue' consists of a plot that doesn't twist--heck, it doesn't even kink. Let's call it a mild fold and leave it at that.
Traitor leaves a lot of strings untied on its way to an unsatisfying, Hollywood-ish ending.
The script seldom rises above formula, but its respectful treatment of Islam is both unusual and welcome.
Uneven political thriller mixes faith, terrorism.
Great old-fashioned spy thriller action with a solid backdrop of religious tension amidst the dilemmas of war. A solid plot and good performances make this entertainment that makes the viewer think.
Traitor builds to an intensely suspenseful conclusion, but what lingers long after the film ends are the troubling questions it raises. Not too many movies can make that claim.
Traitor is a rare Hollywood creature: an action picture with ambiguity, a blockbuster with more questions than answers, a shoot-'em-up thriller with a sense of moral and geopolitical ambivalence.
Traitor traffics in the cliches of the terrorist chase film -- including the usual stereotypes of Muslims -- while trying not to succumb to outright bigotry.
It's another good one from Cheadle, who has become the go-to guy for political thrillers.
First-time director Jeffrey Nachmanoff, known for The Day After Tomorrow script, wrote the screenplay. Of all people, Steve Martin came up with the idea. It is neither wild nor crazy.
Traitor delivers plot twists but few real surprises.
Traitor is smart, effective, and at times suspenseful. It's one of a very few terrorist-themed movies that presents its situation without resorting to exploitation or oversimplification.
Observing the conventions of the millennial thriller, it succeeds in amping up the suspense. Yet it never fully engages the ethical conflicts it raises.
Ripped-from-the-headlines realism, top-drawer performances by Don Cheadle and Guy Pearce, a dandy 'ticking clock' story structure and a vast catalog of terrorist modus operandi make this as harrowing as it is timely.
Unfortunately, the movie stumbles a fair bit.
Without its mesmerizing lead performance, Traitor easily could have devolved into direct-to-DVD fodder. Instead, Cheadle illustrates how great acting can elevate standard-issue material into something much more haunting and ambiguous.
To call Traitor deeper than the average Hollywood thriller may not be saying much, but the film deserves credit for trying to both challenge and entertain its audience.
Ultimately the film is both too contrived and too casual, both relentless in the way it manipulates its plot and sloppy in its understanding of the consequences.
A solid, intelligent international thriller showcasing the underrated Don Cheadle in an intriguing and morally ambiguous role, Traitor is the best end-of-August movie I've seen in years.
The twisty, turny Traitor succeeds where similarly topical thrillers often fail because, like its protagonist, it plays its cards close to the vest.
Traitor blusters and whines like innumerable Steve Martin personas, too focused on making noise to think up much to say.
The action-thriller stuff is serviceable, if unremarkable, but there's no denying the sense that the filmmakers lost their nerve.
Flat and just plain boring most of the time, Traitor wastes some fine actors -- Don Cheadle, Guy Pearce, Jeff Daniels and Said Taghmaoui -- and a topical story, finding no sparks in what should be an incendiary tale of terrorism.
In the subgenre of post- 9/11 films, it falls between the serious, compelling Syriana and the slighter, action-packed Vantage Point.
A confused and unsatisfying experience with some nice moments that don't amount to much.
A thriller that's frequently implausible but almost always thoughtful.
Traitor offers up one of the more maddeningly, gratifyingly complex lead characters seen in movies lately.
There's a terrorist around every corner in Traitor, to the point where you start wondering if "Steve Martin" is a pen name for Dick Cheney.
A fair number of recent, post-9/11 dramas have suffered from the same malady: research paperitis.
Traitor, a somber, absorbing and only moderately preposterous new thriller written and directed by Jeffrey Nachmanoff, manages an impressive feat of economy.
Traitor is an earnest, efficient, serviceable thriller that makes a valiant effort to untangle some of the moral complexities of the post-9/11 world.
It tells a good, snakelike story, slithering in some unpredictable directions.
A thought-provoking addition to the current wave of real world political thrillers.
By only partially broaching the film's underlying themes concerning terrorism, religion, and international relations, Traitor becomes little more than a disposable thriller in need of a sharper focus.
Traitor is an amazing flick that perfectly balances out the reality of terrorism and keeps the audience guessing and entertained throughout.
It may dip a toe or two in the waters of previous international conspiracy thrillers, but it works the genre with tremendous spirit and a robust sense of humanity, eschewing standard action honors to observe the actual consequence of death.
when the entire movie revolves around rooting for (or against) the success of a massive suicide bombing campaign, you're asking a lot from the popcorn and nacho crowd.
The title double-edged, 'Traitor,' however, sticks to its main guns as a spy-fanatic-jihad thriller. In this it succeeds better than many others.
Cheadle usually melts seamlessly into his roles. He's less convincing here, however.
[A] tense, talky and unusually thoughtful spy thriller.
Traitor can't seem to decide whether it wants to be an edge-of-the-seat action thriller or a more contemplative and intellectual drama about religion and terrorism.
A tough, taut, mostly well-executed morality parable and thriller that explores some of the bitter ironies of this strange religious vendetta in which America unwittingly finds itself.
Don Cheadle is such a good actor. If he were more of a showboat, he would be a bigger star. But he remains the go-to man for a film like this.
It's serious and intense like a fall political drama, but it's shallow and meaningless like a summer blockbuster.
Despite Nachmanoff's fairly brisk pacing, the film has some drag in its midsection...but the director atones with turn of the screw climax most will not see coming.
An intelligent thriller with twists.
Other than Samir, most of the characters are oversimplified placeholders with little depth, but Cheadle gives you someone to latch onto and care for. You also sort of despise him, because he may well be doing more harm than good.
All you'll learn about the War on Terror from this movie is that one exists.
Less radical than it appears, dressing up a fairly old-fashioned scenario in contemporary trappings. But simply as a political thriller, it delivers the goods pretty efficiently.
Cheadle is outstanding. That's no surprise; he's a fantastic actor. Here he's given a lot of room in which to navigate.
When a director can't fulfill his obligations to his genre, he doesn't win the confidence he needs to lead an audience into higher terrain.
Perhaps because Traitor aims to be equal parts explosive action picture and serious-minded character drama, it never completely hits the mark in either regard.
The plot holes escalate as quickly as the action.
A thriller with many insights into terrorism and the agencies committed to stem the tide of violence.
TRAITOR isn't a bad movie, and has some exciting moments. But it's by-the-numbers screenplay and direction leaves alot to be desired.
The filmmakers, I think, got in over their heads and couldn't decide whether they were making an action thriller or a drama of conscience; they wound up flubbing both.
An intellectual and philosophical lost cause.
Well made and acted but lacking edge-of-your-seat suspense.
Pearce has a few moments where a personality shines through, but he's overwhelmed by the fast, noisy pressures of a film shot in 17 cities and on three continents.
Making Traitor something more than a disposable B-movie was possible, but at this point in the release calendar, way more effort than it was worth.
"Traitor" is an intense and highly politicized film that dares to look at more than a few sides of an ideological battle that rages throughout the world.
The first things to go in Cheadle's portrayal of such a knotted, inward man are spontaneity and a sense of humor.
A thriller about the moral complexities of the war on terror, Traitor is really a movie at war with itself.
The novel angle of a hero who's Muslim-American, honestly played by Don Cheadle, and an intriguing moral dilemma almost compensate for the flaws of the thriller, which is exactly the opposite of Syriana with its conventional tale and compromised ending.
With a sprawling production that spans many international locations, Traitor is efficient and convincing.






@highlight

Despite another reliable performance from Don Cheadle, Traitor suffers from too many cliches and an unfocused narrative.