Even by Sparks's standards, this is clichéd old stuff, not helped by the fact that the young actors in the contemporary story -- Britt Robertson and Scott Eastwood (yes, Clint's son) -- are no match for Jack Huston and Oona Chaplin.
I'll say this for The Longest Ride: It did not make me want to burn anything down.
Scott Eastwood's less mysterious than dad. Clint's got more warrior, Scott's got more lover. Nevertheless! Scott's very Clinty! 'Ride's' the anti-'Fifty Shades of Grey.'
[It] so casually meanders down a cluttered road of clichés that you feel chided for daring to take a single ounce of it seriously.
This could have been the second-best Nicholas Sparks movie had it just been Ira and Ruth's story. Instead, The Longest Ride is weighed down by an unnecessary second story that tries too hard, and bullpen full of clichés.
Its theme of cherishing love when it comes your way couldn't be blunter, but on the whole this is one of the better Sparks movies, with even a neat twist in the tale to reward those who last the distance.
Unfortunately, Chaplin's brilliance, Alda's funny crustiness, and Eastwood's vulnerability aren't enough to keep this film afloat.
The Longest Ride is a weak sauce addition to the Sparks empire, a little better than last year's The Best of Me, but miles below uber-Sparks work The Notebook.
The Longest Ride is what happens when a studio exec sees The Notebook and Dear John, and then goes "You see that? Do it again the same, but different."
Overall, it's a pretty dull date night for all interested parties.
For once, a movie based on a Nicholas Sparks book appears to be populated by relatively realistic approximations of human beings dealing with relationship conflict in realistic ways.
Like all of Sparks's stories it's corny as hell, but there's an unabashed, old-fashioned charm that gradually warms the cockles and moistens the eye.
Thanks to the scenery, the performances and a rich vein of unintentional silliness, The Longest Ride feels a whole lot shorter than it is.
Devotees of author Nicholas Sparks's work will no doubt be delighted with The Longest Ride's bonanza offering: two militantly preposterous love stories for the price of one!
Sometimes it's better just to hold your hands up and welcome movies as cheesily inoffensive as this.
Shamelessly sentimental.
So soaked in Americana you feel as if you've been repeatedly vomited upon by a bald eagle.
One of those rare films whose porn version will have the same title.
It's no The Notebook, and when that's a seriously meant criticism, you're in trouble.
It's not called The Longest Ride for nothing. At 2 hours plus it's the lengthiest Sparks movie yet - after about an hour of snooze-inducing predictability you're just desperate for it to end.
Sparks' usual mixture of female self-sacrifice, sensitive tough guys, unlikely twists and frequent dashes to the hospital. It's a familiar cocktail but it packs a real punch.
However contrived this tenth Sparks-to-screen becomes, the emotions and chemistry outweigh the bull.
Blandly photographed and unexceptionally acted, The Longest Ride is a typically generic love story from the Sparks production line.
Cloying but satisfying.
Robertson and Eastwood are appealing and photogenic, but their romance is callow and trivial compared to Huston and Chaplin's.
The sappiest heartland hokum squeezable from the novelist's formula bottle, this adaptation drip-drip-drips into a well of clichéd sentiment, its last big manufactured teardrop saved for the perfectly ridiculous ending.
The film still comes with the cheesy trademarks that you'd expect with a romantic drama such as this.
... doesn't disguise its efforts to peddle shamelessly sentimental melodrama to the author's legions of fans who make each successive film almost immune to criticism.
Sparks must be doing something right.
[The cast members] help make the inherently flavourless content that follows the initial meet-cute easier to consume -- though never to swallow whole.
The Longest Ride is a predictable romantic drama, with bad dialogue and a romance lacking the strength to be effective on screen, but in the end, it's just another Nicholas Sparks adaptation.
At the end, the movie is predictable and terribly tedious.
No one wanted this to be "The Notebook" as much as I did.
A quartet of burning hearts generate a serious case of heartburn for anyone attempting to stay atop the bucking bull of "The Longest Ride."
The Longest Ride is pretty darn tolerable - and sometimes even enjoyable - not just for fans but also for regular people who are, you know, cynical.
A Nicholas Sparks movie is like cinematic Jello. It sells well, the number one ingredient is sugar, and there's always room for it.
While the story wants to pretend it's about two fully realized individuals who battle their obstacles and fight for their love, it isn't.
Nicholas Sparks is a talentless hack whose storytelling managed to hit a stride with modern audiences. They amount to nothing more than romance novels, and not even good ones.
You can forget about The Longest Ride being a competent movie; it's far from that. However, Sparks fans will be happy to know that my sleeve was damp by the end because my wife had no Kleenex handy.
A Sparks movie will never completely want for melodrama, but it's nice to find one where the melo- is a bit more mellow.
The Longest Ride has as much bull as the 10 previous Sparks adaptations. This is one of the few you can ride for longer than eight seconds.
The only thing more grating than a Nicholas Sparks romance is two Nicholas Sparks romances bumping into each other.
As a romance, a drama, or even a sports movie, The Longest Ride never reaches a satisfying destination.
The film has one story that kind of works, but is continually interrupted by one that doesn't. That has the effect of keeping The Longest Ride from ever achieving the meaning and relevance it so clearly aims for.
Look, it's easy to laugh at this stuff - that's part of the game, in fact. To buy into these movies, you have to buy into the silliness. But The Longest Ride, for all its ridiculousness, comes by its emotions honestly.
The Longest Ride is reasonably plain and inoffensive, but those are huge problems at this point. It's just not very sexy, or challenging, or different.
It sure was a long ride and one I would not care to take again.
Formulaic but still romantic Nicholas Sparks adaptation.
"The Longest Ride" is almost saved by Jack Huston and Oona Chaplin...but not quite.
Like the big bowl of mac and cheese Luke says is his favorite dish, it's all mostly a bunch of squishy, deep-dish goo---but hey, it does look pretty good.
Truly, Sparks' Caucasian dreariness is a a force from which nothing, not even passably interesting directorial techniques can escape. A white hole, if you will.
You probably think The Longest Ride is about some mixture of young love and bull riding. If you think that, you are about half right.
You heard of "Star Wars"? Films based on Sparks' books could be called "Star-Crossed Wars."
a fantastical love story Sparks fans will probably love, made more endurable for the rest of us by a cast giving it more commitment than it's worth.
The two halves of "The Longest Ride" do not always smoothly congeal, but it is a sure bet that it will work for its target audience—and likely a few skeptics as well.
The latest big-screen adaptation of a Nicholas Sparks' novel, and it's one of the better ones. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
It's a paint-by-numbers affair with an absurdly manipulative third act, barely managing to bring the heat with its mismatched co-stars. Perhaps the Sparks-faithful won't mind, but they certainly deserve better.
The movie has nowhere to go and spends more than two hours getting there.
Better than average for a Nicholas Sparks adaptation, but still pretty two-dimensional with an utterly ridiculous ending.
If men can swoon when muscle cars parachute from planes in "Furious 7," women should be able to enjoy the soothing fantasy of Sparks World, wherein true love, hard work and kind gestures are rewarded with enormous fortunes and nice houses.
Conducts an all out assault on your tear ducts with plenty of support from Alan Alda. I was almost ready to surrender. Almost.
People don't go to Sparks movies for subtlety; they go to warm their hearts by bearing witness to true love. Of course, that requires a story that rings true. In "The Longest Ride," authenticity is in short supply.
Eventful, polished, and knuckle-bitingly dull, the 10th film adapted from a novel by Nicholas Sparks, combines fate, bull riding and some powerful Hollywood bloodlines among its young cast.
It's well-made mush, this. As usual with these [Nicholas] Sparks adaptations, the corn is prepared and brought to the boil very carefully.
The worst Nicholas Sparks novel turned movie of them all. But I said that about Dear John, The Lucky One, Safe Haven and The Best of Me. This time I really mean it.
Sparks' fans will eat it up, though, and that's who The Longest Ride is for, anyway.
Feels like The Notebook crashed into The Best of Me."
Both stories are weak -- and not just in the circumstances-over-character way of the Sparks universe.
"The Longest Ride" treats us to a twist that's so ridiculous I think we're almost supposed to laugh. It's not quite on the "Are you KIDDING ME!?" level of awfulness as the big reveal in "Safe Haven," but it's close. It's close.
It takes a lot to bore your easily entertained correspondent but rest assured The Longest Ride has the goods.
Far be it from me to spoil the plot, but since this is a Sparks story we're required to have at least one death, one scene of shirtless farm labour, one torrential downpour, one nugget of elderly wisdom and one improbable conclusion.
Alda adds gravitas, it's beautifully shot, and Eastwood is destined for stardom, but that's not enough to redeem The Longest Ride.
Can the ailing Ira help the young lovers work things out in his limited time left on earth - or even afterward? Let's just say Sparks works up to an ending that's as shamelessly preposterous as it is predictable.
Brazenly vanilla for a Sparks adaptation, The Longest Ride modestly captures the dull comfort of old-fashioned romance.
Scott Eastwood's good ol' boy Southern gentleman is sweetly charming. He's perfectly matched with Britt Robertson, who has grown since the under-appreciated CW Network series Life Unexpected.
It tries to bridge the gap between pop culture and cultural elitism, between high art and the common commodity that everyone else buys tickets to see. A worthy goal, but it results in a movie that has none of the virtues of either.
just another Nicholas Sparks calamity
Unrelenting generic blandness
It runs a long 128 minutes. You have to wade through not just puddles of tears, but also piles of BS.
A sentimental movie with a message worth pondering about what it takes to keep love alive.
Merely adding an older generation of lovers to a love story does not make your romance one for the ages.
The treacle flows for well over two hours, an interminable serving of the author's trademark schmaltz.
Conforms to a timeworn, and shopworn, Sparks formula of troubled protagonists receiving wisdom, or inspiration, or both, from unexpected sources.
It's exactly what you'd expect, except executed with more-than-typical competence with the help of a few excellent actors and some gorgeously photographed rodeo scenes that capture the drama and thrill of bull riding.
The young Eastwood is better than you might expect, though it's Chaplin who shines in this Nicholas Sparks romance.
If this is your particular poison, it won't kill you. But anyone averse to Sparks' sappy touch may get sick from all the bull.
Delivers a slick, serviceable blend of romance and melodrama. Your typical love and sacrifice and bull-riding tale.
There's little here to convince the audience of boy and girl's special chemistry, and nothing to attach the audience to them, either.
Everything is tied up in a neat moral bow, with Luke realising that the challenge of the rodeo pales next to the "longest ride" of the title, which -- I hope I'm not giving too much away -- is the ride they call life.
Though Tillman doesn't quite elevate the maudlin material into serious drama, the result is uncommonly sensitive.
Sparks' perverse need for love to be perfect-even if it takes cancer to make it happen-becomes The Longest Ride's undoing.
This is spoon-fed entertainment, but it tastes pretty good.
Even when Eastwood and Robertson, pleasant enough company, threaten to float off the screen, "The Longest Ride" glides along and delivers its reheated comfort food by the ton.
Everything in the movie is suffused by a vision of life that is resoundingly and evidently false, but as this vision is not repulsive, but is intended to reassure, the lies don't produce anger or frustration. No, they bring on the laughs.
The two-plus hours is mostly marked by an emptiness born of scene after scene designed to blatantly manipulate emotions rather than trigger them.
The Longest Ride is sentimental, forced and silly, but it's sure to hit the bull's-eye with its intended audience.
As sexy as a rodeo clown and much slower.
Fairly tedious, despite the charm and sincerity of the actors.
There's little doubt where Cormac McCarthy-bashing Sparks's allegiances lie. The Longest Ride is truly no country for old ambiguity.
A weepie that smashes together the Holocaust, bull-riding and Alan Alda, and yet still doesn't achieve cheesy transcendency.
Insipid
Qualifies as one of the best Sparks films by virtue of not including any love-ghosts or destructive misinformation about how Alzheimer's works.
Carolina settings, star-crossed lovers, elements of tragedy: Sparks' formula works. Get out your handkerchiefs, and rest assured that there will be uplift at the end.
It's easy to tease a Nicholas Sparks movie. It's harder to admit that he's good at his niche - and has a string of 10 films, nearly all profitable, to prove it
A well-told love story that starts a little formulaic but quickly turns into something that's enjoyable to watch unfold.
[Nicholas Sparks'] stories can provoke any one of us, curmudgeon or no, to shed a tear or two over the impossible dream of living in one of his fairytale universes.
The film is likely to satisfy Sparks fans. And it brings something new to the romance genre: bull riding.
This predictably sudsy screen adaptation unabashedly oozes slush and sentimentality....
It's dumb, it's long, it's dull, but it isn't quite bad enough to be camp.
Appealing performances by a trio of second- and third-generation Hollywood kids keep this three-hankie twaddle more bearable than it deserves, but "Ride" will surely go the longest with audiences for whom this is not their first Sparks rodeo.
An undistinguished romantic drama that takes few risks and offers wish-fulfilling escapism with bland dutifulness.
Just as the basic plot points are hard to swallow, even the most rudimentary aspects of the characters' interactions feel forced, artificial and unspontaneous.
Delivers romance, passion, heartbreak and surprises - beautifully. The film is an ideal chick flick, date movie and emotional tour de force for anyone who is a romantic at heart
The real love story is between Eastwood and David Tattersall's camera, which spends so much time leering over the actor's cheekbones, abs and other attributes that you begin to wonder if someone's going to call Human Resources.

@highlight

The Longest Ride is less manipulative than the average Nicholas Sparks film, but it's still saccharine and hopelessly contrived -- not that it'll matter to the target audience.