The film always respects the faith that drives the story, but it raises more questions than it answers.
it can be a bit... preachy, if you pardon the pun
With an exploitation-friendly title like Machine Gun Preacher you'd think this movie would be the soul brother of Hobo With A Shotgun. Unfortunately, that is not so.
Despite a competent performance from Butler, Machine Gun Preacher tackles way too much material to present a cohesive onscreen telling of the Sam Childers story.
It's an uncomfortable marriage of sentimental genre conventions and real-life tragedy shown with graphic detail. It does bring you inside the main character's internal struggle, but doesn't seem focused enough as it sways into action film territory.
We're given surprisingly little food for thought when it comes to the question of the complicated tensions between Christian faith and violence.
With all the talk of "Kony/KONY 2012" wending its way into the culture, this movie gives a vivid picture of who this villain is and why the world should be doing something about him.
In the end it devolves into something disappointingly ordinary, which, given the proven skills and sensibilities of director Marc Forster ...
The one-note macho man characterization of Childers comes off as a bit boorishly self-righteous.
It is an overblown, histrionic, cluttered and a nowhere near well enough developed mess, the erstwhile humanitarian a one-note caricature I knew little more about at the end than I did at the beginning.
Butler misfires as a man of God and violence.
O Childers kathgorhthhke gia arketo kseplyma twn praktikwn toy sthn aytobiografia toy, h tainia, eytyxws, arneitai na ton katadikasei kiolas san planemeno barbaro
It is commendable that Gerard Butler, director Marc Foster and writer Jason Keller have tried to bring the issue of child soldiers to as wide an audience as possible - but though its heart may be in the right place, it never finds a steady rhythm.
The film's attempt to tell Childers' story in the context of the bigger horrors being perpetrated in the Sudan feels like an unnecessary burden that Forster's middlebrow approach can't suppo
It's rabble-rousing material, and the final credits, in which we see footage of the real Childers strutting his unedifying stuff, suggest that a documentary would have been the appropriate genre.
Yes, it's yet another story about white people helping poor black folk, but as tales of imperialistic cultural colonialism as spiritual growth go, this one is solid stuff...
Butler, bless him, tries to give us everything here... John Travolta's Wild Hogs, Stallone with a soul, Arnie with a proper mission and Bruce Willis minus the wisecracks, vest and shiny bonce.
Gerard Butler is involving, even charismatic, always plausible as a man of contained and then uncontained violence...
While we admire Childers for his bravery and self-sacrifice, we don't fully understand the reasons for his crusade or see his personal anguish reflected on the screen.
A catalogue of constant clichés which never let up, while Butler's lack of acting chops succeeds in sinking every scene.
There's a certain absurdity, as well as outlandishness, to Childers' tale that Marc Forster's film, starring Gerard Butler, never quite shakes off.
If I didn't know that this was based on real events, I wouldn't believe it. At least not the way the story is told in this film.
Despite the most worthy intentions, Childers cannot single-handedly save Sudan and Butler cannot save this movie.
The worthy story is packed with scenes that are suspenseful and inspiring.
This machine gun preacher offers lots of noise but casts little light.
Watchable, well acted drama that tells a remarkable true story, that is a good thirty minutes too long and slightly hampered by its allegiance to factual detail, meaning that it eventually becomes frustratingly repetitive.
While the film might be biographically accurate, it isn't artistically satisfying: real people are inexplicable in a way that characters in films shouldn't be, and consequently, he feels half-finished.
Overly preachy and overly long. A missed opportunity.
If anyone was cast to lead the vigilante war against the Sudanese LRA rebels ... it's Butler - just swap the Spartan's primitive weaponry for a shooter ...
The need to cram in facts and events makes 'Machine Gun Preacher' feel too much like one large and needlessly glossy montage sequence.
It's gratifying to see Butler giving a proper acting role the old college try.
Material that might have made a terrific documentary instead becomes a worthy drama.
Sam Childers is such a complicated guy that his life would probably work better as a miniseries than a movie.
As inspiring as it is upsetting.
The way the movie tells it, Sam is as obsessively insane as Capt. Ahab, ready and willing to destroy his family for the chance to be a white, violent savior among unfortunate, passive blacks. You can smell condescension even stronger than gunpowder.
Even during this biopic's most absurd moments, Gerard Butler is terrific, conveying gentle and brutal equally well.
Machine Gun Preacher is a flawed and fascinating movie.
Despite its gut-wrenching honesty vis-à-vis lunacy, religion, and the tricky intersection thereof, Machine Gun Preacher is ultimately undone by its chaotic tone.
In telling a true story, ambiguity can be an asset; but instead of mapping a middle course, director Marc Foster veers between two kinds of falsehoods.
After watching MGP I forgive Butler his Hollywood rom-coms. Who knew an American could go to the Sudan, kill lots of rebels without any consequences, and become a living legend?
Butler delivers an unconvincing performance that's part and parcel of a phony film lacking in any narrative subtlety or finesse.
Spectacular scenery fills the screen, courtesy of cinematographer Roberto Schaefer. Definitely a movie with a message, the subject matter and R rated material will find limited audience appeal.
"Machine Gun Preacher" feels inspiring, but never inspired. Which is the difference between a great story and a great film.
Has a built-in disadvantage: director Marc Forster.
The clichés fly like so many spent bullet casings...
An interesting twist on the "white man saves all" genre, but not subversive or insightful enough to rescue an otherwise limp, muddled biopic.
The whole thing comes off as one long advertisement for Childers' ministry.
Butler's role here feels forced - Machine Gun Preacher might be better viewed on DVD.
The result is a message is too mixed to be effective.
I wonder what Jesus called his favorite firearm?
Gruesome redemption tale made tedious by oversimplification.
More like 'Preacher Hobo with a Shotgun.'
Like it's titular component that's known for spraying bullets everywhere in the belief that enough will hit to do the job, the film might have benefitted more from a carefully aimed rifle approach instead. (Movie Review for Parents also available)
What looks on the surface to be yet another inspiring story of one man's salvation turns out to be instead both an examination of modern atrocity and a rethinking of the burden/beauty of belief.
Why is it that uplifting movies based on true stories often feel so untrue and fall so flat?
Because it's based on real people and events, it carries unquestionable emotional heft despite its equally undeniable flaws.
What a surprise. Its grindhouse title notwithstanding, "Machine Gun Preacher" is a genuine drama.
The Lord may work in mysterious ways, but "Machine Gun Preacher" is downright confounding.
It's not great, but Childers is a compelling person and this is a way to start finding out about him.
Forster's sincere but graceless reinforcement of the white bwana myth is either unable or unwilling to confront the violent and lawless actions of its supposedly God-fearing Christian protagonist.
Such an odd story of extremes.
Somewhere in the middle of this 127-minute film, the energy drops out, and Forster never quite gets it back.
Sam's duality ought to make for some interesting storytelling and a fascinating, conflicted character. But Forster and Butler overplay that conflict, turning "Preacher" into a portrait of goodwill gone amok.
"Machine Gun Preacher'' is crude and ham-handed from its ridiculous title on down, but it still gets to some interesting places.
Childers' deeds are presented simply as heroic. By the end of Machine Gun Preacher, its title character has become a cartoon.
If nothing else, Machine Gun Preacher drives home the inhumanity of the situation far better than any two-minute evening news segment can.
The movie feels more unfocused and half-formed than ambiguous, and glib in the way it links his biker life to his preaching life.
There's more machine gunning than preaching, but what did you expect?
Butler acts the role within an inch of its life.
A morally muddled tale that treats serious issues of faith and violence simplistically rather than with the subtlety they deserve.
"Machine Gun Preacher" gives blood-soaked missionary work a bad name.
"Machine Gun Preacher" is a combination of uplift and gritty violence, and the parts don't fit.
The movie may be a blunt instrument, but the unrelenting Childers is proof that sometimes you have to choose between being subtle and just [bleeping] getting things done.
Trying to cram so much backstory in results in a movie that never finds its groove.
Jesus does funny things to people: one day you're sitting on a toilet shooting heroin; the next you're building an orphanage in war-torn southern Sudan.
There's no real conflict built within the story, no villains or obstacles to root against other than the general foes of warlords and death.
Butler's hero stomps, scowls, snarls and storms ... and 20 minutes later, having used up all the ill-mannered "s" verbs, he's a new man. Oh, for a documentary instead of this insipid muddle.
It's probably Gerard Butler's best and most complete performance to date in one of the more inspirational stories of the year.
Even the Sudanese orphans, whose plight is, after all, the film's reason for being, are presented as a grievous backdrop to Childers's calisthenics. They are poster-art children, framed to elicit our maximum sympathy.
Provocative, faith-affirming, and challenging, it models what Christian-made films could be. Childers's Christianity is shown as the dynamic and intricate force that it is.
The filmmakers may have started with a real story here. But all they've come up with is a real chore.
Might have been better as a parody - except that it's already a parody of itself.
There's nothing especially artful or subtle about this movie, but that was probably never the intention in the first place.
Feels paternalistic and banal when it should be inspiring.
Clearly, this has some potential, but Forster and screenwriter Jason Keller have fallen into the ages-old trap of "staying true to the material" and therefore sabotaging both the movie's narrative and thematic possibilities.
Far too high-and-mighty to truly be moving.
An utterly bungled opportunity to show how a soul gets rebuilt through Christian faith.
...a clunky work that is interesting only some of the time, and that is the time [Sam] Childers spends in Sudan.
Perhaps if the role had been played by an actor capable of conveying greater complexity, it could have been moving. But the way Butler plays it, this is a shoot'em-up blood bath rather than an inspiring movie.
Having such a complicated man as a central character is a blessing and a curse for the filmmakers, and the movie struggles because of this.
The story, written by Jason Keller, lurches and wanders, and the filmmakers seem flummoxed by its ethical and political complexities, unable to reconcile the two poles of their hero's personality.
Charts the hero's spiritual journey, and his Rambo-esque exploits, without offering a scintilla of mature perspective on his state of mind.
a performance in search of a movie. An ostensible bit of sweeping Oscar bait...
...a shapeless mess of a film that has a passion for its central true life subject but plays like a more liberal version of Stallone's "Rambo" reboot.
Fails to deliver an emotional impact, and that's mainly due to its schizophrenic nature. The results are a movie as disjointed as its title makes it sound.
A wearying middlebrow movie that doesn't make its days of self-improvement and altruism seem any brighter than its days of smack addiction and violence.
It expresses something neither religious-uplift movies nor Great White Hope stories tend to acknowledge: the consuming frustration and loneliness that can come alongside a moral call to action.
It's like Machete remade as an awards-bait snoozer.
Empathy's a bitch in Machine Gun Preacher, but its moral toll is not something the by-the-numbers story cares to elaborate on.
The real-life Sam Childers, who's still working in Sudan, is probably more complicated than this.
...ultimately so scattershot when it fires all its rounds that it's hard to tell what, exactly, the film makers were aiming for when they pulled the trigger.
It might look like a powerful true life drama but don't be fooled by the wrapping: it is in fact a naïve Hollywoodised biopic without much nuance or narrative sophistication.
Childers's varied, charitable life story warrants a movie, but whether that means it's okay to simply mash up sappy Christian piety and action-movie chaos is highly debatable.
Machine Gun Preacher is the umpteenth onscreen iteration of a white savior aiding the most desperate in Africa.
The fascinating factual story and Gerard Butler's compelling pefromance compensate up to a point for the uneven screenplay, middlebrow sensibility, and Fortser's pedestrian direction.
This amazing true story is somewhat let down by workman-like direction, but Butler's performance, coupled with the undeniably powerful story make this worth watching.
The exploitation title may not do it any favors, but this biopic based on the incredible life journey of Sam Childers-a drug-addicted, violent, low life biker redeemed by God and Sudanese orphans-is gripping, inspirational and well told.
No wonder Butler fancied taking this on: it's a terrific fit for his own brand of soulful aggression - half saint, half psychopath.
What a weird movie.
Machine Gun Preachernicely balances the action and drama, uses its locations well and has the good grace to celebrate a relatively unknown do-gooder, whatever his motivations may be.
[Marc Forster]is constrained by reality, and so is left with a story that lacks much of a satisfying climax or anything like a proper ending.




@highlight

There's a complex man at the center of Machine Gun Preacher but the movie is too shapeless and emotionally vacant to bring his story to life.