At its delirious worst, it's as pungent a Parisian cheese shop, offering a cornucopia of laughable scenes.
The only magnetism generated by ersatz black-widow Fascination is that perilous urge to slow down and peek at the roadside wreck.
...Fascination generally vacillates between being utterly ridiculous and flat-out boring.
The presence of Jacqueline Bisset is the only reason the little man hasn't left the chair.
Fascination would be a good title for a movie that was in any way interesting.
A sweaty bit of smut disguised as high-class suspense.
Lust. Betrayal. Revenge. Greed. Murder. Somehow, all of these things become dull in the preposterous and yet decidedly un-fascinating "Fascination."
Laughably cheap and cheesy...
The most fascinating thing about this movie is why they thought anyone would want to see it.
Here is an erotic thriller that instead of sizzling, fizzles.
It's a film that fully lives up to its title, because you'll leave the theater fascinated that Fascination ever made it to the big screen.
Klaus Menzel's laughable screenplay is not enhanced by direction not much more accomplished than that of a typical Cinemax late-night adult series.
Contrived and pointless.
So tedious is Fascination that the plot, the embittered characters and, yes, the sexuality are merely insipid.
Blood! Hooters! Really improbable, out-of-left-field plot developments! You could do a lot worse.
Thankfully, fades from memory as fast as most January releases.
If you're in the mood for some unscripted belly laughs or a catnap, Fascination should do the trick.
Jacqueline Bisset looks lovely at 60, and that's the best thing about Klaus Menzel's laughably bad thriller.
The balance of the film is so nonsensical that not even sex can sell it.
Fascination should make a bee line to Cinemax's late night lineup, where it belongs
A film noir tale of intrigue hurt by the glossy approach writer-director Klaus Menzel applies like so much nail polish.
I sat through something whose predictability managed to be both howlingly funny and crushingly dull, with a performance by a lead whose acting looks like he's trying to decide between the mushroom-Swiss burger and the Monte Cristo on the menu.
Commits a striking number of sins against competent filmmaking.
It's believable that the screenplay was originally a parody, but it was written at a time when erotic thrillers had a certain sleazy seriousness. Say it with me: Wild Orchid.
Lurid, lazy and altogether awful...

@highlight

Laughably overheated and featuring loads of cheesy dialogue, Fascination is the virtual definition of so-band-it's-good.