A most recommendable film... [Full review in Spanish]
Novitiate is a rare film about religion that neither bludgeons a viewer into accepting an ideology nor treats believers as misguided simpletons.
There's a terrific ensemble cast and strong period piece work (especially costume work of the wedding dresses representing marriage to God) at play in Novitiate
Questions of faith and devotion are explored with sensitivity and grace in Novitiate, a quietly moving drama about nuns on the cusp of great change.
"Novitiate" is a thoughtful and sincere rendering of the devout religious caught up in the changing times of modern society.
First-time writer/director Maggie Betts mostly manages to involve viewers in exploring why young ladies actually might want to take the spiritual plunge.
A quiet and methodical narrative, "Novitiate" requires patience, but the reward is great.
"Novitiate" is not great, but it is very good at presenting a notable time in church history.
Novitiate is a beguiling movie that requires a thorough examination of your own conscience and connection to religion.
..sensitive to the specific demands of living in a self-contained community ...and respectful of those who choose a religious life.
Novitiate is mostly an open-minded consideration of the devotion that makes some women choose a life of limits, as well as a useful illustration of why inherently conservative institutions are wise to be skeptical about change.
"Novitiate" is challenging, uncomfortable, violent, simple in its message about transformative mind control imposed on youth, superbly acted and technically flawless.
Most films, especially mainstream ones, are about the forces that whirl around characters. "Novitiate" grapples with what's going on inside them.
Leo owns the film. Even when she's not onscreen, the character's heavy, leaden love for her God by all means necessary hovers, wraithlike, over novitiates and viewers alike.
Melissa Leo steals the show as the terrifying Reverend Mother who rules the novitiates with an iron fist without displaying much of the loud aggression typically associated with her type of persona.
In Leo, it presents a remarkable portrait of a complex woman struggling with forces beyond her control.
The anguish of Margaret Qualley is riveting, and Melissa Leo delivers a powerhouse performance in this solemn, soulful melodrama, pulling back the curtain on the secrecy of convent life.
Though it takes a few melodramatic shortcuts, the film is a generally shrewd, thoughtful portrait of life in a cloistered Catholic community at a moment of radical change in the Church.
In Betts' highly capable hands the staid becomes excitingly alive with a story that pulses with energy and guile. Oh, and did I mention the sex? Yes, this could become a habit.
[Reverend Mother Leo's] countenance alternates between a stony smile and a twisted snarl, except for the moments when the changes wrought by Vatican II threaten to loosen her iron grip over her young charges. Then she simply goes to pieces.
Though it can't quite transcend the cliches of its genre, NOVITIATE aspires to a higher purpose, and falteringly achieves it.
There are times when Novitiate tests the viewer's endurance - it's a beautifully shot movie, but it runs more than two hours, and lingering compositions of silent nuns and novitiates start to feel unsupported by the story.
The film raises interesting questions, but the answers remain elusive, and whether that makes for a compelling cinematic experience is entirely in the eye of the beholder.
[Betts's] tone flirts with the hysteria of Ken Russell's "The Devils," giving her film a camp quality she surely never intended.
It's well worth seeing ... not least for the ways it conveys the profound intensity of religious devotion and the costs such devotion can exact.
It says everything about the effective subtlety of Betts' writing and of the performances it inspired that much of what we know of the characters is rarely if ever stated.
A different and less interesting movie might have framed Cathleen's desire to become a nun as an adolescent spite - a way of punishing her mother for a broken marriage and a storm-tossed adolescence.
Perhaps the most remarkable thing about Novitiate is the even-handedness with which it treats religion in general and 1960s era Catholicism in particular.
Deeply enthralling, it's as provocative as it is progressive.
"Novitiate" shows the Church that I grew up with all its rituals and rules and the radical changes that were made with Vatican II.
Novitiate is a scandalous, shameless anti-Catholic freak show.
Leo's impassioned acting makes a supporting role seem like a leading one.
Novitiate, is as heated with ideas as it is with fire in the flesh. I particularly enjoyed Leo's performance as fire-breathing tragic dragon, guarding a treasure that's already been taken.
The inner lives and spiritual struggles of Catholic nuns are examined in Novitiate.
In the end, you simply have to wonder if Cathleen's ultimate decision to stay or go isn't really religious, but simply a question of management styles.
Betts navigates a narrow path between praising the Church and damning it.
Writer-director Maggie Betts balances the naturalistic exchanges of her sympathetic young cast with bravura set pieces for the seasoned actors.
... but there is a coyness about "Novitiate" that makes a viewer not care so very much.
Betts has put together a talented acting ensemble, and the performances are, for the most part, uniformly good and subtle, particularly among the actresses who play the young novices.
As a straightforward movie, Novitiate is a strong work of quiet drama. As a confrontation of something so protected, it's damn near revelatory.
You can call Novitiate divinely inspired and mean it.
A provocative, emotionally resonant, and powerful drama. Melissa Leo gives a commanding, tour de force performance. Margaret Qualley is radiant.
A stirring, soulful convent drama from first-time director Maggie Betts features Melissa Leo in an Oscar-worthy performance as Mother Superior. The film is a potent provocation shot through with grit and grace.
Novitiate is an intriguing if somewhat opaque movie, a feverish testament to the long reach and hard limits of faith.
Stern on the surface, yet entirely human look at religion, femininity and faith.
Betts has succeeded in capturing a watershed moment in the life of the Catholic Church - a push to adapt that is, in important ways, at odds with its very origins.
It's a faith-based film that's about the actual search for faith - and about how often that journey leads us where it will, rather than where we want to go.
The story is episodic, rigorously based on 1960s diaries and sources, but that's what makes it so authentic.
It's hard to imagine a film that more thoroughly passes the Bechdel Test than Novitiate, a period drama about nuns coming to terms with the changes Vatican II brought to the Catholic Church in the 1960s.
Intense nuns-in-training drama has language, sensuality.
Novitiate finds room for all these viewpoints; appreciating the dedication it takes to live such a life while also questioning its suppression of individuality, emotion. This willingness to embrace such complexity is a bit of a miracle in itself.
A strong premise and protagonist can't fully elevate this tale about teen nuns.
"Novitiate" is evocative work and wonderfully internalized.
Novitiate is a solid and nuanced drama that enables us to experience a world most of us know little or nothing about.
Betts aims divinely high and succeeds in both understanding and respectfully critiquing organized religion.
In a time of reflexive irony and glib sophistication, Ms. Betts has made a lovely film about love of God-about marriage to God-and given it a political dimension as well as a dominant character of fierce complexity.
When Novitiate retains its focus, it ventures towards some interesting answers.
Questions of faith may sound dry but they often make for intensely dramatic, even pulse-pounding cinema. "Novitiate" is the latest case in point.
Julianne Nicholson is the movie's secret weapon as a no-nonsense non-believer.
A sharp, observant, and respectful look at young women who are willing to consider reshaping their entire lives to serve God.
Ms. Betts refrains from easy, uplifting answers and facile condemnations of organized religion.
Betts appears to have started out with a rather mundane idea and then stumbled, over the course of her research, onto something much more fruitful. The result is as intriguing and frustrating as that suggests.
Superbly written and directed by Betts --- a wunderkind in her field of other outstanding females in the industry.
"Novitiate" has no weak moments. It is flawless --- especially for a novice director.
Flaunting an all-star cast of impeccable actresses, Betts intrigues the viewer to surrender to the film's intoxicating tale of obedience and self-discovery. It's one of the year's most vivid dramas.
The film's meditative and excessive sides never quite cohere, giving the impression of watching two distinct films that are jostling against each other, rather than united in a single story.
A novel adventure offering a plausible look at the internal angst of a female weighing whether or not she's meant to be a nun.
Betts proves herself to be a fantastic storyteller ... Intense and riveting dramatic storytelling we rarely get to see in any given year.
Betts ... undercuts the characters' passion and transcendent devotion with audiovisual commonplaces, familiar acting styles, and a merely anecdotal narrative.
A strong performance by Melissa Leo as a Mother Superior anchors this absorbing film.
Overlong...dramatically a mixed-bag, but moving.
"Novitiate" needs a heavy editing job but Melissa Leo, stunning as the conflicted nun from hell, is a particular standout and will surely receive an Oscar nomination come next January.
In a way, 'Novitiate' is like a companion piece to 'Silence,' pondering some of the same big questions of faith and affirmation. It's not quite the film 'Silence' is, but few movies are.
[Maggie] Betts might have made a great miniseries; instead, her film, while skillful, ultimately feels stilted.
Filmmaker Maggie Betts guides the drama with a measured intensity. Her directing talent is sharp as a tack.
Narratively speaking, there are no climaxes, no anti-climaxes, just a methodical commitment to establishing the context of one big question: can a woman live without physical love?
Novitiate doesn't tell a straightforward story of love and sacrifice, of faith and its crises. [Margaret] Betts's film is ritualistic and enthralling, with a complex feminism woven into its cloth, and it's something of a blessing.
Though it's shot beautifully, Novitiate's pacing, focusing on the sisters' daily routines, is slow.
Novitiate offers harrowing moments that could have had more impact with a slower tempo.
Strikingly ambitious, even when it can be as formal as a church service.
There's a lot of great filmmaking in Novitiate, but there's also quite a bit still missing.
Novitiate captures something many religious people can understand: the idea that beating oneself (both figuratively and, sometimes, literally) as an act of devotion will make God love us more than he loves other people.
Shining testament to the power of belief.
Mesmerizes as it probes a uniquely female-dominated milieu where passions - both religious, sexual and a combination of the two - run hot under those starched, lily-white coifs and black habits.
It's thought-provoking, occasionally melodramatic fare that should definitely garner some award nominations for Leo, who could put the fear of God into anybody.
The tension Leo can generate simply by entering a room is extraordinary; the folds in her wimple look like extra neck tendons.
A piercing, immersive, and superbly played convent drama in which the suppression of speech is witnessed at both an individual and institutional level.
What's most interesting is the way Betts taps into the complicated semi-romantic dynamic between the nuns and Jesus, the man to whom they have dedicated themselves.

@highlight

Led by a gripping performance from Melissa Leo, Novitiate grapples uncompromisingly -- and ultimately compellingly -- with questions of faith and feminism.