Philomena is the surprise hit of the season.
The film loses the most credibility.. near the end.
The whole thing is something you might read on a Saturday morning on a centre-page spread in the Daily Mail.
Oscar-winning actress Judi Dench is miraculous, giving the title character extraordinary depth and resonance.
Philomena Lee's true-life story and the marvelous movie Philomena raise the same question. What would Jesus do with an unwed mother? I doubt he'd make her do laundry.
Despite its weighty themes, Stephen Frears' film is almost as much a comedy as a drama.
Dench gives an unwavering performance as a woman who is a survivor, with an impressive ability to forgive even those that don't deserve it.
So preoccupied with score-settling, it is frankly rather embarrassing, like that obnoxious relative at Thanksgiving dinner who insists on revisiting each and every perceived slight.
The movie is a bit of a puzzle coming from atheist co-writer Steve Coogan and the script grapples with these big questions of religion, class, and justice in a way that's far beyond the typical teary human-interest story.
Like Coogan's reporter, you'll want to wrap your arms around Judi Dench's Philomena and take her home. You can't, of course - but Philomena will follow you there anyway.
Dench gives a superb performance as a simple, trusting woman of faith.
Dench and Cooper could do this stuff in their sleep and keep us entertained, which they do, but it's the nuanced twists and turns in both the characters and the story that elevate the picture beyond the familiar.
I'd be a grouch to call the two leads anything but delightful, and they both stretch in directions you mightn't expect.
Director Frears handles the story with enough dramatic weight and light comic fare to make "Philomena" a sweet and very compelling human tale...
Be not fooled by the marketing materials, which make the film look like an aged-up version of The Trip with Judi Dench in place of Rob Brydon. Philomena is a terrifically made, entertaining work.
Dench is brilliant as the adult Philomena. In spite of her generally outgoing appearance there is a sadness behind her eyes born of five decades of heartbreak.
Despite the glum subject, Coogan and Dench raise plenty of smiles as the unlikeliest of couples.
Equal parts uplifting tearjerker, odd-couple comedy, and righteous screed against abuse of power in the name of religion
It's a film with depth, tackling big issues while managing to be an immensely personal story at the same time.
Earns its heartwarming-ness honestly, with Dench and Coogan mouthing the dialogue with utter believability.
As much a poignant meditation on motherhood lost as a searing indictment of the Catholic Church's antiquated attitude about what might be in the best interests of an adopted child.
Dench triumphs in tale of a search for a son
Very nicely balanced and unexpectedly moving.
As much a poignant meditation on motherhood lost as a searing indictment of the Catholic Church's antiquated attitude about what might be in the best interests of an adopted child.
Not only is the film an interesting real-life drama, it also works as a buddy comedy thanks to the versatile performances of both Steve Coogan and Judi Dench.
A great story as well as the greatest pairing of a male nonbeliever an a female believer since "The African Queen".
A beautiful, moving story, directed with unhurried, unforced grace by veteran Stephen Frears (The Queen; High Fidelity). If, at the end of this film, you don't at least get a little misty-eyed, please check your pulse: you might already be dead.
Flawless performances and the perfect blend of pathos and humour ensures this is a crowd-pleaser in the best sense of the word.
Lovingly crafted and beautifully told, Philomena is one of this year's highlights.
One of the best purely British films of the year.
I think this is a really good film. You've got to admire Steve Coogan for the projects he takes on.
It's never clear why Martin is the star of Philomena, except that Coogan's sharp tongue is more entertaining than Dench's relentless homily spewing.
After the film ends, it's Philomena's story that sticks. Director Stephen Frears and company should be given credit only for staying out of the real Philomena's way.
You are unlikely to see a better British film this year.
Dame Judi Dench gives a warm and compelling performance in Philomena, a fact-based drama of maternal love and eternal regrets.
Philomena is a heartbreaking, tragic story. It's also a story of hope and faith that survives awful challenges.
Philomena is a marvelous little movie, a heartwarming drama with plenty of comedic pathos that features Judi Dench, an incredibly bright, quickwitted woman, playing a simple Irish woman who doesn't get the jokes of her traveling companion.
The odd-couple road movie is well-trod territory, so it's a welcome surprise to see it handled as intelligently, deftly and movingly as it is in Stephen Frears' Philomena.
[The final act is] a great half hour or so of film -- funny, charming, sad, satisfying -- but the rest of Philomena isn't so up to snuff.
What at first seems formulaic comedy gains a deeper resonance as we see how they represent two responses to cruelty and injustice -- first outrage, and with time, eventually, forgiveness.
Remarkably, given the very serious subject matter, the film exhibits an infectious comedic flair that never goes too far.
A fuddy-duddy, buddy-buddy flick that makes up in sweetness what it lacks in surprise.
A story of heartbreak told in the form of an endearing road trip, Philomena allows Judi Dench to prove once again that she is a cinematic treasure.
That Philomena or Martin might find solace in such cliched and clearly remembered stories is one thing. That the movie follows suit is another.
It's an inherently intriguing setup that's employed to consistently watchable effect by director Stephen Frears...
Frears uses cinematic tools to convey emotions, memories and the past, with great skill. The screenplay takes us across hurdles and impassible walls, adding to the tension
A substantial drama with comic elements that makes you cry when it counts and laugh when you least expect it
Whenever things get too didactic, Coogan's solemn presence helps the picture regain its balance.
It's smart and unsweetened.
Philomena is simply one of those small, true stories that astonish in print and inspire good movies, showing up in theaters just in time for awards consideration. In Dench's case, consider her an Oscar favorite.
It's one of those films that leave you wondering how much is "true," and what has been avoided.
This film works like those mismatched cop partner films. You've got two very different people on a mission to find the truth about a woman's long lost son, but it is also a very good story, based on fact.
A small film that deserves a large audience.
The true story of 'Philomena' hits so close to my own past that I couldn't leave the theater without tears.
It has no idea whatsoever what tone it wants to adopt towards its subject matter, and even less towards the character of Philomena.
[it's] a ceaselessly entertaining film because Dench and Coogan are playing fully realized characters and share a unique comedic chemistry.
Philomena is brought to marvellous life by Judi Dench.
Dench pulls a De Niro here, trading on her legend in the service of a profitable triviality which morphs the tale of a woman's lifetime of regret into a feel-good buddy film offering yuks at the unsophisticated biddy's expense.
Although it's a cliché to stage a road-trip plot with an odd couple like Dench and Coogan, there's more to their comical bickering than witnessed at first blush.
Charming yet tough and not blinkered by its own good intentions, 'Philomena' is an ideal vehicle for the beloved Judi Dench...
Makes me clamor for a Dame Judi Dench/Martin Lawrence buddy film *now*.
Forget the rating controversy, "Philomena" is a film that can be enjoyed by most everyone and might enjoy a run at Hollywood's most prestigious awards.
Dench and co-writer Steve Coogan share a fabulous chemistry on screen; they can ride waves of dialogue that take them from seemingly insignificant topics into questioning the existence of God and back again.
It's a wonderful film, with a perfect cast.
Filled with richly comic human events, and deeply emotional scenarios, "Philomena" is one of the best films of the year.
Uncomfortable, powerful, brilliantly written and acted. One of the year's best.
Even as Philomena embraces the expected feel-good dynamics, it avoids taking the usual path and doesn't paint all of the "evil" nuns with the same brush.
Judi Dench and Steve Coogan are a warm and winning combination in Philomena, a tale that's a little too well-spun.
"Philomena" is a bit of a minor mystery, but it's also a minor triumph, in its way.
Solving this mystery is not nearly as engrossing as watching the actors' pas de deux.
We wouldn't care about any of this if the performances were weak. But both actors find complexity and depth.
The movie turns out to be as cynical as its version of Sixsmith.
Another great heroine from Stephen Frears ("The Queen"). Coogan and Dench perform a marvelous pas de deux, taking turns at the lead.
At its core, this clever, wrenching, profound story underscores the tenacity of faith in the face of unfathomable cruelty.
Director Steven Frears deserves special mention. A lesser filmmaker could so easily have turned this project into mushy, sentimental junk. The tear-jerking moments here are heartfelt and real. It's the kind of filmmaking we see too little of today.
Dench is a delight, playing dowdy instead of her standard regal, and Coogan is appropriately droll and disillusioned. Together they manage to make a sad story feel somehow bright.
A true story that takes unexpected, unusually poignant turns.
Both of these characters are realized and performed so well that one would be hard-pressed to definitively say whose story this actually is...
The chemistry between Steve Coogan as a snooty journalist and Judi Dench as a retired nurse searching for her son brings humor and warmth to a harrowing tale of the plight of unwed Irish Catholic mothers in the 1950s.
A sometimes harrowing, occasionally delightful and certainly emotionally engaging movie. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
Go beyond the manner of its telling and you find a story of cruelty and evil, of shocking acts committed under a veneer of civility and sanctity.
"Philomena" is a remarkable story, told unremarkably.
"Philomena" is a tearjerker of rare honesty and craft.
An utterly charming combination of road trip, odd-couple comedy and heart-touching true story that will leave few dry-eyed, "Philomena" rests comfortably in the lap of the great Judi Dench.
At last, a holiday film for intelligent life.
The story touches on some of the thorniest issues of Catholic doctrine and tempers its righteous anger with a tone more sad than bitter.
Stephen Frears directed and he hasn't done anything this well, or well-balanced, since The Queen.
A magnificently acted and gently moving two-hankie drama.... Judi Dench's central performance is unreservedly endearing.
Judi Dench plays the title role in "Philomena" with her usual authenticity, which is reason enough to see it, but there are so many more.
Though Coogan's the avowed funnyman, twinkly-eyed Dench makes beautiful comic music with him (ironically, as a woman whose sense of humor is lacking), and though Dame Judi's the classically trained tragedian, Coogan holds his own when matters get serious.
Director Stephen Frears manages to successfully walk the tricky line between comedy and dark drama. It keeps the audience off-kilter a bit, but in a good way; we shouldn't always need to know what's coming next, in terms of tone or plot.
Simultaneously comforting and challenging, this slightly old-fashioned comedy/drama is not like any other movie in theaters.
Much of the beauty of Philomena, which was directed by Stephen Frears (The Queen), lies in its odd-couple characters and the superb actors portraying them.
The spotlight shines on the script and characters, and Frears couldn't have two better collaborators.
Maintains a dignified sense of decorum while pushing all the buttons that make for a successful crowd-pleaser.
Dench, Coogan and sure-handed director Stephen Frears ("The Queen") keep the focus on character, and in "Philomena" they've got an earthbound angel.
Is Philomena a good movie or a very good movie? Tough call. Let's say somewhere in between.
Dench is extraordinary, performing at such a level of emotional communication, it's startling to witness, making a simple, minor mystery riveting as she commands the screen with her subtlety.
It's simple and well-told, although nothing about it is breathtakingly original.
Director Stephen Frears stages his character's metamorphoses, and their wrenching discoveries, with such nimble economy that what could have been a manipulative tearjerker is transformed into a genuine one.
More improbable than any fictional story would dare to be, the journey taken by Philomena and Sixsmith is bittersweet and ultimately transcendent.
There's probably not an adjective in the thesaurus that hasn't been deservedly laid at Dench's feet, and Coogan is right there with her.
An amiable and quietly infuriating true-life drama cut from the same durable cloth as its exceptional central character.
Dench and Coogan could easily do an odd couple comedy. That's one of the peculiar revelations of Stephen Frears' dry, amusing and deeply moving ripped-from-the-headlines road movie.
As if we needed one, Philomena gives us all yet another reason to praise Judi Dench, the Grand Dame of contemporary British cinema and an actress capable of elevating even the most predictable material.
Perhaps its biggest asset is the ability to allow its story of past sins to have so much contemporary resonance.
"Philomena" is a moving story that serves as a perfect vehicle for the incomparable Judi Dench.
[Steve] Coogan ... is a brilliant comedy performer who ought to be nowhere near a crowd-pleasing weepie in which a snob learns to have a heart.
Poignant testment to the integrity of the human spirit, capturing a guilt-riddled Irishwoman's eloquent faith in the essential goodness of people.
Dench and Coogan are the beating heart of Philomena, which despite a few storytelling flaws, ultimately presents a stirring and enjoyable moviegoing experience.
Smart, wrenching, deeply moving drama fine for older teens.
If not for the expertness of [the] actors, Philomena would be a sloggy journey indeed. Fortunately, Dench and Coogan are more than capable of turning water into wine.
A subtly told tale of tragedy and redemption, with much of the sentimental payoff you're expecting but several intriguing plot twists along the way.
The movie is overcalculating and occasionally coarse, but it has a gentle spirit. We should count its existence as a blessing.
Judi Dench gives a remarkably well-realized performance.
Coogan was raised Catholic and the hypocrisies and horrors of this story clearly hit him in the way they can only strike those who still remember weekly confession, fish on Fridays and kneeling, unquestioningly, at the altar rail.
Most of its pleasures come from the way it confounds expectations.
The film tap dances on all the right emotional buttons that will have audiences diving for the Kleenex, but it'll also make you laugh, and when at its absolute best will also fill you with justifiable outrage.
Matched recovery stories: How's that for human interest?
Stephen Frears, no stranger to stirring things up, seems restricted here, unable to make a clear and concise point
With ample blame to go around, a piece of fiction comes up short on facts.
Judi Dench brings the Irish-born Philomena to life with good humor and dignity. It's a wonderfully memorable performance by one of the acting world's greats.
Judi Dench's portrayal of a stubborn, kindhearted Irish Catholic trying to discover what became of the toddler she was forced to give up as a teenager is so quietly moving that it feels lit from within.
Dench is not the only reason to see this unapologetic crowd-pleaser, but she is the best one.
Star Steve Coogan and Jeff Pope have adapted Sixmith's book 'The Lost Child of Philomena Lee' as an odd couple road movie with flashbacks recalling Peter Mullen's 2002 Venice Film Festival winner "The Magdalene Sisters."
Philomena lets viewers spend time with its characters and get to know exactly who's getting hurt. It arrives at an inevitable destination, but the journey is what makes it moving.
A witless bore about a ninny and a jerk having one of those dire, heavily staged, only-in-movies odd-couple road trips.
My mom and her friends are going to adore Philomena.
The tale itself is painful, it's telling here, a delicious mix of sweet and sour.
The way these two talents connect - and strengthen Frears' tenuous tone - is enough to soften any cynic's heart.
A sober consideration of how ideals relate to institutions-whether they're religions or political parties-anchored by two well-rounded, funny lead performances.
It's Dench, showing how faith and hellraising can reside in the same woman, who makes Philomena moving and memorable.
Philomena is one of those movies that plasters a big smile on your face with its sense of warmth and the originality of its storytelling.
A cry-till-you-laugh-dramedy about seeking lost family and finding new purpose; Judi Dench and Steve Coogan are fantastic. Seriously, though: bring Kleenex.
The steady direction by Frears, coupled with the snappy and substantive dialogue, keeps the film grounded when even the truth becomes hard to believe.
Dench and Coogan's chemistry is undeniably great.
Philomena is an amazing story, movingly told, which skirts sentimentality and rings true.
If you're going to tell a heart-warming story about a sweet wronged little old lady,it helps to have a witty,cynical journalist along. Dench & Coogan create a perfect balance.
One of the most eloquent, powerful and perfect movies I have ever seen.
Watch both actors lean into characters seeking redemption; their clash is invigorating, with a mature payoff that has two minds meeting and getting further along.
This affecting, impressively intelligent drama follows one elderly woman's search for her biological son, who was sold without her permission five decades earlier to a rich woman who pets the boy as she might a cat.
"Philomena" eventually turns into a thoughtful treatise on the way the past has the power to dictate our actions and feelings in the present.
Standard issue little-old-lady tour de force for Oscar winner Judi Dench, but a delicious change of pace for cynical, snarky funnyman Steve Coogan.
A spiritual drama about the dynamics of faith, forgiveness, hope, and love; one of the Best Films of 2013 with an Academy Award caliber performance by Judi Dench.
A beauty: a detective story with heart and humor that can't help but provoke outrage - as well as admiration for the capacity for empathy by a woman who was deeply wronged.
Even if the film eventually forces a singular perspective on the material, the actors' chemistry absolves any number of narrative sins.
A human-interest story that claims spite for human-interest stories, the film has some pretty divisive issues at its core that leave it torn between contrasting approaches.
(The film's) central story of regret, love and forgiveness is strong, as are the cast members' performances, but the film could have been much stronger with a more nuanced script that doesn't veer so uneasily between comedy and drama, black and white.
Philomena's extraordinary compassion might make viewers want to reaffirm their faith rather than to run away from it. Like its central character, that's a calculated risk you'll have to take.
Dench is as poignantly controlled here as she was in Notes on a Scandal.
Based on a true story, this warm drama uses sharp humour to keep from tipping over into sloppy sentiment.
Why does it work quite so well? In part, it's the Dench effect.
It's a film that might have lapsed into melodrama but didn't, that could have laboured the story's various twists but doesn't, that sets out to show the human cost of a little known, ugly chapter in Irish history and does.
Judi Dench deals in levels of sadness that could draw tears from a boulder. Yet the film also manages to be one of the funniest odd-couple comedies in recent decades.
You'll laugh and you'll cry, sometimes both at the same time.
Superbly directed, powerfully emotional British drama with a witty, warm-hearted script and a pair of pitch-perfect performances from Judi Dench and Steve Coogan.
Stephen Frears' unfussy direction - and Coogan's splendid script - maintains a confident balance across many potential conflicts: between humour and pathos, religion and atheism, revenge and forgiveness.
What makes Philomena so winning is the sophisticated way in which it condemns the behaviour of the Catholic Church without denigrating people of faith - a delicate tightrope act that has given plenty of more high-minded films vertigo.
Dench is simply marvellous in the title role of this moving film, wringing it dry of every ounce of poignancy, and of comedy, too.
This is a doleful, radiant, understated comedy of hope and faith. That's almost a definition of good British cinema.
Judi Dench plays Philomena with great heart, perfectly capturing the indomitable spirit of a loveable Irish mama. So despite winning great acclaim playing Queen Elizabeth,Queen Victoria and M, Philomena feels like the part she was born to play.
A moving and exhilarating film, and the strange chemistry between Dench and Coogan ferments into a 120-degree proof emotional drama.
Odd-couple chemistry from Dench and Coogan, a smart script and honed direction make this real-life story highly compelling. Blending comedy and tragedy, it secretes a potent sting.
I didn't hate Philomena, but it's a little complacent about its power to touch a middlebrow audience.
A terrific, sophisticated comedy that tackles serious issues with a lightness of touch and a spirit of steel, Philomena is the British film to beat come BAFTA time.
Ultimately, this is a warm-hearted crowd-pleaser.
Frears directs events in his usual unfussy, unpretentious manner - letting the actors explore the scenes to the max.
"Philomena" is an odd, engaging mix of genres that we tend not to see coexisting in the same film.
We prepared ourselves for an emotional explosion-not for physical violence, but for that of a bursting heart-and yet, when the time came, that is not what happened. Frears put the pin back in the grenade, as it were.
Frears manages to get the tone just right. Even the most jaded of audiences will find it hard not to be moved by Philomena's quest for her missing son.
Frears, in fine form at 72, has proved himself a modest master at juggling the serious and the silly in such actors' showcases as The Queen and Tamara Drewe; and the script by Coogan and Jeff Pope, brims with bright dialogue.
Stephen Frears returns to top form in a touching, at times funny true story of grave injustice and a mother's search for closure.
Philomena is a real delight. Funny, moving, beautifully performed and directed with restraint and a wonderfully delicate touch.
A return to form for Stephen Frears in this amusing and inquisitive road movie.
A howl of anti-clerical outrage wrapped in a tea cozy, "Philomena" applies amusing banter and a sheen of good taste to the real-life quest of Philomena Lee.
Repeatedly chastises Sixsmith and his kind for packaging human tragedy ... the irony is that Frears' entertaining but thoroughly unchallenging film isn't doing anything remotely different.
A terrifically moving film that has a fitting earthbound feel to it as well as a barely suppressed anger at crimes inflicted on the powerless
Frears gives the story a slick makeover, blending melodrama and comedy with brisk professionalism and a hearty helping of schmaltz. But Dench and Coogan sell it well.
The film is one of the few capable of allowing its watchers to shed a tear and laugh within more or less the same sequence.
An ongoing, confounding delight of a film.
Frears' film breaks your heart and then repairs it.
It's certainly a crowd-pleaser...and something close to a triumph, if not an unqualified one.

@highlight

Based on a powerful true story and led by note-perfect performances from Judi Dench and Steve Coogan, Philomena offers a profoundly affecting drama for adult filmgoers of all ages.