...it lazily recycles all the same tired myths about Jim Morrison being "like an ancient shaman," and "A rock and roll poet, dangerous and highly intelligent," that we've been reading in solipsistic '60s holdovers like Rolling Stone for the last 50 years.
DiCillo's film veers perilously close to hagiography. To those not under the singer's spell, [Jim Morrison] totters precariously between the charismatic and the ludicrous.
While fans of The Doors probably already know the story, this exploration of Jim Morrison's life and career is fascinating nonetheless.
Not many fresh insights, but riding along with The Doors is still a good time, whether you buy into the Jim Morrison mythology or not.
Barely scratches the surface of the band's enduring appeal.
Documents the Doors in a fairly straightforward way, telling their story with remarkable detail but never quite getting beneath the surface.
What DiCillo has settled for is a famous person solemnly intoning a Wikipedia page. Strange doesn't begin to cover it.
As a first exposure to the history of The Doors I'd still recommend Oliver Stone's movie over this.
When You're Strange offers a worshipful but insightful portrait of the group...
This is a far better bet than Oliver Stone's ghastly Doors movie.
The portrait of social change in Sixties America is sketchy but the film effectively states the case for Morrison as a charismatic, complex figure who lived fast, died young and left a lasting legacy.
Refocuses some attention on the strange collection of individuals whose disparate musical influences made the band sound unique, if not always good.
The cumulative effect of this film is to enhance one's respect for The Doors (John Densmore, Robby Krieger and Ray Manzarek) and to diminish the same for Morrison, whose posturing now looks like the most fatuous exhibitionism.
Unlikely to light your fire, or anyone else's.
Director Tom DiCillo is relatively incurious about the bands' mundane professional and romantic lives, perhaps for fear of importing an injurious Spinal Tap irony. But his film material of Jim Morrison is sensational.
... the same stories and clichés of living hard and dying young
While the old adage says those who remember the '60s weren't really there, When You're Strange resurrects the spirit of the decade in a way that is at once intimate and universally familiar.
With dynamic sound throughout, great visual and auditory storytelling and plenty of rare footage, it is easy to see why Depp claims to be proud of this nostalgic yet relatable representation.
Those who will learn something from it can have no interest whatsoever in The Doors. This leaves its intended audience somewhat unclear.
This is a fan's film, with all the flaws that entails, but doubters might emerge converted.
Occasionally stirring yet strangely inessential, if you're not already a Doors fan, DiCello's film may fail to light your fire.
Essential for Doors fans, but enlightening to the uninitiated. A tantalising study of a troubled creator whose charisma still borders on the supernatural. Great music, too.
Tom DiCillo's Doors documentary is decently paced and packed with previously unseen archive footage but it never scratches beneath the surface and doesn't tell Doors fans anything they don't already know.
Who knew Krieger composed so many of the band's hits? Or that he picked up the electric guitar just six months before laying down his majestic tracks on the debut album?
A hypnotic journey through the world of The Doors that chronicles their meteoric rise and fall in memorable fashion, using original footage.
Fans, being fans, will appreciate the rare footage and the chance to hang with the band one more time. Unfortunately, there's very little by way of real revelation here.
The Doors weren't the embodiment of their time; they weren't even the most important rock act of their time. But When You're Strange shows why their music and iconography has lasted beyond their time.
Although Doors fans will drool over the prospect of the previously unseen footage, they are unlikely to find anything new here.
The vitality of crazed angel Jim Morrison is its driving force.
Filtered through the political and social upheaval of the time, which seems almost alien to today's world, the film is like a dispatch from another planet, or at least from a time so distant it feels like a dream.
DiCillo does such a good job exploring the band and illustrating what made them unique that he might just end up opening the ears of a few detractors.
Cops everywhere hated Jim Morrison. After seeing Tom DiCillo's witty, oblique documentary, you'll understand why.
No matter how much you know about The Doors, it's always a trip to see and to hear them, and this documentary has all the music, concert footage and shots of band camaraderie to warm a rock fan's heart.
When You're Strange wobbles in the transition from straightforward biography to op-ed with teeth. At times, the editor doesn't seem to know what to do with the uncovered footage, or there isn't enough to string it into a visual narrative.
Striking visuals are essential viewing for any rock 'n' roll historian, let alone a fan of the Doors, but Depp's narration portentously accents every possible cliché.
Given the amount of raw, rare footage presented here (a godsend for fans and undeniably arresting for others) and a curiously detached viewpoint not buttressed with the expected talking-head interviews, there's actually little else to compare this film to
[A] muddled, pretentious assemblage of film clips of the band shot between 1966 and 1971, with solemn narration by Johnny Depp.
Seeing Morrison blithely hang a lei over the neck of an obviously giddy young woman or watching as Manzarek patiently fields questions helps humanize a group of men all too often shrouded in the mists of legend.
Somewhat murky in terms of technical quality and of its central figure's chameleon more than Lizard King persona.
A sometimes insightful, sometimes absurdly devotional but steadily engaging film.
For a film that wants to make the case that The Doors--and more specifically Jim Morrison--are an essential part of rock history, When You're Strange is curiously inessential.
When You're Strange offers a mesmerizing, behind-the-music glimpse at a crucial and bizarre moment in rock history, and maybe in American cultural history, period.
When You're Strange is a remedial Doors class, taught by a professor who sounds as if he's doing voiceovers for car commercials.
Of little interest to anyone beyond hard-core Doors fans hungry for any previously unreleased film or audio content.
Writer/director Tom DiCillo goes a bit overboard with his rhetoric, describing Morrison as "like an ancient shaman." Johnny Depp's measured narration brings DiCillo's often worshipful words back to earth.
In hindsight (and on paper) it all seems old hat, but with savvy editing of intense footage, DiCillo puts us there, onstage, backstage, in the studio, and we're as intoxicated as Morrison's audience. Almost.
Unhappy with what Oliver Stone did to Jim Morrison and the Doors in his 1991 biopic? Here's the doc for you.
DiCillo approaches this nonfiction project with the glazed eyes of a true fan. He has the participation of surviving band members and a lot of rare, mesmerizing footage at his disposal ... What he doesn't have is critical distance or anything new to say.
Director Tom DiCillo does his damnedest to make his documentary about The Doors unwatchable, but the subject matter is too compelling -- and the vintage footage too electrifying -- to be completely worthless.
A formal exercise in redundancy, offering no new insights into the much mythologized rock band.
Never gets past the standard mythology of the band codified by Oliver Stone's 1991 biopic
A fascinating documentary about the amazing rollercoaster ride of Jim Morrison and the Doors who tried to break on through to the other side.
It's uselessly romantic and infuriatingly revisionist. Ironically, When You're Strange contains DiCillo's best filmmaking.
The movie is stitched together with a narration, spoken by Johnny Depp, that sounds like a highly enlightened Wikipedia entry. Yet DiCillo knows what made this band great.
If you're a Doors fan, your inner Jim Morrison will be stoked by the vast archival footage in When You're Strange. Be warned, however: this documentary doesn't open any new doors, and, worse, it's negligent in its history.
Like so many Doors chroniclers, DiCillo can't help but fall under the singer's spell; it's understandable, but frustrating.
For a couple of years, Morrison was the best act in American show business. And the best thing about it: It wasn't an act.
If there's anything the world surely doesn't need it's one more admiring regurgitation of the Jim Morrison mythos.
My eyes were like saucers at the sight of Jim Morrison in all his splendor in never-before-seen 35mm outtakes from the 1969 experimental short film HWY.
If you were a fan of the Doors, you won't miss When You're Strange. And if you weren't a fan, well, you will be by the end of this compelling and involving documentary.
There are some ragged moments of fuzzy focus in the structure of When You're Strange but the copious list of original Doors songs are a treat for an old hippy like me.
Self-destruction and tight leather pants have seldom been depicted in such a loving manner.
Writer/director Tom DiCillo takes a dip into documentary to tell us just what The Doors mean to him in a project that's the film equivalent of a fanzine...
Chronicles the rise and demise of The Doors, with a pitch perfect Johnny Depp narrating iconic rocker Jim Morrison's mesmerizing story.
Primo footage of recording sessions, concert perfs and various backstage trips is ubiquitous--and sadly squandered--amid wall-to-wall voiceover narration that is punishingly banal when not factually sketchy or flat-out false.
Tom DiCillo proves he has a keen eye for editing. When it comes to narration, however, he falls woefully short.
Yank the narration straight out of the movie, telling the story in only songs and pictures, and When You're Strange would be a much better film.
The mystery of Jim Morrison's early death has at last been solved: he died so he wouldn't have to watch Tom DiCillo's tedious, reductive and factually erratic version of the story of his life.


@highlight

It's far from a critical assessment of the band's music or its legacy, but When You're Strange gives fans a beautifully filmed, lovingly assembled tribute to the Doors.