Lucky Number Slevin is a very clever film, probably too clever for its own good.
Elaborately hollow tough-guy arabesque
It's the pace of the film that wins the day.
McGuigan has such a stylish eye that, even if you never quite care what's happening, you'll always be visually entertained.
With its diabolical ending, this is the movie equivalent of a crossword puzzle: fun, clever, and disposable.
Essentially a crime noir thriller with a twist, Paul McGuigan's film is showy and sharp, whose witty dialogue is delivered with a shrug
One of the underappreciated gems of the 2006 movie season.
Tarantino's films work because there is usually some moral code at work, however fallen it might be. By comparison, Slevin is an unsettling exercise in amorality.
Lucky Number Slevin moves along nicely, and it's easy to get caught up in all that style. But style and cheap tricks are two different things.
Don't think too hard when seeing this movie because you'll spoil the surprises.
A gaseous movie experience gets a solid DVD treatment.
In the end, Lucky Number Slevin is like that guy you knew in high school who seemed cool and interesting until he opened his mouth.
Only Lucy Liu's insanely perky neighbour emerges with any real credit.
... those of us who take our cup of comedy black, with no sugar, will savor it.
Time thinking "Slevin" must have been some kind of typo: 110 minutes.
Paul McGuigan directs with the skill of a light-fingered juggler.
It shrinks your perception of what movies can do.
There are a few genuine surprises, but not enough to cover over the fact that the biggest reveal of all was plainly obvious in the first 10 minutes.
Lucky Number Slevin starts off as entertaining original but comes up empty at the end.
...one can't help but wonder if the movie would've worked better had some of the twists been revealed at the outset...
What style--and what a lack of substance.
It's the hipster you try to ignore at the party, knowing he's got one good story but will keep talking until you agree he's cooler and smarter than you.
Everything in it -- every confusion, every line of unspeakable dialogue, every red herring, every camera setup -- has been borrowed from some movie you've seen before.
Just when you are ready to dismiss the flick as a blood-soaked semi-black comedy that isn't funny enough, the plot takes a fascinating twist that ups the ante considerably.
Screenwriting 101 professors likely would hand Lucky Number Slevin back to scripter Jason Smilovic with the helpful critique "Too much Tarantino" scribbled in red ink across the top of the cover sheet.
A thriller with as many twists and turns as a mountain roadway but occasional low clouds that obscure the journey.
Competently made, but we've seen it before and the message is morally muddy
Technically perfect but wholly uninteresting...
They say it's better to be lucky than good, but this nickel-and-dime Quentin Tarantino imitation is neither.
Here's a decent "whodunit"-type of gritty, grownups-only flick that those who enjoy the likes of "Sin City" and "Kiss Kiss Bang Bang" won't want to miss.
It finally all makes sense after a fashion, and I think and hope that you will be entertained by all the narrative legerdemain.
Enjoyable enough, but its major distinction is more its too calculated oddness than anything else.
I have to say this for 'Lucky Number Slevin': It accomplishes nothing with extraordinary aplomb.
...range-challenged Josh Hartnett mutters and smiles his way through what could have been a complicated, intriguing, albeit cold-bloodedly violent, thriller.
It's a silly movie, but in a good way...
funny and smart
A miserable mess that plays like a third-rate David Mamet, with dialog as overcooked as English vegetables.
I think it was entertaining as heck.
A bloodied ledger and brutal gangster on the prowl opens this clever and stylish film and we are queued that whatever the outcome, this is going to be a thriller with a fresh visual approach.
A starkly beautiful film, the direction not merely elevating the plot but transcending it to the point where it is hardly even important. I could sit and watch this movie on a 24-hour loop.
A twisty and stylish but disposable thriller that leads nowhere with its inflated plot.
An entertaining thriller that falls short of being clever, but makes up for it with style and interesting characters.
Savor the surprises.
worth a look for its refreshing qualities
Despite the title of the movie he lives in, Slevin (Josh Hartnett) is only partly lucky.
The fist half hour of this film is so promising that I'm almost willing to ignore the mess that follows. Almost.
The more you let the niggling questions go, the better Lucky Number Slevin gets.
A witty little lark about a boy completing his Oedipal split--and falling in love in the process.
Lucky Number Slevin is a pretty decent update and knockoff of North By Northwest before it finally goes south.
It tries hard. Too hard.
The film, directed by Paul McGuigan, is in the hip, purposefully convoluted style of titles from the Quentin Tarantino school of filmmaking.
Lucky Number Slevin entertains but fails to make a lasting impact.
Not as clever as it thinks, a little too clever for its own good, it's a fun ride, nonetheless.
Lucky Number Slevin feels exhausted -- like a movie that somehow got lost in time and arrived six years too late.
Lucky Number Slevin is one smart, slick, and engaging thriller.
Smilovic's rapid-fire, Tarantino-esque dialogue is consistently razor-sharp, and the elaborate set design -- which leans heavily towards shiny, riotously patterned wallpaper -- is an eyeball-jangling blast.
It's self-consciously clever in a not-very-clever way, a puzzle only its creator finds puzzling. It's fun to listen to, not to follow or watch.
They almost got it really right with Lucky Number Slevin, but they also almost got it horribly wrong.
Some movies are too smart for their own good. Lucky Number Slevin only thinks it is.
This crafty indie with a big-budget cast goes from a seemingly paint-by-numbers noirish comic thriller to something entirely more genre-bending. Definitely a ride worth taking.
A smug, deliberately convoluted mix tape of Tarantino, the Coen brothers, Guy Ritchie and Hitchcock with (mostly) a cast to die for, Lucky Number Slevin is great fun for, say, 20 minutes.
The movie is all clever gotchas and hoodwinks, without any substance to go along with them.
The only winners are the stars, who have fattened their bank accounts, and Tarantino, who again looks like a genius by comparison.
All smugness and blase violence, this mistaken-identity/caper film plays like a joke everybody in the movie is in on -- which, of course, it is.
Not possesing any of the flair or subtle characterization of Tarantino, Lucky Number Slevin is a frustrating and grim piece of hollow trickery.
Like the recent Kiss Kiss, Bang Bang, Slevin is a real-world crime tale with no grip on reality, just an obsession for gimmicky movie-brat fantasy. Believable, it's not.
With its curlicue plot, consummate cast and crackerjack dialogue, Lucky Number Slevin is the sharpest bang-bang flick of the year so far.
This revenge-thriller is ridiculously overplotted, with delusions of Tarantino glibness. It's also a little too pleased with itself; the filmmakers obviously think it's smarter and more clever than it actually is.
Lucky Number Slevin provides the kind of enjoyment you get from watching a skilled tap dancer ply his trade on a highly polished surface. Style trumps substance.
With so many players in this shell game, a viewer could get paranoid. That's the idea.
Lucky Number Slevin smacks of so much smugness that you want to go up to the screen and slap it.
The direction is stylishly meaningless and showy, the dialogue obscure.
The film has no more depth than the M.C. Escher-esque wallpaper that turns each room into a busy sort of moire cage.
It's the type of movie where nothing is as it appears, and even when it's all sorted out it's completely unsatisfying.
Lucky Number Slevin, boosted as it is by a serious A-list ensemble cast and a heavy dose of intrigue, crosses the unfortunate line between clever and pretentious, rendering itself tiresome long before its heavily built-up denouement.
It feels more like a series of bits rather than a coherent narrative, and director Paul McGuigan paces it this way; you never feel as if the entire movie has coalesced, though many of the individual parts are a lot of fun.
Eventually, having gone along for the ride, we feel taken for a ride.
Jason Smilovic's screenplay for Paul McGuigan's Lucky Number Slevin would be too clever for its own good if it weren't so ... darn clever.
If Lucky Number Slevin was as good as it is clever, we'd be talking four stars here.
Lucky Number Slevin definitely gives the old cerebrum a jolt, but it's more of a steroid shot than a real gray-matter workout.
Bottom line, this is thoroughly entertaining. This is the best role of Hartnett's career and he doesn't disappoint.
But it is fun, and for those looking for a mid-afternoon matinee cinematic snack filled with witty dialogue and crisp performances Slevin really might be the luckiest number of them all.
Cleverly written, stylized to within an inch of its life and ultimately forgettable.
In real life, that towel would drop as Slevin waltzes around New York. The fact that it doesn't is the first clue that we are being treated to some blatant, playful artifice.
Little more than a clever puzzle: though the pieces ultimately fit together, when fully revealed the picture proves less than meets the eye.
Fans will compare it to Pulp Fiction or The Usual Suspects, but it's more like one of their knockoffs, glib enough to be diverting and nothing more.
What at first appears to be heading into Quentin Tarantino or Guy Ritchie turf steadily finds its own violent voice
Tarantinoid...the machinations are all familiar enough that your unoccupied brain may drift off to wonder how Hartnett's made a career out of bad haircuts.
It's a wild ride with great bad guys and super cool good guys, an action-comedy-thriller that will keep you guessing and keep you entertained. You'll be the lucky one if you check this out.
[A] crime melodrama with more twists and turns in it then a dish of noodles... It's not quite The Usual Suspects or House of Games, but then what is?
This good-natured noir is terrifically amusing and likable for the first hour.
Flipping back and forth between jokey slapstick and flat-out brutality, 'Slevin' is determined to keep its audience on edge and, for the most part, it succeeds.
This might be the worst titled movie ever, but rest assured - it's a very entertaining motion picture.
Slevin feels like a lackluster writing sample that somehow bumbled its way into a feature film production.
it all feels a bit too forced
A movie recycled from too many previous movies.
Forgets the richness of these characters and concentrates on unveiling a series of cheap twists.
There's more style than substance here, but the style takes us pretty far, with some wicked wisecracks, some nicely twisty plot turns, and some very twisted characters.
'Slevin' romps through bloody Tarantino territory
... a fun but bloodless pastiche, at least where it counts.
Our curiosity about the answer to the question 'What's a nice kid like you doing in a joint like this?' may be the only thing that keeps us watching.
If you're missing Tarantino this year, then Slevin just might be your lucky number.
It's not that hyper-violent movies are axiomatically a bad thing, it's just that this particular example is so laden with shootings that it becomes somehow tedious.
This pop-culture-infused mistaken-identity thriller ultimately grabs hold and beguiles, though its convoluted plot takes a while to get going.
Lucky Number Slevin is an odd but tasty duck.
It took me all of 10 minutes to decide I hated it.
This star-studded jigsaw puzzle of revenge and mistaken identity thinks it's terribly smart, although it amounts to an empty, self-satisfied imitation of Pulp Fiction.
It's the worst kind of con: It tells us it's a con, so we don't even have the consolation of being led down the garden path. The rug of reality is jerked out from under us in the opening scenes, and before long the floor is being dismantled.
Hartnett has been stuck in the young-adult heartthrob mode for some time now, but this comic thriller may launch him into meatier fare.
[Hartnett's] austere performance lacks urgency and emotion.
It's all so smart and entertaining that, when it was over, I immediately wanted to see it again.
It doesn't reinvent the wheel, but it does slather it with some enticing new gloss. For the moment, that's quite enough.
Even when it's being too clever by half, Lucky Number Slevin racks up twice as many style points as any other film so far this year.
Lucky Number Slevin is one of those movies where, with every knock on the door, you expect whoever answers to get either punched in the nose or shot in the face.
Lucky Number Slevin is an ingenious maze that viewers will enjoy getting lost in. It's in the rare category of movies I immediately wanted to see again.
There's a difference between being caught up in the unpredictable mood swings of an original vision, and watching until the end to see how all the kinks are straightened out.
[McGuigan] uses a 20-gallon Hefty bag of other moviemakers' tricks on the ridiculous reverse-constructed revenger script by Jason Smilovic.
This fun but ultimately disappointing mistaken-identity thriller has style galore, which may actually be the crux of its problem.
[The film] sometimes sidles toward pretension but never succumbs to it.
Oh, it can be clever -- in the way a precocious kid can be clever. But, like said kid, after a while, you just want it to stop.
The talk is witty, the twists are ingenious, the look and the mood are drop-dead.
Another drearily sadistic and pointless crime thriller from the excessively in-demand Scottish technician Paul McGuigan.
...so pleased with its own cleverness that an audience isn't even necessary.
Hartnett would seem hard-pressed to carry a basket of laundry, let alone carry a motion picture.
Even if the dialogue is too glib for the dark and ruthless heroes, a great cast and edgy story keep this thriller moving to the very end.
If a movie lover died and took the red-eye to film-noir heaven, "Lucky Number Slevin" could be the in-flight film.
The Tarantino school of filmmaking reaches its nadir -- one hopes -- in this initially promising mistaken-identity caper, which ends up cooking its own goose through a devotion to glibness.
For some viewers, Lucky Number Slevin may prove, not merely too clever by half, but also too "stylish" by three-quarters.
What's ultimately missing from Slevin is not only mystery and humor, but any trace of inventiveness to counteract the overriding triteness of its Pulp Fiction-ish shenanigans.
For all its game invention, is less Pulp Fiction than an Elmore Leonard knockoff crossed with Deathtrap: a thriller that holds less interest -- and less water -- the more it reveals about what's actually going on.
Slick and stylized, it's a convoluted crime plot that's stretched to pretentious extremes.
...a funky crime picture loaded with slick dialogue, lots of bloody killings and a slew of oddly named characters...
A smug, derivative, but frequently witty crime cartoon.
Satisfying, stylized pulp.
As twisty thrillers of the genre go, this one is more than passable. Overanalyzation can spoil the fun -- this is the kind of movie with which it's best to go with the flow.
I keep seeing films in which A-grade actors fill not just the top slots but some of the lesser roles, too, only to find themselves squashed by a script, or by a weight of contrivance, that would be lucky to bring home a C-plus.
Like its title (will there be a worse one this year?), Lucky Number Slevin isn't as clever as it thinks it is.
Josh Hartnett ("Sin City") indulges in a snappy tongue-in-cheek puzzle of a thriller that's akin to eating ten flavors of ice cream at once.
A crime puzzle that pulls the wool over your eyes with cast talent and a peppy style you'll love... if you don't mind a slashed carotid or two.
The convoluted ain't-I-clever script by Jason Smilovic has a cheat ending that makes you want to do a little torturing yourself.
Long delay before the film starts to roll. And, though clever, no one delivers in the acting department with any depth (aside from Ben).
Reveals a screenwriter who can write snappy one-liners and fill conversations with pop-culture references, but has yet to master story structure.
Like its leading man, this movie presents a charming façade with nothing much underneath.
Slick, stylish and enjoyably disorienting, this is one of those crime thrillers that feels a lot more complicated than it actually is, simply because the filmmakers withhold key information from us at every turn.
An enjoyable thriller with strong cult potential, due to its offbeat performances and its witty, quotable script.
Why, oh why, should we give a stuff? I'm not sure.
McGuigan has created a great looking movie.
The flick is made from good parts, but doesn't feel as light on its feet as it should.
No matter how badly the movie cons you, you must admit that the film is stylish as hell with sharp dialogue, a tongue-in-cheek plot and visual and editing razzle-dazzle.
This mistaken-identity thriller delights in narrative complication and Tarantino-esque self-awareness; it's when the labyrinthine plot starts to make sense, ironically, that the pervasive shallowness becomes a liability.





@highlight

Trying too hard to be clever in a Pulp Fiction kind of way, this film succumbs to a convoluted plot, overly stylized characters, and dizzying set design.