A deliberately stagy rumination on the price of revenge.
...an uneven yet engrossing drama that benefits substantially from the efforts of its unusually impressive roster of performers.
I can't help thinking it's a waste of talent.
It boasts a crackerjack cast and a richly dense script, and scenes of inspired fantasy and hallucinatory nightmarish power.
As an exercise in gender de-construction it's a crude bit of irony.
A verbose exercise in profanity that wastes the talent of a bunch of fine actors who sit around and discuss how best to restore the bruised ego of one of their hardened gang.
This talky crime drama is a searing examination of masculinity and misogyny that is littered with rampant profanity and lashings of humour.
The title suggests an exploration of the macho notion of masculinity, and while the theme filters through, it is less than satisfying; the film also lacks layers, making it a one-note movie with the odd flash of wit
Filled with actorly weight, this top-heavy film needs a back brace
A smashingly acted but dramatically thin expose of men behaving badly that isn't nearly as revelatory as it seems to think it is.
After a while you can see why the wayward wife moved on to fresher prospects. Our man Ray is all talk, no bloody action.
Writers Louis Mellis and David Scinto seem to have been hoping for something along the lines of those Quentin Tarantino scenes where thugs kvetch about pop music and cinnamon buns, but the 44 Inch dialogue is not as clever as Tarantino's...
With violence on the menu, it's a guilty pleasure to watch these stage-trained hambones unleash a rapid-fire roundelay of righteous indignation.
The frequently profane dialogue suggests David Mamet on an off-night (so does Malcolm Venville's claustrophobia-inducing direction), though the first-rate cast works hard.
Ninety-four minutes of stagey locker-room philosophizing. Sets a record for use of the word "cunt." Each of the characters exemplifies a different stereotype of male behavior, none of them very interesting.
Every now and then there are perfect moments in cinema. The opening of 44 Inch Chest is one of them.
Venville keeps the camera back and the images wet, brown, and moldy while the characters scowl and spew vitriol at their foe, allowing us to see how they have nothing behind them.
It's an interesting spectacle, but not enough to carry a movie.
The whole thing feels like middle-period Mamet with English accents, and not much to say.
Is this a documentary about a porn professional? Or a gym rat? Neither. It's a stagy, half-entertaining, half-tedious acting competition between five excellent Englishmen.
The talented actors have great fun with the chewy, clever, self-congratulatory dialogue, but it's less enjoyable for the audience, which gets suffocated by the talk, talk, talk.
...an exploration of the meaning of love amidst a lot of macho posturing that features a great cast and great dialogue undone by staginess, clunky fantasy elements and a weak conclusion.
I just felt like it was not going anywhere after a while and I did feel like I was trapped in a play that wasn't really working for me.
44 Inch Chest puts the spectrum of the male ego on brutally efficient display.
Boasts solid performances and some wickedly funny dialogue, but it's often tedious, underwhelming and fails to pack any real punches.
Little more than some amusing dialogue and a big That's it? once the credits roll.
All moody buildup and no -- I mean no -- real suspense.
Think of 44 Inch Chest as a piece of chamber music and you can compensate for the thinness of its story and the lack of visual distinction.
It's an actors' film, as they say -- which is not the same thing as an audience film.
Even a great British cast and obscenity-laden gangland dialogue aren't enough to make what amounts to an extended acting exercise into much of a movie.
It's sometimes difficult to discern whether the filmmakers are dissecting male bonding, ritualized aggression and sexual anxiety or celebrating it.
The cast to die for is almost entirely wasted in this machismo-marinated slab of Brit-crime nastiness.
...first time helmer Malcolm Venville lacks the directing chops to make better use of his terrific cast. 44 Inch Chest is more a calling card than a debut.
If you value your I.Q., avoid a horror called 44 Inch Chest like V.D.
This limp psychodrama proves woefully short on character development or narrative structure.
A very strange, often terrible affair that is nevertheless mesmerizing, in a limited way.
The effect is to clobber you with lines that were already clobbersome and needed no extra emphasis. It starts to feel less like a thriller than an actors' workshop.
While not wholly unrealistic, it is so untenable as to put off all but the slightly sympathetic.
It looks and feels like a contrived stage play, and a fundamental lack of credibility in the premise makes it difficult to care about anything that happens.
The problem isn't that it consists of five men sitting around and talking. The problem is that it consists of one man sitting down and having a think.
I'm glad I saw [the film] and it's worth it for fans of this sort of thing, but there's a definite hint of been-there-done-that that mars an otherwise impressive experience.
There's a difference between exposing misogyny and crassly exploiting it.
When faced with his wife's infidelity, Colin (Ray Winstone) enlists his gang of aging pub-crawlers to kidnap, torture and (possibly) kill her younger lover. 44 Inch Chest takes the typical British gangster film and turns it into a David Mamet-ish c
...this is a thought provoking bit of cinema, as long as you know what you are getting into.
A great evening at the theatre, maybe. It has enough straight to-camera emotion and anecdote to provide clips for a wealth of acting awards nominations, but too rarely feels like a movie.
Aiming for black comedy and a redemptive satire on self-deluding male machismo, ham fisted debut director Malcolm Venville instead gives his cast enough rope to hang themselves rather than the characters they play.
44 Inch Chest is an actor's movie, a chamber piece that spends most of its time in one room, where much is said and little done. It feels like a violent film, although hardly any violence is seen, rather, violence is endlessly discussed.
Without a crack cast, attempting to pull off a film with such a static, contemplative plot would have been impossible. They succeed, just about, but at times it feels like a dangerous game.
It talks the talk - in fact, it talks and talks and talks the talk. But the walk isn't happening.
Hard as Winstone visibly tries, he can't stop them stealing the movie, a plum actors' piece which both gains and loses points by soberly stalling its own plot. A thoughtful anticlimax is ... well, still an anticlimax.
Malcolm Venville's intriguing and entertaining debut manages to question without patronising. And he's extracted a magnificent performance from Winstone who personifies the anatomy of a breakdown, swaying seamlessly from hurt to anger to violence.
At times Venville struggles to hold that thought, but his approach is also refreshingly straightforward (focusing on the actors rather than camera tricks) and he creates such a sweatbox atmosphere you can almost smell the pheromones.
Winstone's portrait of self-pity and snivelling rage is the centrepiece, but McShane and Hurt bring plenty of scene-stealing relief while Dillane and Wilkinson effortlessly cover the middle ground.
This arthouse gangster oddity could have set the West End alight - particularly with this Best of British cast, all full of the requisite sound and fury - but it struggles manfully on the big screen.
The plot does feel sketchy and drawn-out at times, but overall, this film packs a punch.
The set-up's better than OK, but the black comedy premise never develops into anything remotely interesting. The piece staggers along like a third-rate fringe play, with increasingly pointless fantasy sequences.
Winstone is in typically ferocious form, alternating between a heartbroken husk and a snorting bull, while Hurt spews foul language through a set of ill-fitting false teeth. Not terrible then, but not sexy - and certainly no beast.
Winstone is at his best here, especially when spitting expletives. And watching Hurt's vile old geezer Peanut is like seeing Steptoe reborn.
Welcome to the new sub-genre: neo-gangsterism. Think of neoclassicism or neo-Nazism, then think of them both combined.
A brooding Pinteresque menace hangs over this chamber-piece of London lowlife, though any expectation of Louis Mellis and David Scinto's screenplay duplicating the thrills of their previous effort, Sexy Beast, is to be frustrated.
Monologues float and sting like a Muhammad Ali punch, words are like weapons, expletives are strung together with such ferocious precision that they sound like poetry. Shame the plot is virtually non-existent and the ultimate effect is tiresome.
A stilted, yet-another-British-gangster thriller - a remarkable disappointment given its pukka cast.
Distinctive as it is, there's not much in the end that remains in the memory except the performances. And there ought to be more.
An impressive roller-coaster of emotional manipulation that grabs you by the soft bits, leads you and doesn't show signs of ever letting go.
With its limited setting, contained cast and existential plot, this feels more like a play than a film. So while it's well-acted by a first-rate cast, it also feels somewhat indulgent and oddly unsatisfying.
Despite a set-up dripping with more menace than Shere Khan in the shower, this is not the ultra-violent gangster romp it looks like. What unfolds is a riveting character piece.
A slow, measured character study about nothing more than a man whose ego has taken a knocking and simply can't take it.
Despite a committed, nakedly emotional performance from Winstone and some juicy turns from Hurt, McShane and Dillane in particular, it makes for pretty tedious stuff.
Malcolm Venville, in an assured directorial debut, builds suspense with steady effectiveness.
There is an inherent degree of likability to a project like this, given the actors involved, but 44 INCH CHEST never transcends that to be greater than the sum of its cast.
survives mostly on the ease with which these performers can now handle these characters
[An] often sharp, nasty exposé of masculinity.
A salt-stained, merrily profane plunge into the abyssal depths of jealousy and confusion. It's a razor-sharp bear trap of a movie, but I suppose it's to be expected from the slang-lovin', tongue-chewin' Sexy Beast duo.
Terrific cast enlivens this theatrical production that channels the sensibility of the late, great Dennis Potter. Prepare for a fusillade of a four-letter word that still shocks Americans.
Worth seeing for the superb performances from its terrific cast and some enjoyably off-the-wall moments but it's also extremely stagey and never quite comes together.
The film seems to be ... taking itself with an unearned degree of seriousness. What keeps it watchable are the more comic performances from Hurt and McShane.
The movie is a bit of a parlor game where being introduced to the guests is the object of play. When the guests are of the caliber of Dillane, Hurt, McShane, Wilkinson, and Winstone, you simply cannot go wrong.
For all its dialogue and relative lack of action, "44 Inch Chest" is lively and vibrant, no doubt due to the pitch-perfect performances. The movie relies on substance over style and flash, and manages to impress all the same.
The interminable macho bluster overwhelms the senses and makes for a dull time at the movies.
Could easily elicit accusations of misogyny -- especially given its percussive, unrelenting but eminently realistic use of the C-word -- but it's actually, at its best, an acute, unblinking portrait of misogyny in practice, not a misogynistic text itself.



@highlight

An actor's movie with a strong cast, 44 Inch Chest can't quite redeem its static plotting and tonal shifts.