Amiably retro in its icky shock value, this love story with an alien twist is often so funny it's scary.
Derivative, glib, throwaway, and thoroughly entertaining. A knowing genre movie aimed at fans of Tremors or Lake Placid.
Done with a knowing wink and a nod, Slither doesn't offer much in the way of scares, but makes up for it in laughs and decent banter and a number of well executed gross out moments.
An underappreciated gem that horror fans would appreciate.
Zombies, aliens, comedy, gore, what more can you ask for?
[A] pleasing B-level gore fest.
If there were still drive-in cinemas around, "Slither" would be a perfect B horror movie to sit in your car and watch to the sound of shrieks and one-liner jokes blasting around a hilly parking lot from so many tiny speakers.
It wows us with the expertise way Gunn has in how he handles the creepy hokum and keeps a good balance between the chills and the laughs.
Gunn makes this horror-com his own.
Gunn's film is masses of nostalgic fun if you grew up with body horror of the 1980s. And just plain gross fun if you didn't.
Gross-out horror comedy is my least favorite genre, but this movie's so skillful I have to take my hat off to it.
Slither is a monster movie with a wry smile on its face, where (thankfully) the gruesome effects, rather than the humour, tend towards full on gross out.
Slither is over-the-top, gross, funny, bizarre and totally weird. In other words, it might be just what you're looking for this weekend.
A pretty fun movie that makes good on laughs and gory gross-outs.
Unlike the current concept of over the top bloodletting that thinks the sequence is more important than the sluice, this inspired auteur gets his groovy grue just right.
Passatempo descartável que não funciona sequer como comédia, sátira ou homenagem às ficções B.
Here's a review that not only benefits from, but requires, words like giant squid, festering blob and tummy tentacles.
It's refreshing to see a movie like Slither, which has obviously been made by someone with a deep affection for the glory gory days of American horror comedy.
A monstrously funny alien-invasion-zombie-horror-comedy.
There's enough material in that scene for a whole conference of psychologists, but I couldn't stop to figure it all out. I was too busy laughing.
Slither is an honourable amalgamation of several dozen spookers of days gone by.
The film brought me little pleasure, but it revived happy memories of a laidback caper movie also called Slither, starring Peter Boyle and James Caan, made in 1973.
It was a great combination of a monster/alien/zombie movie and it did in fact elicit a few laugh out loud moments, but overall I thought it was just ok.
Slither is an absolute treat.
This rip-roaring horror romp combines alien and zombie genres in a way that's both exciting and hilarious, stirring in a lively, nonstop narrative with complex characters and excessive gore.
Of course, Slither isn't for everyone, but if you've a yen for gallons of grue and a smart, sassy story to boot, you couldn't do better than Gunn's hellishly fun horror show.
I found myself on the edge of my seat a few times.
Undeniably funny and gooey to boot, Slither may not be groundbreaking but it is a rarity: a horror-comedy that does both its genre-parents proud.
gave me the most genuine laugh-out-loud moments of any movie so far this year
If you're a fan of 1950s monster movies and films such as Tremors and Eight Legged Freaks then Slither has your name splattered all over it in brightly coloured goo.
...the epitome of hokey B-movie horror hedonism...a demonstrative deadpan horror show that blends observational sensationalism with rousing popcorn-oriented panache.
Inspired by 50s invasion B-movies and Troma films, Slither elicits a fine balance of laughs and armrest-grabbing moments.
... More comedy than horror, though on some level it is a satisfying entry in both genres.
Never lets up, throwing the blood, slime and one-liners (some woeful, most of them witty) at the screen with feverish abandon.
You know that kid in school who would eat anything just for the fun of grossing people out? Well, Slither is the movie equivalent of that kid.
Slither is as much fun as EC Comics on nitrous oxide.
...the lack of character development and distinctly uneven pacing prevents it from becoming as much fun as Gunn clearly wants it to be.
The gonzo, gore-oriented Troma spirit is clearly evident in this over-the-top splatter-comedy about sluglike thingies from outer space.
Gunn respects not only the genre but the audience; he grounds both the jokes and the shocks in his characters and situations, making this the most satisfying studio release since 'The Ice Harvest.'
The movie, while a little too slow to be effective, achieves a good balance of chills, gross-out gore and humorous one-liners.
Is that really Elizabeth Banks co-starring in this junk, or is it a look-alike pod with Paris Hilton's brain?
A film as derivative as this shouldn't be nearly as funny as it is, but there you have it.
Not gross or campy enough to be fun
The only substance you'll find here is the slimy, gooey type (and a healthy appreciation for the genre as a whole).
Makes for a welcome respite from the trend that increasingly mistakes torture and sadism for horror.
A story of how the pods comprising the cult of neo-cons aren't shambling anymore. Now they've got teeth, and a real desperate taste for meat.
Goofy, blood-and-guts tained comedy/horror that inevitably evokes feelings of repugnance and disgust.
Slither is an absurdly funny, creepy-gross sci-fi/horror hybrid that is bulging at the seams with references to horror movies new and old, serious and campy, profound and forgettable.
In this well-made, well-acted, and funny sci-fi horror hybrid, wet alien flesh glistens and pulsates, penis-like organs strain to plunge into the flesh of unwilling victims...
Satisfies that bizarre craving for gags that make you gag.
Gunn's created a gross-out spectacular that's a vomit-dropping winner, and based on this I can't wait to see what monstrosity the young man decides to craft next.
a winner because it embraces the fact that this is just silly, B-movie fun.
De la pure série B, très amusante.
I'm zombied out.
Hey, remember "Tremors?" If you do, and you smile at the thought of this comic horror flick, then wriggle on out to "Slither," an adults-only gorefest for those of us with a sense of humor about our flesh-eating zombies.
There have only been a handful of horror comedies that actually worked. Tremors and Shaun of the Dead are probably the best of the genre. Slither can definitely join their ranks.
ultimately oozes out of control in its gooey climax...but even then Gunn lobs one hugely funny sexual metaphor our way and Nathan Fillion's got the comic timing to punch the joke.
A close encounter of the brain-infesting kind... it goes for campy, fun, B-movie entertainment. And it succeeds.
A horror pic that finds neither humor nor scares in its quest for originality.
Slither is sick and twisted, slimy and gory, and yeah, it's also quite funny. I loved it, and so will you.
[A] delightfully disgusting comic horror film.
Slither's deadpan wit has its price -- it's hard to be scared by something this riotously entertaining. But for a piece of slimy horror this tasty, you should leave a little wiggle room.
Takes a stylish, back-to-basics approach to the material and doesn't hesitate to throw everything in but the kitchen sink.
Cloying smart, gleefully mischievous and resplendently, stupendously gross.
If you're the type who appreciates the half-scary, half-silly comic book-y approach of titles like Gremlins, Tremors, and Eight Legged Freaks, I'd bet you $9.50 and a small popcorn that you'll enjoy Slither.
Finally, we have a horror film that recaptures the schlocky spirit of the '80s
Gunn's directorial debut pays homage to so many classics with ample enough wit that most viewers won't care that Slither doesn't offer much originality of its own.
I didn't have a date by my side, but I know a Bruised Forearm Movie when I see one, and I'm happy to report that Slither is the genuine article.
Actually makes good on the 'horror comedy' label by being both flat-out creepy and darkly funny.
The problem with making a smart horror parody -- and James Gunn's Slither is a smart horror parody -- is that it's kind of like doing a virtuoso performance of 'My Way.' The skill of execution tends to be eclipsed by the tedium of the material.
There's something winning about this grab bag of orally fixated invertebrates and mucus-covered Noids.
Slither is a movie only true horror buffs can love. Its greatest strength is that it never aspires to be anything more than it is: 96 minutes of good laughs and retro-splatter.
Slither is a labor of love made by a horror aficionado who knows just when to tweak the tropes.
Tongue-in-cheek yet seriously disgusting, this zombie film isn't perfect. But it is memorable, which can't be said for most of today's assembly-line horror films.
Slither is silly, it's slimy (especially the CGI leeches), and it's awfully derivative, but it's undeniably funny. Bring on the alien invasion.
Like Tremors, only ickier, Slither is a tongue-in-cheek horror flick that skewers the genre while delivering seat-squirming scares.
...the next time you hear Air Supply's 'You're Every Woman in the World' in the dentist's office, you'll be more worried about something other than doctor's fingers sliding their way into your mouth.
Slither turns out to be an improbably good time -- it will go well with popcorn, even better with a couch and a beer.
This writing-directing debut from the guy who concocted that rip-off known as Dawn of the Dead isn't that scary, and it isn't nearly as funny as he seems to think it is.
It's strictly a fun B-movie horror, on the order of Tremors, that somehow got released by a major studio.
If the horror scenes are formulaic, the audience will eat up the many jokey interludes the way the zombies feast on possum.
In a year that is heavily front-loaded with horror movies, Slither is easily the best in the class.
Slither does not quite operate at the sublime, creepy/comic level of [writer/director] Gunn's inspirations such as Re-Animator and The Brood.
Slither is the equivalent of an emotional workout. It will have you squirming, screaming, jumping, chortling, howling and groaning.
A hilariously gonzo, self-referential neo-Body Snatchers that takes the mickey out of the alien-monster genre the way Scream did slasher films.
[T]he deeply astonishing thing about Slither: at the same time that it's making you want to scratch your own skin off, it's also really funny, in a grim black way...
Slither is seriocomic horror, alternating laughs with gooey, creepy scares.
The impregnation scene is part John Hurt in Alien, part Marilyn Chambers in Rabid, part Billy Bob Thornton in Monster's Ball.
A great bloody joy of B-movie madness, Slither is a hilarious concoction of gore and wisecracks that offers plenty of nods to horror history while maintaining enough slimy integrity to stand, or rather, slither, on its own.
I know it's supposed to be silly, but Slither feels more like a scattershot spoof than a fine-tuned piece of entertainment.
Director James Gunn has infused Slither with a wicked sense of parody while still crafting a clever, maniacally paced twist on B-movie slimefests.
If you like slime, Slither will push you down the slippery slope to big-screen pleasure.
Slither tries (too hard) to cop the tongue-in-cheek silliness that marks some of the best examples of the genre and ultimately collapses atop itself. It's no Humanoids From the Deep.
A hysterically funny and always revolting spoof from the twisted mind of a creature feature fan.
At last: the mutant alien redneck zombie movie the world has been waiting for.
A funny, disgusting, derivative splatter flick.
[Director James]Gunn manages to convey his love for the genre and tells his story with glee. Fans who can get past the "Ick!" factor should have a good time.
Slither goes for the predictable gags, usually mocking the stereotypical redneck characters or spoofing stock horror moments.
Slither is ceaseless in its entertainment value, but it never breaks out of its tight cage and rampages across the screen, which this kind of madcap story deserves.
Because it's neither high-falutin' nor hateful, it's the most entertaining horror movie in years.
Gunn knows and loves the genre, and his affection for the film's various inspirations is palpable. My affection for his movie, in turn, is virtually boundless.
a spectacularly slimy, boldly bloody monster movie that says 'yes' to every possible excess. ...Weird, wacky and gloriously gross, 'Slither' is a minor classic of its kind.
...one of the most entertaining horror blasts from the past few years...
Just when it seemed like the zombie cannibal/parasite from outer space horror comedy had pretty much run its course, along comes Slither, a particularly lively addition to the remarkably durable undead genre.
It's a slimy, high-energy adventure that borrows from countless previous films, yet it whips all those old ingredients into a highly entertaining new dish.
Gunn has made a love letter to these horror invasion flicks of the 1980s, and it's name is Slither.
Once they bring on the slugs, it gets crazy quickly and makes up for the first 25 minutes of waiting around. So wait for it. It gets good.
Writer/director James Gunn knows the genre inside and out, so he wonderfully uses bad dialogue, cheesy special effects and a crazy plot to share the laugh with us
Slither may come up short as a complete work of horror but it more than makes up for it in laughs.
It's hilarious, gross, and insanely watchable! What would a Troma film look like if they had a decent script and a big budget? Like Slither!
For those who enjoy entertaining gross-out horror flicks, Slither satisfies. The squeamish should probably keep their distance.
Slither isn't scary, it's just what one character says when she spots the slugs from outer space, Grooooosss. And we don't mean that in a good way.
Slither is a funny, freaky, fiendishly good flick that might just find a following beyond the standard cadre of horror fanatics.
Slither is a gross, disgusting, but undeniably amusing treat laden with homages and in-jokes.
Gunn, who started off with schlockmeisters Troma Films, calls on that no-budget sensibility and lets the writing do the talking, with us doing the shrieking and most memorably, the laughing.
There is some humor in the plot, effective action and scenes that entertain us because of how stupidly the characters behave.
A serviceably fun, if slightly too polished, homage to creature features-gone-by.
What makes Slither work is how nimbly it slaloms from yucks to yuks, slip-sliding from horror to comedy and back again on its gore-slicked foundation.
Slither is an enjoyable stab at spoofing the genre, but it won't send you away feeling completely slimed, which in this context is another word for satisfied.
When the credits roll on Slither, don't be surprised to be a little sick, frazzled and exhausted. At the same time, don't be surprised to find yourself smiling ear-to-ear.
Slither starts out slowly; the first half-hour drags. Things pick up, however, and once Slither slides in its groove, the movie crackles with campy energy.
There is a huge amount of bloodshed, but it's so comically tongue-in-cheek that it's hard to take offense -- it's more gross than gory.
It's too polished to be campy and too goofy to send a chill down your spine, disappearing from your mind faster than a worm under your shoe. Splat.
It's not Ernst Lubitsch, but the space-slug/mutant-zombie fiesta called Slither has an actual sense of humor to go with its voluminous alien ook.
Gunn isn't out to send up zombie movies, just add some outrageous humor to enliven the genre of the walking dead. And in that way, at least, Slither slithers.
The most sensationally scary-funny creep-out movie since Gremlins.
A hilarious, profane, and wonderfully gooey creature feature, Slither emerges from its slimy eggsac one of the most flat-out entertaining horror movies in years.
Slither is gleeful, gooey, gory and goofy.
Slither cleverly exploits the nervous laughter that fills a theater whenever a horror movie gets too frightening to bear.
A great, goofy B-movie, a clever homage to the flicks that filled double bills in the 1950s, combining low-brow slapstick and gory scares in equal measure.
So sue me, sometimes after a day of enjoying Belgian film-festival prizewinners, I like to relax with copious servings of horror-flick slime and a good visual joke involving squids, girls in bathtubs, and overhead cameras.
It may not be sickly brilliant or twistedly clever, but it's just plain fun. Slither is a good old fashioned gooey, slimy monster movie with a sense of humor.
Gunn doesn't reinvent the wheel but he does tighten its spokes a bit with some terrifying sequences and a witty, deadpan screenplay.
doesn't just embrace the cheesy goofiness of those B-grade horror films from the middle of the last century, it also gives them a big wet sloppy French kiss.
[I] have to admit to not getting much out of a big budget B movie. B movies are fun because they're rinky dink.
A gleefully nasty and ingeniously twisted horror-comedy.
A groovy gross-out with snorts, scares and sentiment, SLiTHER is thus far the must-see frightfully funny movie of the year.

@highlight

A slimy, B-movie homage oozing with affection for low-budget horror films, Slither is creepy and funny -- if you've got the stomach for it.