Sometimes may feel like its struggling to get settled into what it's really looking to achieve, although that could well be by design as it does add a frantic, impulsive edge to the film.
Despite committed performances, The Voices can never transcend the inherent problems in its screenplay.
Visually, the film's amazing, blending the everyday with more fantastical elements in a small-town, blue collar version of the fairy tale Iranian landscape in Chicken with Plums.
Those that are on-board with its distressing comedy will find both an acute exploration of mental illness and the makings of a cult classic.
On paper, it all might sound rather sad and grubby, but it is actually a rather elegant little macabre tragedy.
While it may not necessarily be a film that will be universally embraced by genre fans, The Voices is a triumphant example of independent filmmaking at its very best and is undoubtedly one of the best roles Reynolds' has tackled to date.
Rarely do movies shout so loud yet communicate so little.
Reynolds is fantastic as the deeply confused protagonist, while Arterton and Kendrick do some very subtle work in the margins. Don't read anything more. Just see it.
A bonkers take on the serial killer genre that grips in spite of its flaws.
It borrows its best elements from contemporary adult animation and an post-underground sense of humor that make this an extravagant dark comedy. [Full review in Spanish]
Marjane Satrapi's surreal sense of humour makes The Voices a gory and unexpectedly pleasurable dark comedy.
A "deliriums tremens" turned into a comedy, with good gags that counterpoint the dramatic aspects of this synister and dark story. [Full review in Spanish]
Satrapi's film is at heart a comedy, but it has some very forced moments that really don't work. [Full review in Spanish]
An interesting cinematic experience that proves a solid work of Satrapi as a director and Reynolds as an actor. [Full review in Spanish]
It's not a masterpiece, but it's a really interesting piece. [Full review in Spanish]
It's not a modern cinema classic, but Ryan Reynolds performance is reason enough to go see this one. [Full review in Spanish]
The tone is wildly uneven and the concept ultimately feels strained at feature length.
Ryan Reynolds shines in Marjane Satrapi's surreal portrait of an American psycho.
"The Voices" has a lot going for it, but, sadly, its blend of terror and farce strikes a disingenuous chord.
A darkly funny, disarmingly weird horror-comedy.
By playing with storytelling rules, almost to the point of madness, Satrapi has elicited sympathy for the devil.
A chipper woman-hating comedy about a serial killer... that wants us to feel sorry for him? This is disgusting, repulsive, and enraging.
Swerving between pink-hued small-town satire and visceral gore, The Voices aims for the ghoulish humour of Eating Raoul or Parents - and, for the most part, misses.
The unusual mix of laughs, lunacy and a touch of melancholy ensures The Voices will stick in your head.
It's wretchedly unfunny and tonally erratic, the striking production design notwithstanding.
The film is gory, odd (with its scenes of talking animals and severed heads in fridges), horribly uneven but intermittently very funny in its own tasteless, grand-guignol fashion.
The Voices doesn't work as a comedy because it isn't funny, and it doesn't work as a thriller because it's not suspenseful, and it doesn't work as an exploration of schizophrenia, if that is what this is meant to be about, as it's not insightful.
It is an overwhelmingly dislikable film, an intensely unfunny and unscary horror-comedy about a serial killer played by Ryan Reynolds on his most irritating form.
Full-force performance form Ryan Reynolds but not as funny as it hopes it is.
At least Reynolds looks like a man finding his way to take risks once more.
Reynolds has never been more charming or spine-chilling - often simultaneously - in what is a genuinely multifaceted tragicomic performance.
Its grisly parts lack any actual suspense, digressions towards serious pathos are embarrassing, and the parts it plays for tongue-in-cheek irony lack any actual wit.
Satrapi's bold, bright and entertaining creation is laced with a pitch-black, sometimes truly sick sense of humour; it's wrong on many levels but that's also what makes it so right.
Utterly bonkers, this movie confounds any attempt to categorise it, blending comedy, romance, horror and drama to become a true one-off...
The film is simultaneously horribly gory, terrifically funny and terribly sad; a combination which could be confusing in any other hands than Satrapi's.
Think of this stylish, quirky and quite grisly feature from Marjane Satrapi as a meeting of Psycho, Dexter and Dr. Doolittle.
The movie has to be taken at face value: As a wacky and unsettling jaunt into sheer madness.
Once it's decided that anything might be unreal, there are so many more places the narrative might have gone.
Casting Ryan Reynolds as a small-town geek who has trouble getting a date may seem as pointless as taking a loving cup to a Leafs game, but the bright-eyed Canadian star makes this dark, dark comedy twinkle with offbeat appeal.
The Voices has its share of shocks, but the greatest of all may be the combination of star and director.
A deeply warped, darkly funny and thoroughly depraved horror comedy. Ryan Reynolds gives one of his best performances.
The film presents an askew world that blends bright kitsch and a pop sensibility with the main character's dark inner life. Ryan Reynolds pulls off the challenge.
Like Satrapi's other films,The Voices is stylish, striking, and lively.
It's the most likable Ryan Reynolds has been in a film in, well, forever, basically. He's not necessarily good, mind you.
A picture that shows rare bravery when confronted with ugliness, preferring to march forward into bleakness with a demented sense of humor and attention to detail.
[Ryan] Reynolds holds it all together with a fine performance, showing vulnerability, awkwardness, and a descent into madness that makes The Voices fascinating to watch.
Satrapi's visual touches, like the pink of the warehouse and Jerry's bowling alley home (with its alternate fantasy-reality decorating), are both funny and melancholy.
It's a delicate balance making us care about a deranged killer, but Reynolds succeeds with his warm-hearted, anxious performance.
This Ryan Reynolds-headlined indie strikes an uneasy balance between bloody mayhem and mirth.
The film is mostly a mess, albeit an occasionally endearing one.
I've always liked Reynolds for the most part, but he does his best work yet here in Satrapi's odd, pitch-black comedy about a man who talks to his dog and cat. And they talk back.
By the time we get to the closing singalong (with Jesus!), you'll be left wondering if [director] Satrapi's the one who's been taking Jerry's meds....a true cult item in the making.
The Voices is a dark comedy, emphasis more on dark than comedy, and it goes there. It maintains a creepy tone throughout but it's sensitive to Jerry too.
Appealing to look at, grotesque to bite into, and absolutely genius.
The big question here is why any of "The Voices," as crisply made and stylish as it is, should matter or entertain. The cold truth is that it doesn't.
Grisly but not especially suspenseful, tongue-in-cheek without any real wit, "The Voices" aims to hit the intersection of horror and comedy but tumbles into an uncanny valley of tedious creepiness.
Thirty years ago, during the height of the VHS boom, a movie like The Voices would be considered an envelope-pushing, clever cult classic
Simultaneously bizarre, humorous, disturbing and suspenseful.
Like most slasher lampoons, The Voices tries to be as bloody and creepy as flicks that take psycho-killing more seriously. This is a major waste of time in a movie that's about a half-hour longer than its setup justifies.
A few big stars working in a minor key, a bit of macabre indie-film quirk, and presto! Instant junk.
A flawed but amusing dark comedy that plays like a delightfully strange mix between Doctor Dolittle and American Psycho.
A genre-blending exploration of mental illness and murder, every one of its facets, from theme to tone to imagination, ratcheted up to the nth degree.
Satrapi's powers of invention keep you watching; so does Reynolds's remarkable range, from crybaby to butcher to dazzling song-and-dance man.
The Voices wants it all ways at once, and while its severe shifts in tone are certainly bold (and intentional), they also prevent the film from properly functioning under any genre umbrella.
Like it or not, The Voices aligns us with a murderer.
Ryan Reynolds is chillingly perfect as a nice-guy factory worker struggling with schizophrenia and murderous impulses in this tonally wild indie, which is nearly too horrifying to be funny - but not quite.
Fanciful, sweetly unbalanced and just right for the part, Mr. Reynolds gives his best performance in years.
When [Ryan Reynolds' Jerry] hacks people into crimson mush we don't get glory shots of the gore. It's just not that kind of midnight movie.
A colorful, fast-moving genre-blender, comedy and psychological thriller, workable thanks to Ryan Reynolds' nice-guy demeanor.
For most of the film's running time, one mistakes the main character's callousness for the filmmakers'.
Ryan Reynolds finally flourishes in a twisted turn ... His comic chops on full display, he chews the well-designed, color-coordinated scenery.
A seriously quirky piece of work...
The Voices is a silly, schizoid film, but for some it may be profound, reveling in its collision of ideas and tone.
The Voices is a complete and utter mess - that said, I'm glad that it exists. It would take a stickler to begrudge the world of cinema something this odd
It's a genuine delight.
This is a gripping look at mental illness as filtered through some extreme stylization.
The pic's tone is all over the place, from the bright red razor slash that underscores its opening titles to the "Amelie"-esque flights of fancy along the way.
The cast (including Reynolds) is terrific, and the direction is occasionally inspired, but in the end THE VOICES is far too morbid to work as a comedy.
Normally homicide and hilarity do not mix especially well, but The Voices...manages to do exactly that in a way where both the tension and the grisly laughs are in perfect synch.
The film's ability to go back and forth between absurdity and actual creepiness is also at least somewhat tied to Reynolds' performance, which has an air of menace mixed with its comedic simpleness.
A loopy, ghastly, funny, morbid and unforgettable 100 minutes
The bolts are loose, the belts won't fasten and Satrapi's disreputable little creepshow finally doesn't amount to a hill of beans. Maybe that's fine.
Even with the talking cat, this movie is a lot more realistic than 'Silver Linings Playbook.'
A risky mix of tones pays off in The Voices, one of the more playful, compassionate portrayals of a serial killer you're likely to see.
A wild, occasionally hilarious genre crossbreed that features a terrific performance from Ryan Reynolds.

@highlight

The Voices gives Ryan Reynolds an opportunity to deliver a highlight-reel performance -- and offers an off-kilter treat for fans of black comedies.