A bold effort to grapple with what truth lies behind these images, rather than to simply throw one's hands up in the face of them
Unable or unwilling to acknowledge or comprehend this trauma, the U.S. command structure is indicted no matter what it says.
Previous films such as "Gunners Palace" and the more famous "War Tapes" gave us intimate footage of the day to day danger and tedium of the war, but no film has shown both sides with the power and accuracy of "Battle for Haditha"
Lacking in subtlety and nuance, Broomfield's nerve-jangling movie nonetheless succeeds in showing the war from various vantage points. And from wherever one's standing, the view is profoundly disturbing.
Films about the Iraq war continue to come and, I hope, will keep coming. Among the most recent, The Battle for Haditha is especially notable.
Broomfield very effectively balances these storylines with superb cutting.
Remember when your mother warned that playing video games would desensitize you to violence? Now witness Exhibit A: a docudrama showcasing Generation Kill's all volunteer army in all its glory.
It might just be the movie this war has been waiting for.
There's a size and scope to the film we haven't seen in Broomfield's prior work that shows him capable of creating a piece of cinema on par with Michael Winterbottom's films.
Unsubtle but gripping, Battle For Haditha illustrates how a military that treats every man, woman, and child as a potential enemy can soon find that such thinking constitutes a self-fulfilling prophecy.
I can't begin to describe how creepy this futuristic movie is.
If Broomfield hoped to shed some light on what happened at Haditha beyond our worst preconceptions, he's failed.
In Battle for Haditha the British filmmaker Nick Broomfield revisits a wretched chapter of the war in Iraq.
The killing of 24 Iraqi civilians by U.S. marines in November 2005 is still so clouded by cover-up that the last thing anyone needs now is an improvised drama about the tragedy by UK gonzo documentarian Nick Broomfield.
This film by Nick Broomfield, which superficially resembles Brian De Palma's Redacted in that it is a mockumentary based on real, horrible events, is a 90-minute libel against the Marine Corps.
Although Battle for Haditha is certainly a plotted and arranged fiction, it is skillful and informative without corrupting our perspective via the techno-faddishness that undoes current filmmakers
Amounts to overkill and leaves no room for interpretation or analysis.
His conflation of reality and narrative filmmaking, unique as it may seem, that doesn't always work.
An engaging Iraqudrama that straddles the line between blistering exposé and Spielbergian heart-tugger.
the most sustained and unshakable narrative film to investigate the occupation of Iraq
As unsophisticated as ... Brian DePalma's Redacted, although at least Broomfield forgoes spurious aesthetic shenanigans.
Looking at Nick Broomfield's filmography and seeing three decades of documentaries, you'd think that by now he would be more aware of the fallacies of cinematic objectivity.
It's a hell of a picture.
Character psychology is as specious as in the Schwarzenegger canon.
The most apolitical film yet made about the conflict...showcasing villainy on every side, but nobility and sometimes heroism as well.
...this could've been a searing documentary...
...some auds might even momentarily confuse Battle with a docu, and the actors play a major role in creating this illusion.
...the film retains many of the cinema verite qualities of Broomfield's previous works, lending it a powerful, devastating immediacy.



@highlight

This narrative retelling of the real life tragedy in Haditha is gripping and immediate but may sacrifice the subtleties of history for dramatic impact.