Mud feels thoroughly, depressingly familiar in nearly every one of its narrative, thematic, and dramatic beats, even if one can't place a precise predecessor.
McConaughey gives his best performance since Killer Joe, while Sheridan, whom we first saw in Terrence Malick's The Tree Of Life, is faultless as Ellis.
Its beguiling mix of naturalism and fabulism will appeal to adults who'd like to see a version of Beasts Of The Southern Wild with fewer fairy lights.
What a treat for the eyes and the ears.
Mud has a stellar cast. Nichols knows they'll do the heavy lifting for him, and his nuanced direction and thoughtful visuals lets them do exactly that.
A Huckleberry Finn-type tale with edges, Mud is an adolescent adventure that should charm adults.
The type of film that's miraculously heartwarming, while also mournful and filled with sorrow.
McConaughey masterpiece as a a man on the run in Mississippi.
If Mud isn't the best movie of this young year, it's certainly the most instantly satisfying.
Despite an almost sluggish pace, Nichols nevertheless finds the rhythm of Southern rural village life with its wary think-hard-before-you-speak watchfulness.
Nichols truly takes you into this world and while the story may be a bit unsettling, the performances refuse to allow you to take your eyes off the screen.
Mud might feel old fashioned and familiar but it is also a delicate and atmospheric film rarely made by Hollywood these days.
Glorious vision of youth and truth, love and loss, your name is Mud.
An evocative highlight of the American movie year so far.
Sadly, Nichols, who made the superb Take Shelter, gets mired in mood this time around. But there's still an evocative sense of childhood exploration, and a gritty performance by Matthew McConaughey.
Nichols gives the story a languorous pace, but the beautiful scenery and naturalistic characters make this a film best enjoyed slowly.
Mud earns its Mark Twain comparisons with its rich understanding of love through an early teenager's eyes.
A realistic, gripping and expressive boys' coming-of-age adventure story.
Often the movies absorb these ideas in plots that are eager to retread to action and violence, but Nichols finds a resonating and sharp tone here that understates those desires.
A highly personal tale of undergrown men and overgrown boys experiencing the growing pains of love turned unrequited, and the realization that nothing-not freedom, not security, not innocence, not love-lasts forever. [Blu-ray]
Mud improves steadily as it progresses, however, as Nichols does a superb job of fleshing out the story and characters...
Mud should cement [writer-director Jeff Nichols'] reputation as a storyteller capable of extracting intense excitement from character-based dramas.
Warm, humorous, and smart, a Huckleberry Finnish snapshot of carefree boyhood on the brink of adolescence.
Mud is about the fragility of men, the craving to be loved - by a woman, by other men - and how easily that love is misplaced, taken away, cheated or lost.
Mud has a rare big-screen beauty, and its old-fashioned storytelling recalls A River Runs Through It, Night of the Hunter, and Stand By Me.
This moody, broody character-driven crime story is another fine step in the career redemption of Matthew McConaughey.
Mud is the kind of small scale, character driven drama one rarely sees out of the States any more, and cements Nichols as one of his country's most significant independent auteurs.
Just like its lead character, this film is packed to the brim with sadness, swagger and soul.
All the women in this movie are shrews, liars and/or emasculators.
Mud is a moving exploration into the nature of manhood, with superb performances, striking location and engrossing story creating a mesmerising and heartfelt coming of age drama.
A stripped back approach to tracking the process of growing up, but lacks the faith to see the plan executed to the end
Nichols takes his time unravelling Mud and Ellis's entwined fates, but his characters are so rich that it's well worth being in their company.
In its energy and nuance, Mud seems like the kind of film Hollywood would've made in the Seventies, and would've continued to do if not for the advent of market-conscious filmmaking.
More than a mere tribute to Twain and Dickens: this has all the makings of a modern classic.
An extremely sophisticated and progressive examination on how adolescent masculinity is defined by often-contradictory cultural attitudes towards femininity.
For at least three-quarters of the way, this is a fine film, and one that kids and parents could see together.
Mud is as beautiful to watch as it is to listen to, and feel kinship to, whether you're from the South or just Southern at heart.
In Jeff Nichols, America has a champion of the religious and working class. With the schism between the right and left in the U.S. growing ever larger... his ascent couldn't have come at a better time.
This is a film with a great naturalistic style and captivating performances and which does just about everything right.
Jeff Nichols writes characters with depth, nurtures strong performances form his cast and allows the screenplay's backwater setting to effectively create tone and texture.
This is American cinema at its very best as Huckleberry Finn meets Stand By Me.The two boys are terrific and McConaughey is sensational as Mud, dazzlingly frazzled as the hunted and haunted man on the run.
Up till just past the three-quarter mark, Mud is one heck of a nifty psychological fable.
The Southern-fried drama "Mud" is an electrifying example of what happens when you merge a crackerjack yarn with a very specific setting, and then pour on the heat with riveting performances.
McConaughey and Sheridan 's acting skills, as well as those of the entire supporting cast, make this movie better than it ought to be.
It gets under our skin because Nichols gives us time to come to know Mud's island like the places we knew as children.
As Mud might say, it's a hell of a thing.
The boys are so skillfully played that Mud also plays like cinema verite. Nichols' fluid camerawork suggests a documentary-style approach. That helps these young lads transform into flesh-and-blood characters who get our attention and support.
There is an enchanted-fairy-tale aspect to Mud, but its bright, calm surface only barely disguises a strong, churning undercurrent.
Sheridan, who played the Terrence Malick surrogate in The Tree Of Life, is terrific at conveying adolescent confusion with tiny squints and frowns, and McConaughey plays off him masterfully.
Carefully crafting films that fly just below the political radar, director-writer Jeff Nichols is slowly, but surely, reweaving the fabric of the American dream.
A modern fairy tale, steeped in the sleepy Mississippi lore of Twain and similar American writers, and with a heart as big as the river is wide.
It's totally worth it to pay good money to see a good, little film nestled between theaters showing 'Iron Man 3' and 'The Great Gatsby.' (Complete Content Details for Parents also available)
This is a junior adventure story echoing Huckleberry Finn and Stand By Me, a tale which is in no hurry to unfold, but beautifully done, exquisitely performed, and filled with terror and wonder.
Beautifully acted, intellectually engaging, and dramatically satisfying, Mud deserves to rocket to the top of your must-see list.
'Mud' is a standout film in this 'coming of age' genre mainly because of its central character, one tough, warm-hearted, stubborn little kid who believes in the power of love, above all else.
Other than pacing problems that needlessly stretch the film past the two-hour mark, 'Mud' slings the dirt and sweat with the best of them, as it both mourns and celebrates a way of life that's all but disappeared.
A sublime coming-of-age film, 'Mud' would be the offspring if 'Stand By Me' and 'Cape Fear' reproduced.
Mud is a movie of striking performances and memorable images and of people who seem to belong in rather than being imposed upon their environment.
A brilliant metaphor for how a child deals with divorce.
This might be Mud. But it deserves to stick.
This is a film that gives McConaughey the chance to be an actor rather than a star, and, not for the first time, he grabs the opportunity.
Gone is the rom-com character and emphasis on a toothy smile and six-pack abs. Matthew McConaughey is showing off some acting chops.
Mud is, perhaps, a little longer than it needed to be, but few sensitive viewers will begrudge Nichols his indulgence. This director is the real thing.
Writer-director Nichols continues to get inside the heads of his characters with this involving but overlong dramatic thriller.
McConaughey is terrific but the picture is really made by the fierce and unforgettable performance of Tye Sheridan as Ellis.
a film that demands a certain patience, which it rewards with various emotional payoffs that aren't ever quite what you expect
Somewhere in the dreams of Mud creator Jeff Nichols, Huckleberry Finn met Aguirre, Wrath of God.
Impressively directed and beautifully shot, this is an emotionally engaging and powerfully evocative coming-of-age drama with a superb script and terrific performances from a note-perfect cast.
This richly rewarding work lightly wears influences as disparate as Huckleberry Finn and The Hustler but ultimately emerges as the unmistakeable work of Nichols, one of the rare breed of genuinely exciting directors working in Hollywood today.
The disappointing denouement is far outweighed by the overall strength of the journey to that resolution.
Nichols keeps getting better, but his masterpiece is (excitingly) still to come.
Matthew McConaughey is as compelling as we've come to expect since The Lincoln Lawyer kicked off his 2010s hot streak, as Jeff Nichols ably combines elements of Terence Malick with an all-American rural yarn.
Mud clearly sets out from frame one to run along well-worn tracks - it's like Tom Sawyer and Huck Finn meets Whistle down the Wind.
By setting the action within a quasi-mythic framework Nichols is able to draw us into his big adventure and help us to rediscover the whispers of youth.
Nichols has a strong feeling for the tactility of natural elements-water, wood, terrain, weather.
A stirring ode to innocence that evokes classics like The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and Stand By Me.
Mud has some interesting things to say about southern manhood, and is observant about the struggle between head and heart, even if it is less forthcoming on how you get a boat out of a tree.
A bold, intelligent, 21st century take on Mark Twain - with added occult tendencies.
Nichols takes his time with the story, dwelling on how the boy is shaped by the killer's tragic sense of romance, yet the suspense holds.
Mud is a potent and earnest rumination on love and change that gets muddled by moments of overblown as well as scattered storytelling.
The setting, characters and situations in "Mud" are fully formed and fully satisfying.
A modern-day Huck Finn adventure pulled along in the mesmerizing current of a crime yarn and anchored to a teenager's heartbreaking quest for emotional moorings.
Like great directors before him -- Hitchcock, Polanski, Altman, et al. -- Nichols uses duality with real skill and impact.
Poignant coming-of-age tale has some edgy content.
This is no Southern Gothic pastiche but a convincing portrait of a South rarely seen onscreen, the South of Walmarts and water moccasins, of Piggy-Wiggly and punk rock.
I liked Mud. What's frustrating is feeling as if I could have loved it.
It's a lovely, coherent piece of storytelling, with a unique sense of place. Nichols has carved out a niche as a distinctive film-maker.
With Mud, Jeff Nichols demonstrates once again that he's that rare breed of filmmaker who prefers to bury himself in the dirt of rural America rather than carve his initials into the concrete of sprawling urbanity.
Nichols weaves it all together with consummate skill and a little black pepper.
It's rare that films manage to capture the actual experience of what it is like to be a child, but 'Mud' seems to nail the ethos.
Mud is a captivating drama with well-rounded characters and fantastic performances from its three leads.
...a respectful, storyteller's approach to rural America. No mockery, no Hollywood-knows-better, no nonsense. That kind of thing is in shorter supply than the universe's collective desire for McConaughey to return to rom-coms.
Jeff Nichols' script for Mud is a lot like the Mississippi River that serves as a backdrop for the tale of unrequited love. There are times it is big and powerful and other times when it becomes so serene it's easy to forget the depths that hide below.
Mud combines the poignance of a boy coming to terms with life's realities with the excitement of top-notch suspense.
This densely atmospheric film could have used more Mark Twain-like adventure and less dreary adult intrigue.
...a movie about relationships that are tenuous and inescapable, desperate and fraught with misplaced romance.
Set in Arkansas, Mud captures the rhythm of the South in a way few films do.
Mud, from the Austin-based writer/director Jeff Nichols, is many things at once, and all enriched by David Wingo's double-stop, aching, stringed score.
"Mud" is a powerful story of love, friendship and loyalties.
"Mud" is a terrific American film that is destined to be a classic. McConaughey is selecting superior roles as he matures into one of our finest actors. Now that's something no critic would have written 10 years ago.
The kind of film where small gestures and vignettes convey more than long speeches possibly could.
An evocative drama set at the precipice of adulthood.
"Mud" isn't just a movie. It's the firm confirmation of a career.
McConaughey's resurgence is a glorious thing, and it continues with Mud.
Buy a boat in a tree, and you'll buy anything. And so we do in "Mud," Jeff Nichols's yarn about a charming outlaw on the run, drizzled with Tennessee Williams lyricism and Huck-and-Tom adventure.
Not quite as good as "Take Shelter" but still an intriguing story with a strong performance by Matthew McConaughey.
"Mud" unfolds at its own pace, revealing its story in slivers. The performances are outstanding, especially from Sheridan, who plays tough, sweet, vulnerable and confused with equal conviction.
The film is drenched in the humidity and salty air of a Delta summer, often recalling the musical, aphoristic cadences of Sam Shepard, who happens to appear in a supporting role.
A wonderful, piquant modern-day variation on "Huckleberry Finn.''
Nichols' observant and ultimately compassionate screenplay starts by taking sides, only to grow in understanding along with Ellis' maturation.
One of the most creatively rich and emotionally rewarding movies to come along this year.
Clearly inspired by Mark Twain and Huckleberry Finn, but with its own unique flavor and feel, Mud may be one of the best examples of Southern Gothic ever committed to film
It's a movie that holds out hope for the movies' future.
Mr. Nichols's voice is a distinctive and welcome presence in American film.
Nichols is something truly rare -- a non-condescending observer and chronicler of the modern South.
Every scene, moment and shot of Mud is spot-on, necessary, and adds to the whole, making for a satisfying film experience that will please many a varied filmgoer's taste.
Nichols' wild narrative tributaries all eventually intersect, and at no time does he let one's attention stall.
What you do need to know is that the acting is top-tier all the way. McConaughey, on a career roll, is magnificent.
Mud has the feel of a novel ... that's rooted deep in American soil. Yet it was written specifically for the screen by [Jeff] Nichols, who has conjured up a coming-of-age story set in the South that doesn't resort to using caricatures and cliches.
Like paging through a terrific book containing a few dull chapters, with writer/director Jeff Nichols creating an evocative atmosphere of mystery and misfortune
Set in the world of Piggly-Wigglys, people named Mae Pearl and pickup trucks without tailgates, it's a refreshingly non-condescending Southern-set charmer.
Nichols lovingly sketches his characters and their world; he takes his time doing so, but it's a pleasure to watch the small interactions and the humid reality of secret coves and Piggly Wiggly supermarkets and seedy hotels.
Writer/director Jeff Nichols creates richly realized characters in a tale that moves like a cottonmouth viper, advancing slowly until it strikes with sudden violence.
With "Mud," Jeff Nichols announces his intention to do it all. He just may yet.
a deceptively slow-building film. Like its author's views on women and men, it is full of both hard life lessons and the magical from the very beginning.
The movie, like adolescence, is a rich and emotional experience that jolts and jangles with a sense of wonder, mystery and discovery.
The brilliant summer hues and lazy rivers give "Mud" an authentic sense of place; Nichols clearly knows this terrain like the back of his hand.
Mud is steeped in a sense of place, and the people inhabiting it. Southern. Superstitious. Suspenseful. Sublime.
Mud is a lyrical coming-of-age tale that feels like a Mark Twain story in a contemporary setting.
McConaughey brings to the film a heartfelt and beautifully realized angst. And Witherspoon is excellent as a woman who can't help being who she is, regardless of any pain that may cause.
As far as brawny dramas or ripping coming-of-age yarns go, you could do a lot worse than getting stuck in the "Mud."
Once writer and director Jeff Nichols' film about love, lies and loss gets going, it never really stops.
Wallow in it.
It features another fine performance by McConaughey, a compelling coming-of-age story, and sturdy filmmaking. It's definitely a movie that will stick with you long afterwards, and you can't really ask for more than that from a movie these days.
A coming-of-age tale that's also a suspense thriller...this beautifully realized picture is easily one of the year's best thus far.
Nichols has concocted something ... along the lines of a ripping yarn, with fairly conventional story beats built upon a sturdy, familiar coming-of-age template.
[Nichols] has a rare ability to root his archetypal Southern fables in rich observational detail. They remain tangibly specific but take on the larger resonances of folklore.
The film's guilelessness in stoking classic themes, folklore and paradigms in American culture would be absurdly self-conscious if Nichols didn't have such an original voice as a storyteller.
You come away from Mud fondly remembering those two boys, especially Ellis, who has taken his first steps toward adulthood and discovers it suits him just fine.
A story about how at one point or another love makes liars of us all, either to others or ourselves.
There's something old-fashioned about Mud, but if you allow yourself to settle into its leisurely pace, it will reward you.
A modern-day homage to the settings and characters popularized in some of Twain's best loved works.
McConaughey, of course, is excellent.
A fresh coming-of-age tale with an impressive performance by Tye Sheridan as a sensitive, kind, and caring teenager with a good heart.
Against a lush Mississippi River backdrop, a boy's coming-of-age is spurred by a friendship with an outlaw.
Mud is a beautiful, humorous, tension-filled and sad tale with more great work from McConaughey about learning the hard way that love and mud can be a synonymous mixture that we will always have trouble running away from.
The film ultimately succeeds thanks to small details, from its deep-fried lingo and the swampy texture of its location photography to its uniformly expert cast.
Mud is as unmoving as it is because it doesn't aspire to be anything other than a competent anti-fairy tale in which the paint-by-number morals are enforced by equally obvious main protagonists.
I so wish I had the "Wrap It Up" box from Chappelle's Show, because if I could have hit it around the hour and forty five minute mark during Mud, it would have added another star onto my review.
It's hard to believe Nichols thinks he can get away with all this and harder still to believe he does.
A spare, well-told story that shows teen characters learning necessary lessons in ways that manage to be both universal and dramatic.
Thank you Joe Nicholl for reminding me that I don't just love movies for wookies and capes and guys in iron suits. Still pumped for IM3 though.
Adolescent boys and their fathers will find much to appreciate and bond over but the movie's slow-as-molasses, 130-minute running time and occasional bursts of Scorsese-esque violence prevent it from being a true family film.
By Nichols' already high standards, this feels a minor work - but it's been made with love.
"Mud" is a boys adventure movie with its heart in the right place.
Engaging, endearing adventure, tracing its heart-warming antecedents to Mark Twain's "Adventures of Huckleberry Finn."
The story of a sympathetic fugitive who forges a bond with two teenage boys near a mighty river down south, Mud is shot through with traditional qualities of American literature and drama.
Authentically Southern Gothic, featuring one of Matthew McConaughey's best performances ever.
As fable like as Mud can be, with its good luck charms and wards against werewolves and demons and men who salvage using homemade diving bells, at its heart it is about real people going through real things.
So good - so incredibly good; a classic in the making - that I promise you won't miss the metaphor and abstraction of 'Take Shelter'.
It's a sweet tale that displays plenty of faith in humanity without ever veering into sappiness and always keeping you on the edge of your seat.
[Feels] like an adaptation of a classic novel that doesn't actually exist.
The most immediately involving film that I've seen in a good long while.
Confirms Nichols' status as a rising talent in the world of independent film who's yet to make a truly major work.
Though it is unlikely that Mud will live up to the expectations of those who were floored by Jeff Nichols' last film Take Shelter, it is still a powerful film in it's own right.
Another winner from Jeff Nichols. Has everything- drama, romance, a little action, and at the same time is as powerful an elegy to a disappearing way of life as BEASTS OF THE SOUTHERN WILD.
There's an argument to be made that there's a calculated degree of cliché to this sweet, Southern-fried fairytale, that Nichols is paying tribute here to his more mainstream inspirations.
Warm and moderately engaging, though it has little of the shivery visual power or narrative risk-taking that made Take Shelter such a discovery.
What sounds like Huckleberry Finn on the page, however, ends up like a stock melodrama onscreen.
Confidently expanding his inquiry into the essence of American masculinity, Nichols' latest pressure-cooker pastoral conjures a wily figure of endangered Southern chivalry.
A confident, nuanced, richly satisfying coming-of-age story which is part Huckleberry Finn, part Badlands, the film is another illustration that Nichols is becoming one of the most assured US auteurs at work today.
An atmospheric thriller and coming-of-age tale set on a slow bend in the Mississippi river, Mud has the look and feel of an American indie classic.
A rich, sweet slice of Americana - although a little more contrived and sentimental than it promises to be at first.
Nichols' Take Shelter, won the Grand Prix at Critics' Week at Cannes last year, but this is a broader, more familiar slice of Americana than either that picture or his debut feature Shotgun Stories.
For the most part Nichols' follow-up to Take Shelter feels pleasingly fresh and for-real.

@highlight

Bolstered by a strong performance from Matthew McConaughey in the title role, Mud offers an engaging Southern drama that manages to stay sweet and heartwarming without being sappy.