I love Michael Keaton's portrayal...this is a story you could've seen in a documentary, but it lends itself to a movie and it was done very well.
The Founder is a solid biopic but not one that will go down in history - unlike the multi-million dollar-making fast food chain at its core.
Even in repetitive or undernourished moments Keaton, Offerman and Lynch always entertain. Their performances have fallen through the cracks of awards season.
It's hard to imagine what the movie would have been without Michael Keaton in the lead role; his performance actualizes everything the movie aspired to do but failed to achieve.
Nick Offerman and John Carroll Lynch as Dick and Mac McDonald never stood a chance, and it could be argued that, despite Keaton's cunning performance, neither did the movie.
This odd shift in tone -- it's the American dream backed with the American nightmare -- turns a standard bio-pic into something slightly more interesting.
... the creativity of the McDonald brothers is contrasted with the excessive ambition of Ray Kroc... [Full review in Spanish]
The dramatic impact of betrayals creeps up on you, partly because the film rolls on with a smooth, upward motion and few obvious signposts, partly because Ray is so likable.
The Founder tells us the story of how Ray Kroc turned McDonald's into a franchise and left the founding brothers out to dry.
Michael Keaton's character shows that you can make a fortune dishing out junk food to customers who know no better.
This entertaining, enthralling biopic serves up a terrifically digestible cinematic meal.
This business drama falls short of being a powerful biopic but if you are a loyal customer of McDonald's, a budding businessman or a Michael Keaton fan, you'll like it.
The Founder and it's recreation of the '50s and '60s American culture and capitalism is insightful and enriching.
This certainly casts those golden arches in a whole new grubby light.
The Founder should be a cautionary tale, a sad story about a pair of brothers done in by a ruthless businessman. Instead, despite a trio of very fine performances, it's oddly hollow.
The story may be ugly, but Keaton turns in an impressive performance.
It's an enjoyable dramedy with outstanding, nuanced performances.
The concept is no so ubiquitous that one of the fascinating things about the film is deconstructing our familiarity with it so that we can see where it came from.
The film is entertaining but not revelatory enough. There's little doubt an even more horrifying story lies beneath.
The movie seems totally unsure how to handle [Ray] Kroc, a puzzling phantom of a character.
Kroc, as delivered by Keaton and Hancock, is a blueprint for the type of a super-sized person that by 2016 could easily be elected President of the United States.
The Founder is about the cultivation of an idea, grown in solid soil and nurtured through the persistent belief in the end justifying the means.
It's a sly and sometimes melancholy look at what makes America, um, America. The Founder is a tough-minded cautionary tale, but it's also a stupendous character study.
The Founder features an engrossing tale of the rise of a fast-food empire, an exceptional cast that's at the top of their game, and a marvelous screenplay that lays out these events in all of their intriguing, gritty detail.
A twisted guide to learning how capitalism works in its most unbridled variant. [Full review in Spanish]
An entertaining and meritorious point of view on business innovation, personal interest and greed. [Full review in Spanish]
A remarkable example that the American dream is sometimes possible, although there must be lies, betrayal, robberies, and some other things on the way. [Full review in Spanish]
A film that shows us the face of the trumpist transactional philosophy: for someone to fulfill his "American dream", another will have to suffer. [Full review in Spanish]
It probably would have had more impact if it had been made four or five decades ago, when McDonald's was not yet an icon of "crude mercantilism" feared by its original owners. [Full review in Spanish]
A rather crude and impudent look at the lack of morals in business, the obsession with success, greed and lack of scruples, and how often you have to betray those who resist "progress." [Full review in Spanish]
A great modern fable where the pursuit of a dream can be sapped by greed or selfishness. Keaton's character represents the best and the worst of the American dream. [Full review in Spanish]
A good biopic that, despite a difficult patriotic theme, it doesn't boast about the American way of life. [Full review in Spanish]
An interesting and entertaining idea. So sit back and enjoy your favorite combo, you'll get what you already know. [Full review in Spanish]
A fascinating story about a man's reckless determination to achieve success, but unlike similar films about greed, it fails to plunge into the depths of Kroc's complex psychology. [Full review in Spanish]
Despite the lack of conflict and mordacity in the story, it's an entertaining and interesting film, where the masterful interpretation of Keaton stands out. [Full review in Spanish]
A great story about financial betrayals, creative bullying and theft, evasions and speculations. [Full review in Spanish]
The film shows Hancock's ability as a filmmaker, although he was fortunate to have an interesting story because he could have done much more. [Full review in Spanish]
The founder is a very entertaining biopic that has chosen the path of conventionality and lack of risk to tell a story that is way above the film itself. [Full review in Spanish]
A film that grows when it exposes the imposture of a society that has made trash its reason for being. [Full review in Spanish]
The founder is, at first glance, a conventional biopic but it's the story of a cynical predator, the perverter of the innocent dream of two naive brothers who tried to counter the chaotic drift of those dinners. [Full review in Spanish]
A morally ambiguous story since its script raises a problematic subject but it manages to remain in a point of neutrality, which makes it interesting. [Full review in Spanish]
Although it runs with tone problems and without a clear message, The Founder manages to work thanks to a great performance by Michael Keaton. [Full review in Spanish]
"The Founder" gives Keaton the kind of arc - a golden arch, you might even say - and character to continue his creative renaissance.
One of the most accurate and incisive radiographs ever made on cannibal capitalism and, of course, the shadows surrounding the American dream. [Full review in Spanish]
A film that wins because what looks like an entrepreneur's manual ends up being something sinister under a precious name and a precious (and golden) logo. [Full review in Spanish]
Kroc is a nasty piece of work, but the film's squeaky clean approach often makes him seem like an all-American hero.
What makes The Founder more than just your average Jobs-style mogul biopic is how it places Michael Keaton's Ray Kroc at the centre of the film, inviting him to be both the hero and the villain.
John Lee Hancock's film is a timely look at a moment in American history. Keaton is always watchable and the slight moral ambiguity, leaving the audience to draw their own conclusion, adds a nice layer.
This biopic, starring Michael Keaton as Kroc, can't reverse that outcome, of course, but it does let Mac and Dick seize something from their conqueror.
Interesting but rather unappetising.
Hancock's bland biopic offers a sanitised and sympathetic take on the burger chain's beginnings and the man who turned it into a multimillion-dollar enterprise.
While The Founder follows the usual beats of films depicting the vices of business and wealth, it distinguishes itself through a brilliant final act.
Michael Keaton delivers a storming performance.
Keaton vividly and remorselessly projects obsessiveness, cussedness and raging ambition.
One of the many pleasures in John Lee Hancock's study of the man who made McDonald's an empire is its reminder that even the simplest ideas need to be invented.
The beauty of director John Lee Hancock's film is that you swing between admiration and antipathy [for Kroc] before making your mind up.
You may never look at your local fast-food joint the same way again.
The man, played with dark relish by Michael Keaton, has the fabulous name of Ray Kroc (there is a suitably reptilian air to his grin as he says things such as: "Contracts are like hearts. They're made to be broken").
It is a surprisingly nuanced and barbed look at the American Dream and its flip side.
It's a classic story of American corporate steamrollering with the little people flattened on the way to dishonestly-earned but unimaginable success ...
It is a cautionary tale handled in a workmanlike fashion but Keaton is sharp and compelling as we watch the rebirth of a salesman.
[A] bright, absorbing biopic ...
Boosted by Michael Keaton's magnetic performance, The Founder is interesting and engaging, and while it lacks that necessary emotional punch, it still manages to deliver the goods.
The Founder could have been a Preston Sturges-style comedy/biopic - a high-mischief fairy tale with moral resonance. Instead it does little but polish Ray Kroc's boots.
A special, worthwhile film that promises more confrontational Hollywood films in the future.
The Founder represents a veritable plunge into darkness. It's impossible to look at Ray Kroc and not see America's complex relationship with capitalism.
How does the American Dream become the American Success Story? The Founder shows us.
It's only after the film has finished you realised that the key, and the paramount focus, should've been on sheer uncompromising business of the film's leading character.
Keaton sells the crap out of Kroc's filet-o-fishy business, but sauce overrides substance: it needed tougher meat.
Impeccably detailed set design, costume design ... The Founder makes for an enhanced historical documentary and a view into the insidiousness of good business.
The Founder ends up feeling extremely wishy-washy, unable to scrub the nastiness of Kroc's success but also incapable of confronting it.
At the centre is the astonishing performance by Keaton as the man whose moral fibre is nowhere as strong as his ambition.
The Founder is shot wonderfully; everything comes off as authentic to the time period the story is set in, and there's this dreamlike quality to the locations that gets juxtaposed with the asphalt and harsh lights of the franchised McDonalds locations.
Michael Keaton takes it easy through much of the movie, not doing that much with his part, which is OK. But you can feel him get revved up when Kroc goes really bad.
Despite a tendency to veer toward something out of the McDonalds PR department, a briskly entertaining look at Ray Kroc's sleazy business practices.
Keaton's Kroc is compulsively watchable without being charming...[an] over-caffeinated underachiever for whom one feels comfortable having equal measures pity and contempt
The movie seems fairly disgusted by Kroc's actions, but like director John Lee Hancock's The Blind Side, it's also tonally confused -- not quite a drama, but not a satire either.
A consistently entertaining, well-written film, which evokes its era perfectly and is buoyed by three standout performances. (Splice Today)
It's a great movie -- one of the greatest of the year, I'd say -- but it's not a particularly feel-good endeavor.
Keaton riveting in "The Founder."
Despite a surfeit of nice period visual touches, [Hancock's] soft sensibilities relieve a juicy story of its juice, until all that's left is a blandly edible burger biopic.
I can't remember the last time I saw a film on a subject this familiar filled with so many startling historical facts.
If you think you deserve a break today, see this movie.
Altogether, Hancock and Keaton have created a very well-told and well-acted film, but The Founder will leave you with a bad taste in your mouth.
There probably was a good movie in this story, but it's not on screen.
It's a wickedly clever study of inspiration, enthusiasm and perseverance morphing into avarice and ruthlessness-Macbeth among the deep-fryers, except that nobody actually gets murdered.
"The Founder" actually manages to find psychological depth underneath all the scheming and frustrations, shaping a fascinating examination of opportunity born from legal duplicity.
An actor most at home playing devilish, Keaton's got the last-reel Machiavellian shrug down cold. But neither he nor the filmmakers do much to illuminate the neural pistons fired from brain to bodily shrug.
'The Founder' belongs to Michael Keaton who gives a driven and dark performance as Kroc, who is willing to throw anyone - and everyone - under the bus on his ruthless climb to success.
From his first appearance addressing the camera with a marble-mouthed sales pitch, Keaton renders the struggling milkshake machine rep's desperation incandescent.
One of the must-see entertainments of the year.
The Founder is a character study about the expansion of the McDonald's fast food chain, but operates as a hero's journey moving in reverse.
If you like the milk shakes at Mickey D's, stay away from this film or you may never enjoy one again. What a Kroc!
Even with an ensemble as fine as this, the movie still belongs squarely to Keaton. He's the special sauce - and I'm lovin' it.
(The Founder) may be the picture of what America calls success, but Keaton's eyes tell another story - that of a poverty impervious to wealth.
...an interesting, eye-opening, yet hopelessly uneven look at the creation of the world's biggest fast-food chain.
It's not the feel-good movie of this (or any) year, but it's clear-eyed and concise -- as well as important and informative. Perhaps it's no coincidence it received its national rollout on the same day the ultimate capitalist pig took the Oval Office.
Its omissions and elisions are the result not of natural narrative contours but of open choices, gaping holes, psychological wounds that a filmmaker displays all the more via the elaborate efforts at concealment ...
This film left me wanting. It seemed like a sure-fire story on the surface, which just proves how many things can go wrong from conception to execution. The Founder is as forgettable as a fast-food hamburger.
All that greasy money sliding around on the griddle of destiny. All that grain-fed optimism dusted with a hint of salt. It's undeniably delicious; manna for the masses...[that] leaves you feeling deep in your gut, something's not right.
Much like your favorite fast food burger, The Founder may be a little hastily cobbled together, but the enjoyment is still there in the experience.
A story worth reflecting upon, perhaps now more than ever.
Keaton is fascinating as Kroc, a bad guy who embodies the American Dream - a man who isn't necessarily the best or most talented but who's willing to step on anyone to get ahead.
Makes one hungry for In-N-Out, if I'm being honest.
The Founder works on many levels -- as a rags-to-riches story, a business school lesson, and unearthing history (not unlike Hidden Figures).
You will never look at a Big Mac quite the same way again.
Mr. Keaton is as glibly captivating as ever as the hard-drinking Midwesterner with shrewd instincts for where American consumerism was headed in the mid-20th century.
The fast food culture that McDonald's has come to embody remains off the menu throughout The Founder.
While Keaton plays the role straight, of all the characters on his resumé, his Ray Kroc most closely resembles Beetlejuice -- the demon good people allowed into their house.
... more than just a nostalgic crowd-pleaser about greasy griddles and deep-fat fryers, proving itself equally effective as a cautionary tale about the perils of growing a business and the dangers of capitalism run amok.
This is a rare film that looks at what it takes to create a globally dominant business, and what it costs as well.
[The Founder] benefits from a stirring storyline and a first-rate ensemble.
Keaton makes it easy to understand Kroc's energetic empire builder whose self-created legend was that he, not the McDonalds, "founded" the Golden Arches empire.
Told from the McDonald brothers' POV, this is hardly an unbiased telling and it implies some dubious things. It's too bad that so much work was put into what appears to be a diatribe against Kroc. I'd like to see a more balanced effort.
The Founder remains fascinating largely because Keaton is so good at guile and bile. Not once does he wink at the audience or overplay the obvious.
John Lee Hancock serves up a biopic of McDonald's king Ray Kroc that is not unlike the restaurant's product: precisely prepared, brightly packaged, and uncomplicated in its appeal. Or at least, that's how it goes down much of the time.
Combined with Keaton's canny performance, ['The Founder'] creates a strong portrait of a man who clawed his way to the top of the American Dream, but didn't care if his claws left marks.
It's Keaton... who brings the movie home. The flutter of emotions across his face at odd moments in the action happens too quickly to name them all, but the cumulative effect is beyond words.
There's sit back, relax and watch Michael Keaton wreak havoc as Ray Kroc fun to be had with The Founder, but there's also a fascinating and deeply troubling character journey taking place that'll be tough to shake.
'The Founder' shows us why so few people are able or willing to make it big in this world and to be impressed, for better or worse, by those who have.
Gripping film about burger entrepreneur has strong language.
It tells us the story behind a business we all know, or think we know, and gives Michael Keaton one of his best roles ever. Don't miss it.
Ray Kroc wasn't the founder of McDonald's ... But he might have been the founder of a certain kind of mid-20th-century hucksterism that elevated colorful hustlers to profitable positions far above the people who actually do the work of their companies.
"It rather unsettlingly makes us wonder if, in an age where America consumes a lot and doesn't make all that much, Kroc is right when he calls McDonald's "the new American church. And it ain't just open on Sunday, boys.""
At any moment, The Founder can be correctly read as a celebration of American corporate ambition, or as an equally passionate indictment of it.
It's all ripe for standard Hollywood mockery, but director John Lee Hancock doesn't quite play it that way.
You may find your McDonald's burger distasteful for a whole new reason after watching The Founder.
As limp and cold as The Founder is as a movie, it contains one of the finest Keaton performances of his entire career, maybe the one he's been working his whole life toward.
"The Founder" is a bit like McDonald's: it's satisfying, but it leaves you hungry for more.
The Founder showcases a wonderful performance by Michael Keaton, and it is a surprisingly subversive and smart film.
Who knew that milkshakes would loom so large in the story of how McDonald's became the corporate behemoth that it is today?
The Founder represents two hours well-spent, especially for anyone with a fascination for complex characters or an interest in the shenanigans that transformed an unpretentious local restaurant into a global force.
Keaton clearly relishes the chance to play this larger-than-life character, but even he can't overcome Kroc's lack of likability.
Belying its premise, The Founder is a terrific movie offering a surprising amount of fast food for thought.
The Founder" can't decide whether its hero is a good guy who simply sees his main chance and grabs it, or the inherently ruthless -- yet not all that bright -- hustler he reveals himself to be.
Without Michael Keaton's fascinating and slyly ferocious performance as Kroc at its heart, The Founder might still be a biting critique of Kroc in particular and rapacious corporate capitalism in general but it wouldn't be nearly as delicious.
Brightly colored and perversely entertaining ...
The movie becomes just another in a line of age-old tales about a man gaining the world at the cost of his soul.
The Founder is a well-done look at how McDonald's was built and how the American dream can be served with a side of dark humor and reality.
The Founder acts as yet another powerful acting showcase for both Michael Keaton and Nick Offerman, and shines an interesting light into the untold history of one of the world's most iconic corporate institutions.
Neither hatchet job nor panegyric, Hancock's clever film allows viewers to make up their own minds about Ray Kroc, whom Keaton brings vividly to life in a positively protean performance.
The subject here is really the blurred line between entrepreneurship and creativity, and that's just as American as french fries and Coca-Cola.
Keaton is the special sauce in this smart, sharp movie about capitalism and its casualties.
Keaton's performance as Ray is what keeps The Founder moving, his affected accent and aw-shucks demeanor slowly morphing into something more calculating and even, perhaps, sinister.
If there's a lesson to be learned from The Founder, it's that self-inflating guys like Ray Kroc - and Donald Trump by extension - have always been with us, working every angle while promising to make America great.
Kroc comes off as a greedy scoundrel, a bit like the comic hustlers Keaton played in the 80s, and the character's unpleasantness makes this biopic a tough burger to swallow.
The Founder is a compelling story about American inspiration, ambition, and greed, but it's fairly agnostic about the actual product being sold.
It's a great slice of Americana... with Keaton embodying everything admirable and not so admirable and despicable about Ray Kroc's climb to the top of Hamburger Mountain. It's some of Keaton's finest work.
In a way, it celebrates the achievements of a small-time peddler turned empire builder. Watch it differently and it's akin to "The Social Network."
We study Adams, Jefferson, and Hamilton in school. It's time to consider another sort of Founding Father.
Disturbing in such a gradual, incremental way with no catharsis that it's almost a slow-burn horror film. Compelling, yet almost meticulously un-feelgood.
In the end, "The Founder" is little more than a deflating reminder, as if we needed one, that the winner takes all, and integrity isn't always the key to success.
Not just another biopic, "The Founder" is a morality tale that raises provocative questions about consumer culture, its benefits and its consequences. You won't look at a Big Mac the same way again.
Watch Keaton carefully, for his sly performance suggests Kroc realizes exactly what he's doing, and doesn't concern himself with questions of ethics, morality and loyalty.
Keaton does his best to make us care about a blank slate, as do the fine veteran actors around him. But it's hard to swallow the aftertaste of a product so terminally, dispiritingly short on sustenance.
Despite both films being made from bloody meat, The Founder is to Citizen Kane what a 15-cent hamburger is to filet mignon.
How is Michael Keaton's performance as McDonald's self-proclaimed founder Ray Kroc? I gotta say, I'm lovin' it. Keaton makes this electrifying take on the godfather of fast-food resonate for the scary here and now.
"The Founder" examines a kind of bigger-is-better, bullying capitalism that is, for the moment at least, celebrated. That doesn't make it a better movie, but it does make it a timely one.
For this surprisingly hard-edged biopic on the businessman behind McDonald's, Michael Keaton unfurls the black flag of unrepentant capitalism.
"The Founder" is fast food for thought.
"The Founder" gives anyone who has eaten at a McDonald's a few things to think about.
Ray remains an unanswered, not especially compelling, question, but Mr. Keaton comes close to making you believe there's soul to go with the fries and freneticism.
It succeeds most in exploring how business ambitions can ruin craft and ingenuity.
Talk about auspicious timing. This story of how Ray Kroc became the mastermind of the McDonalds empire is distinctive because of its spectacular leading performer and its savvy ironic look at the man he plays.
The details of the story are often fascinating (you'll learn a lot about burger production), and the cast find plenty of moments to shine.
This film's Kroc is basically a shark from the get-go, but Keaton refuses to turn him into a mere villainous caricature. Instead, he locates the authentic striver in Kroc.
A funny and insightful film. The story of how McDonalds became McDONALDS is enough to make you never want to eat at McDonalds again.
...an enormously entertaining film about two essential Americana ingredients: hamburgers and capitalism.
A sly delight, a superbly crafted satire of mercantile, opportunist entrepreneurship, and with it, how the flow of commerce in the United States was compromised in service to scale since the 1950s. Michael Keaton is fully invested in his dynamic star turn
We've got a distinct victor for the title of Trumpiest film of 2017 so far.
This is a thrilling, dynamic, often very funny movie full of fascinating granular detail - a great American story about a great American business.
Hancock swallows Kroc's story whole, seeing it as an inspirational tale of gumption and determination, which makes Keaton's typically nuanced performance increasingly difficult to reconcile with the storytelling.
Is it possible to be ethical and win at business? Were the McDonald brothers too stuck in the past to succeed? These are among the questions you'll ponder after seeing The Founder, a movie that will change the way you see Big Macs.
When cheesy music and sun-dappled shots are applied to a character as Machiavellian as Ray Kroc, the result is a poison pen letter sneaked into the mainstream.
Keaton is fun to watch - fun and a little bit eerie. He plays Ray as all drive and no soul.
Boy, does Keaton's Kroc ever become mean, selfish, small-minded - though he's never less than fascinating.
A generic "rise to the top" story without even the decency to suggest Kroc lost his soul along the way.
Keaton straddles the humble, and then the bastard, Ray Croc, with aplomb. You will end up hating the man.
Robert D. Siegel delivers a meat-and-potatoes screenplay that offers very little nuance and chows down on banner statements that move the story along at a pace akin to an average McDonald's counter.
This admiring, outrageous movie, as phony as the food it glorifies, celebrates Kroc's Trumpness.
Kroc wasn't just a colorful character. He was the symbol of a national shift - from Main Street modesty to Wall Street arrogance. That's worth talking about in depth, and "The Founder" won't.
Rather brilliant and kind of inspiring until it turns frightening and even sinister. A dark tale of the beginning of end-stage capitalism as profit above all.
The Founder unwraps a much darker story than anticipated, as Michael Keaton bites into the cut-throat takeover that granted Ray Kroc and the McDonald's brand its infamous reputation.
The Founder slowly reveals itself as a don't-let-the-devil-into-your-house parable, one that uses all the techniques of inspirational moviemaking to disguise that devil's intentions, even from the devil himself.
The film shows us something about postwar entrepreneurial capitalism, innovation, corporate expansion and intellectual property rights. It even casts an oblique light on the new age of Trump.
The Founder has its flaws - though not as many as its main subject - yet is an insightful look at the history of an iconic institution that doubles as a cautionary tale.
[The] negative view of Ray, very well played by Keaton, does not make for a feel good movie, but it is an interesting look into the history of what became the largest food conveyor in the world.
On one hand, it makes for a rather neat and uncluttered film; on the other, it leaves the door open for a much more barbed or even satirical look at McDonald's that Hancock never explores.
The most lovable Keaton villain since "Beetlejuice."
Slick and slyly sleazy, revealing the Faustian bargain that created one of the world's largest food corporations.
Layer by layer, this dumbfounding movie devises its magical recipe, and dares us to resist it: ketchup, mustard, two slices of pickle, and hold the irony. Delicious.
Keaton perfectly channels his live-wire energy into Kroc, a man who could make the introduction of wax lining into paper cups sound revolutionary while operating on only four hours of sleep.
A movie that, like fast food, faithfully follows a recipe.
"The Founder" is solid moviemaking about the American dream.
First and foremost in this movie is a career-best performance from Michael Keaton as Kroc.
The true story behind the birth of the McDonald's fast food empire is the alluring basis for an absolutely ripping, fact-based yarn that is surely Oscar bound.
An infectiously entertaining performance from Michael Keaton highlights a true-life story about business at its most ruthless and entrepreneurship at its most pure.
Like the product that inspired it, The Founder is tasty enough while it lasts but never quite fills you up.
A compelling (if sometimes slightly underexplained) business procedural, rife with details about franchise laws, handshake agreements, and contract negotiations, plus plenty of the invaluable Michael Keaton.
This only-in-America tale is a cinematic Big Mac of classy, easily digestible entertainment, topped by Michael Keaton's thrilling performance.
Exceptionally well-acted, with a powerhouse performance from Keaton.
A sharp and satisfyingly fat-free account of how a wily salesman took a lucrative Southern California burger joint and turned it into the world's biggest fast-food empire.
Every beat comes straight out of the great-but-complicated-man movie biography playbook.
Michael Keaton's powerful performance in The Founder is marooned in a wishy-washy story.
The Founder is an interesting story that focuses on the wrong person.
Digestible but insubstantial.
[Keaton] holds the whole thing together and sees you (mostly) past the obvious fictionalisation and creeping Americana.
As the titular Founder, Keaton embodies the American dream in all its strengths, shortcomings and contradictions.
Keaton is superb in this role, convincingly repulsive as the conscience-free go-getter who thinks nothing of betraying his professional and personal relationships to get to the top.
It's a bland movie that becomes less great American business saga, more mildly engaging, mildly uncomplimentary Kroc biopic.
Keaton's work is a everything a great performance should be. The way in which he slowly, but surely reveals the abiding genius and greed of Ray Kroc is masterful acting.
We see Ray Kroc behave abominably, but Keaton is so naturally magnetic that the film seems to shrug, "Eh? What are ya gonna do?" rather than provide the gut-punch that this saga merits.
If you have no interest in how McDonald's became something that feeds one per cent of the world each day, there's at least another great Keaton performance to tide you over.
A fascinating study of the man who turned a small-scale hamburger joint into a $62 billion empire.
Michael Keaton slides into the role of Kroc like a greasy weasel, wriggling through the world of business with a slimy smile and a sober slur.
The Founder isn't just about one man's vision, it's also about that gung-ho American ethos that says everything is possible, as long as you're willing to do whatever it takes.
It's the dash of pickle in Robert Siegel's script - a streak of sour, cheek-puckering cynicism amid its warmer, blander conventions - that gives "The Founder" its mojo.
Nicely shot, smartly acted and efficient in its telling.
[The Founder is] at the high end of what is fast becoming a distinguished genre in American movie-making: the forensic corporate drama.
The result is a wishy-washy take on both Kroc and McDonald's itself, which tries to play off its timidity as fairness, balance or some such.
[Hancock has] cast the film with splendid actors who can handle that kind of breezy energy. It's never laugh out loud funny, but we're invited to enjoy Kroc as a rascal, not a villain... almost til the end.
Keaton fully delivers the kind of brio that makes a 52 year-old man hungry - and able - to both see and realise the potential of the courthouse, the flag, and McDonald's as an emblem of booming Main Street, post-War America.
A fascinating story
A ripper of a story in which persistence and determination forge the pathway to success, this is an enthralling film filled with surprises

@highlight

The Founder puts Michael Keaton's magnetic performance at the center of a smart, satisfying biopic that traces the rise of one of America's most influential businessmen -- and the birth of one of its most far-reaching industries.