A lovely example of TV sci-fi doing what it does best, and with an amount of money that no TV sci-fi ever had at its disposal.
. . .it's got plenty of sci-fi soul food including tough-talking space cowboys with marshmallow hearts, blistering boobie babes, sassy sidekicks and blood thirsty savages.
Whedon's years in TV have helped him hone a clean, efficient, entertaining style grounded in character, camaraderie and his trademark dialogue...
After suffering through a summer crammed with TV shows being remade into movies, it's refreshing to see a movie based on a TV show that is so entertaining that it actually makes you want to go and see the show of which the movie was created.
New viewers will be a little bit lost, and old fans won't get quite everything they wanted, but there's enough going on in Serenity and it's all so much fun that it doesn't matter.
In the end you are left with the feeling that Whedon works better on television than in the cinema.
Hardcore fans will undoubtedly be satisfied but its unlikely this will spread much beyond that audience, and even they will find it lacks that human spark and freshness that made the series distinctive and appealing.
For what it is -- viewed as filmmaking in and of itself -- Serenity is tense and smoothly put together.
A magnificent closer to the series, and Whedon shows how much love he has for his fans by giving us a quality finisher...
Joss Whedon makes a rousing feature-directing debut, exploiting the cult status of his short-lived series Firefly to continue it on the big screen.
Firefly finally has the triumphant finale fans longed for: the excitingly tense, often surprising and even more frequently comical Serenity. Fans will rejoice.
The settings and tone are hyper-real, yet the human behaviour is grounded and credible, the moral conflicts complex and involving. Shiny, intelligent fun.
In the context of an action cinema driven by false hope, misogyny and sadism, Serenity is an inspiring respite.
The movie is a sci-fi buccaneer swashbuckler; Whedon hits all the obligatory space-opera notes, and he does it with a degree of verbal wit and agile pacing that could teach George Lucas a thing or two.
Go out and see Joss Whedon's witty whizbang of an action movie, or we will kill a kitten.
Has a simultaneously sprawling yet intimate quality.
If you're a novice, this is a plucky introduction to Whedon's world and the most fun sci-fi of the year. If you're a devotee, this is the magnificent return you've been praying for.
I personally didn't care when anyone died, I was bored for most of the way, wasn't impressed by its few action scenes.
It has everything the TV series possessed, but also manages to elevate the tension to the next level.
Any fan of Sci-Fi should enjoy this one. It's a bit too gory for the little people,but older kids and the parents, should have a blast.
A sci-fi/western blend that does its progenitor proud.
Serenity pulls off more honestly thrilling action with a fraction of Lucas' average budget.
Those familiar with the series will be quite pleased that there were some interesting ideas behind the fun adventures. It was a pleasure to see what was really happening and also to return to the characters of the series. But objectively I cannot recommen
"Serenity now!"
...a treat for the eyes, but taxing on the brain. It's often a challenge for newcomers to navigate Whedon's fantasy world, with only modest payoffs for such an effort.
Having my daughter's diaper explode all over the place before the movie was far more appealing.
The movie's space battle...have a swiftness, an electricity and, most importantly, a clarity lacking in the works of other so-called sci-fi masters.
Serenity isn't exactly what you'd call sci-fi based on ideas, but it is a delightful, infectious blend of pulp Westerns, Star Trek, Star Wars and even samurai films.
A science fiction movie for adults.
Writer-director Joss Whedon resurrects a TV series one network canceled and no other wanted with sass and style.
The film has most of the qualities that made the show so wonderful, including the most important one: the feeling that it's not enough.
You don't have to have seen the show to enjoy the film (although we do recommend you go out and buy the DVD set of Firefly because it's bogglingly good).
Tons of genuine sci-fi fun thanks to the movie's sarcastic humour, well-drawn characters and action thrills that get started right off in a sensational prologue.
Said Joss Whedon: "One time my cat spit up and Universal bought the treatment. They'd film the phone book if only they could find the action sequence."
A television-sized adventure populated by thinly constructed sidekicks and a hero suffering from Han Solo envy.
... as the story continued, and the layers of character developed, and the action heated up, the gang from the spaceship Serenity found a place in my sci-fi loving heart ...
I have no basis from which to judge [Firefly's] big-screen incarnation Serenity except as a stand-alone movie, and in that respect it works quite well.
A...visually captivating, and darkly mirthful Robert Heinlein-esque episodic trail of picaresque delights.
Serenity is damned entertaining and packed to the gills with instantly engaging characters.
Whedon should chill the **** out on the verbiage, but his direction isn't bad at all.
Serenity should not be missed. If you plan on missing it you best get a foot ready, 'cuz you're going to be kicking yourself when you find out what you've been missing.
An astonishing blend of action, comedy and drama, this sci-fi-western-mystery-thriller-adventure hybrid puts nearly every other big studio thrill ride - save Christopher Nolan's Batman Begins - to shame.
A gently intelligent action sci-fi with wit, drama, and emotion to spare, this is the blockbuster you've been waiting for all year.
Effectively a Western in space, Serenity is a thoroughly entertaining, smartly written, beautifully acted, rip-roaring action-adventure movie, that will appeal to both Firefly fans and newcomers alike.
TV's sci-fi Firefly goes down in flames, despite the return of the original cast and Whedon's retro-arcane dialogue.
A good-natured, multi-leveled space opera that earns more big-screen voyages.
I don't remember the last time I just sat and enjoyed the ride of a terrific movie.
Serenity blasts George Lucas’s recent prequels into the ether thanks to some rip-roaring action scenes and a knack of not taking itself too seriously.
This near-future Western from Buffy creator Joss Whedon is a big, bold, B-movie piece of entertainment.
Fun to watch but you do feel like you have entered the movie half way through.
A sci-fi powerhouse, "Serenity" is designed to exist on its own terms, which it does, without apology. And that's a good thing.
There was a great deal of potential in the premise and, in many ways, the big screen turns out to be a more suitable home for Serenity (née Firefly) anyway.
The film's strength is compelling character relationships and Whedon's trademark dialogue...
The effect for the uninitiated is like being the only stranger at a party otherwise of old friends, who can converse in shorthand incomprehensible to the outsider.
Has a certain audacity that's the product of Whedon, sure, but it also betrays a sense of "I told you so".
All I can say is that I really enjoyed Serenity, and I plan on getting my hands on that "Firefly" DVD to see what I missed.
... for fans of the series and the closure it deserved...
Serenity is exciting. It moves at a brisk pace, and (Joss) Whedon has a wonderful ear for dialogue ...
This is about on par with the best Star Trek movies.
This is the film that the last three "Star Wars" sequels should have been.
It has a great sense of humor about it, an attractive cast and it's just a lot of fun.
Whedon figures, probably correctly, that fans of "Firefly" don't need detailed introductions to the regular characters. The rest of us do.
... Creates a fully-formed universe, one that almost feels like it could be plausible in 500 years.
Whedon's clout has given the artist some cache to turn his failed boob tube opus into a wondrous and wild sci-fi adventure on the big screen...an exuberant space opera.
Serenity is swash buckling good fun. It smartly understands that its audience wants a mix of corny belly-laughs and hard-core comic book style violence.
Evinces the kind of swashbuckling bonhomie that made so many of us fall in love with the original Star Wars films, a love that was mightily tested by George Lucas' humorless prequels.
Han Solo? Your ship has flown. Indiana Jones? Move over. Captain Malcolm Reynolds is the big screen's most engaging and heroic rogue in decades.
It's a cult-film venture, with its own built-in geek fan base.
A love letter to Firefly fans, an open invitation to everyone else
The funny, adventurous Serenity proves there is life after cancellation.
We get to see some nifty special effects fighting scenes and stuff blow up gratuitously. What more do we want?
A hipper, funnier, action-packed throwback to the original Star Wars.
There's no denying Whedon's talent for dialogue, and for once, it feels less like scripted dialogue and more like real conversation.
If you can grasp the gist of Firefly's intricate political machinations, then the flight's somewhat enjoyable.
Taut, immersive, and alternately hilarious and heartbreaking, a well-balanced blend of whooping Wild West action and space opera.
Serenity isn't about effects. It's about narrative and characters, and it does a solid job in both areas.
Half a millennium after Neil Armstrong's one small step for mankind and we're back in the saddle again.
The movie is driven by slyly clever dialogue loaded with sneaky character insights.
Fans get priority seating on the ride, but there's plenty of room for rookies to clamber aboard.
For me, watching Serenity was like watching the sequel to a movie I missed.
A boisterous, semi-comic action thriller.
This genre picture is still a thrillingly original science fiction creation.
From a daytime firefight to an emphasis on hand-to-hand combat, the picture is winningly straightforward.
Loyal fans may enjoy the temporary reprieve - - but I doubt any others will be won over.
Serenity lives by its wits rather than special effects.
Serenity is ultimately too insular to have mass appeal.
It would make a cute TV show.
...fan-boy membership isn't necessary to enjoy the picture's smart handling of `Star Trek' conventions.
The powers that be in Serenity are looking to run the 'verse.
If you think the Star Wars prequels are a disease, then Serenity is the cure.
Serenity is so like TV that it ought to come with a clicker so we can switch over to the next movie at the multiplex.
As always, Whedon's sci-fi fantasies smartly parallel the serious issues we're grappling with here on Earth, while his protagonists remain mordantly funny in the face of utter disaster.
The Serenity itself is a low-tech Millennium Falcon-type scow, losing parts on its way to another hard landing, and the film's effects are modest yet effective.
If you've never seen Firefly, you'll be lost... really, really lost.
A lot more sweaty fun than the last three overhyped, sterile, for-dorks-only Star Wars cartoons.
Whedon knows that he's blazing down a well-worn trail, but he addresses that by deftly adding elements of humor, action, romance and horror and continually confounding audience expectations.
Serenity is another superior, smart genre item.
The best summer thrill ride since Batman Begins, Serenity roars in a late but mighty welcome considering this year's sub-fun slate.
Part of the kick to Serenity is watching the filmmaker expertly play with moods as he hyphenates the western and sci-fi genres.
If you want to take a trip to the stars, this is the rocket to ride.
I mean Serenity no disrespect when I say it's enjoyably junky.
Most of Serenity is talk, and thankfully, it is pretty great.
This material cobbles together elements of Westerns, space epics, new-age mysticism and even zombie-horror films. And it's to the credit of screenwriter/director Joss Whedon that it all feels cohesive, coherent and believable.
The movie runs on the fuel of sly intelligence, not to mention a healthy skepticism about mankind's ability to achieve anything that might be called progress.
A space spectacle resonant with witty dialogue, accessible characters and kaleidoscopic action.
Serenity is a trim little picture of epic proportions.
He's [Joss Whedon] interested in relationships, and he makes the smart choice to create drama through character development rather than action.
While treating his subject matter with the utmost respect, Whedon also infuses it with his trademark off-kilter wit.
After an hour of intense disorientation, the movie's arch sarcasm becomes oddly entertaining.
This movie is fast-paced with lots of kick-*** action and cool special effects, plus they toss around witty banter and one-liners as easily as they throw punches.
As joyless, lurching, and filled with dull exposition as the TV show was giddy, fleet-footed, and packed with lively conversation.
Just when you think Whedon has fallen into the generic action film void, he injects Serenity with a dose of feeling...
Whether this is your first trip or you're a charter passenger, Serenity is a wild ride -- and, if things work out, not the last.
Demonstrates that the best pop storytellers if not the best 'artists' in filmed entertainment these days are working in television.
Though the movie seems built to launch an ongoing franchise, Whedon avoids bowing to the status quo, daringly taking his story in uncompromising directions.
If you're familiar with the "Firefly" characters, you'll enjoy the episodic action far more than those who aren't.
Whedon's smart, densely plotted, fast-paced story provides ample opportunities for characterization, revealing the pain beneath the characters' defensive humor.
It's clunky and has too many spare parts, but it gets the job done.
a decent sci-fi'er more interesting for its characters than its plot...shows its roots in television from its visual composition to some cheesy effects
Even if you aren't one of the 'Firefly' faithful, Serenity will give you some insight into why other people are.
If you want to know what a good science fiction movie is like, go see Serenity.
The entire cast from the series appears in the film, and at least a few seem poised for breakout status, especially Nathan Fillion.
It's equal parts deadly action, deadpan comedy and knotty mystery.
An exciting, thoughtful big-screen adventure that employs most of the same characters and actors as the television series.
The Serenity crew's chemistry isn't enough to take this spaceship into the stratosphere, and Whedon unleashes his most provocative ideas too late in the proceedings.
Ultimately, I think SERENITY will appeal most directly to those who are already converted.
Even if certain elements of the movie seemed familiar individually, the whole of the enterprise feels different. It's a different voice and approach, and different is good.
Completely fresh, perhaps the best sci-fi film this year, and one of the better ones of any genre.
...giving a much-needed shot in the arm to a genre that's become so pompous and full of itself that it wasn't any fun anymore.
An amiable B-level spinoff of a cult sci-fi series whose reach clearly exceeds its grasp.
The end result is a decent adaptation that's clearly been designed to appeal solely to hardcore fans of the show...
Captures the spirit of the series while jumping ahead with some unyielding visions of the future which have just as much relevance today.
If it's successful, Serenity will be taken as a singular achievement, one worth emulating for small screen auteurs and big screen marketing departments alike.
Like watching the original Star Wars for the first time, or better yet, watching The Empire Strikes Back... Mal is a guy who would shoot Greedo first.
Can proudly be placed alongside "The Empire Strikes Back" and "Blade Runner" as one of the best science-fiction movies of modern cinema.
I can't believe I am saying this, but I think Serenity could be the new Star Wars.
If you weren't into Firefly before, Serenity gives no decent excuse to start now.
While movies like I Robot are aimed at the brainless summer crowd. Serenity is designed for basement dwelling geeks just aching to find meaning in the mythos.
shows the limitations of the small-screen form
The film is teeming with an overwhelming amount of integrity, heart, soul, and some of the best written characters to invade genre fiction in quite some time.
Serenity is first and foremost a movie that will fulfill the hopes and dreams of each and every Firefly fan.
Though diehard fans probably will take issue, Serenity is mostly sci-fi silliness attempting to be something more substantive.
Confusing panache and show-off dialogue slows the blastoff, but this escapist journey turns into high adventure with a rather special style.
an action-packed thriller with a sense of humor, several ingenious ideas and a few startling scares... full of genre-bending fun and pop-culture trivia...
Joss Whedon's unassuming science-fiction adventure is superior in almost every respect to George Lucas's aggressively more ambitious screen entertainments.
Good as a season finale, shaky as a stand-alone movie.
Whedon's direction is no letdown.
A kicky mix of space-movie mayhem and cowboy-movie corn.
The action sequences, it must be said, are intense, and the film is fun, if you can swallow all the hokum.
Whedon's six-gun space oddity comes recommended, but you may want to brush up on the series before venturing into the theater.
A good old-fashioned space opera.
The cast, a handful of sarcastic, working-stiff interstellar outlaws, is a magnetic bunch, turning the clichés of sci-fi adventure inside out.
A likeable cast with crackling chemistry, plus genre mash-ups, tough/clever wisecracks, and expert seasoning of action with humor and humor with action.
Serenity flies with sass and spirit, qualities that have been in palpably short supply in that Star Wars series since, well, Star Wars.
Serenity is a brash, funny, action-packed bit of sci-fi ecstasy.
In its own unassuming, self-effacing way, Serenity is the epic sci-fi adventure that the latter years of Star Wars could only dream of being.
It's the zippy chatter among the Serenity's wised-up space pirates that gives the film most of its punch, but with only serviceable action sequences and largely cookie-cutter effects, you can still sense the void just outside.
While the well-intentioned Serenity likely won't achieve the revered status of Star Wars, at least it's no Episode 1.
Serenity is made of dubious but energetic special effects, breathless velocity, much imagination, some sly verbal wit and a little political satire.
Whedon works plenty of smart pop-culture references into his genre-jumping script.
Highly recommendable, especially for fans of Firefly.
A perfectly acceptable elongated episode of a television series projected onto a screen several sizes too large for it...more pretender than real contender.
Serenity is going to have a hard time finding that right niche audience - outside of already existing Whedon/Firefly fans.
A lively and clever sci-fi feature with colorful characters and a villain that is far more than the usual cardboard cutout.
[T]otal-immersion science fiction... we are hip-deep in this sprawling, interplanetary society...
The cleverest, crankiest, wittiest, wildest, and most character-driven sci-fi adventure in 25 years; it's the best outer-space trip I've been on since the empire struck back.
Although watching the movie feels like tuning into a TV program just in time for the series finale --which, um, it sort of is-- this Serenity is decent stuff.
Watching Serenity is like starting at the 84th episode of a convoluted and silly sci-fi soap opera.
Folks looking for just a sci-fi film will be wonderfully surprised by Whedon's whip crack dialogue and hardcore fans will be just happy to see these people back.
Serenity, despite its simple chase plot and elegant narrative ductwork, is unmistakably a TV season's worth of roller-coastering drama, most of it balanced on the capable shoulders of Fillion, a natural leading man.
Leaps well beyond the rather humble bonds of a mediocre cancelled TV show into the realm of amazing, adventure filmmaking.
...a by-the-numbers tale that will have a great following by its ready-made fan base
Whedon, who always delights in blending genres and tones, has assembled his most frantically disparate collection of pop culture quotations, boldly and cleverly going where plenty have gone before.
Horrible.
A nice gift for Firefly fans, but not quite as good for the rest of us.
Good old-fashioned entertainment that delivers primarily through its storyline, it's a bit like Star Wars with a dash of Indiana Jones-style action.
One of the most satisfying action movies in a long, long time.
As with the rest of Whedon's work the strength of Serenity is its characters and their conflicting and tempestuous relationships and Whedon's trademark juxtaposition of (often very broad) comedy and the darkest of situations.
This is UPN-style storytelling and aesthetics trying to pass as serious filmmaking.
is transmuted . . .intact to the big screen with creator Joss Whedon at the controls, the original cast in place, and all of them in perfect form.
An A-grade experience. The writing is impeccable, the chemistry among the cast is fantastic, the performances are great, and the action is non-stop!
Bounces around to sometimes memorable effect but rarely soars.


@highlight

Snappy dialogue and goofy characters make this Wild Wild West soap opera in space fun and adventurous.