Layer Cake features all the doublecrosses, grasses and reversals of fortune that come as standard to the genre, but it is lifted by the uniformly excellent cast, the snide intelligence of the script, and the effortless pace of Vaughn's direction.
Drugs are the raison d'etre for this stylish caper, the rocket fuel that makes it all, go dog go, and style can take you a long way. Just not all the way, unfortunately.
A heavyweight gangster picture worthy of being included in with the greats.
Only the accents are thicker than double-crosses in a thriller that's stylish and sleek - note lyrically appropriate use of Duran Duran's "Ordinary World" in one sequence - but also assuredly delirious, ethically hefty and unpredictably treacherous.
"Layer Cake" is a stylized British noir full of clever twists, biting dialogue, and plenty of ironic violence.
A história bem amarrada é beneficiada ainda pelo senso de humor seco e eficaz, ao passo que o elenco confere charme a um bando de personagens inescrupulosos e a direção de Vaughn, associada à inventiva montagem, torna o filme sempre instigante.
There's a proper lived-in believability about Layer Cake's depiction of how the worlds of the rich, the criminal and the criminally rich intersect.
[A] fun, snappy crime caper that begins with a wryly understated take on the "one-last-job-and-I'm-out" subgenre.
Intense story about low-level organized crime figures embroiled in a deadly conspiracy.
protagonist's narration puts the film's complex plot into much broader economic, political and cultural context.
A smart thrill ride with one magnificent finish.
Fun stuff indeed, even if you might need the subtitles to help decipher all the Britspeak.
It does nothing revolutionary, but it handles the basics with entertaining aplomb.
Just following what is going on is a big job, but the film has its rewards.
Clean, crisp and gratifying, you'd be hard pressed to find a better British film this year.
Layer Cake is not the most original or memorable picture in the world, but it's a great calling card for Vaughn.
This is one of the few movies for which I can't tell you the name of the "hero."
It's nothing we haven't seen before, but Vaughn invests it with enough style and energy to make it worth the trip.
I like Layer Cake a lot.
...a delicious crime melodrama, with colorful characters, lots of action and violence, double and triple crosses, and a few fresh surprises of its own.
...Michael Vaughn, has cooked up a tasty treat in his directorial debut, somewhere between Mike Hodges' cool and Guy Ritchie's out-of-control Smoking Barrels.
It's occasionally taut and clever enough to hold audience attention, but ultimately has little substance to accompany its cool exterior.
Crime caper in the style of Guy Ritchie, but better.
Nimbly dances through a handful of plot twists as we track who set up whom, and who hired whom to whack whom.
It's not a Tarantino-esque self-aware pop-culture sideshow, but it knows its roots and is confident enough to sidestep the rules once in a while.
It's a little bleak, a little twisted, a little gory, and a lot funny.
The film is lamentably short of narrative coherence.
There's an air of menace about even the most cheerful characters and a sense of dread in every undertaking -- it's quite wonderful, really.
The intricate thing dodges and feints and twists this way and turns that way until, by the time of the alleged resolution, we've lost our bearings completely.
Yet another solid British crime drama...
...a flat riff on a tired genre.
A great ride, full of menace and sharp dialogue and colorful gangster characters with names like Crazy Larry, The Duke and the inaccurately-named Mr. Lucky.
For those who like their gangster flicks on the mean, darkly humorous side, this is the goods.
A contemporary gangster film that both looks and feels like a Britnoir classic filtered through the Jam's bang-on sense of style.
Pointless and tasteless[!]
A smooth London lowlife discovers it's not quite as easy getting out of trouble as it is getting in.
Full of quirky types who populate Guy Ritchie movies but set forth with more clarity and higher style.
Marks an impressive directing debut by Matthew Vaughn, Guy Ritchie's producer on Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels and Snatch.
Craig makes an amiable anti-hero with vague echoes of Steve McQueen. He's a guy we root for, even though we know he won't be able to cut that layer cake without spilling crumbs.
It's almost too much to follow, but the style, proven by Ritchie time and again, is irresistible.
An entertaining Brit gangster flick with absolutely no soul but plenty of style.
All of the nastiness here gets a little tiresome after awhile, as do the attempts to glamorize the drug trade.
It's not that Vaughn bites off more than he can chew. It's that we've seen these unsavory characters so many times before that they've gone stale.
Scripted by J.J. Connolly from his own novel, which may be why the film emphasizes double-crosses and conspiracies over the old ultraviolence.
British actor Daniel Craig... is the latest name rumored to play James Bond - and this smart gangland thriller could be his audition tape.
...a memorable and sympathetic protagonist ...Daniel Craig with a note of cool humility Steve McQueen made a career of sounding.
(Daniel) Craig, an actor who'll be noticed whether or not he slips on Bond's tuxedo, continues to reveal a different side of himself in every role.
Feels half-baked.
When the film succeeds, it does so on Vaughn's command of the visuals and Craig's subdued, steely performance.
It has more heft than the Ritchie movies.
A masterly, intricately plotted crime story.
Has enough role reversals and big reveals to keep any audience guessing.
Nothing sweet here, and a stale crumpet and bad tea don't sound so bad right about now, because anything tastes better than a mouthful of hot lead.
If XXXX were not Daniel Craig, the film's clever plotting and imaging would overwhelm him.
It's a stylish and classic gangster saga about the clashing of rival empires, where the only thing worse than the killer before you is the killer waiting behind him.
An exercise in high style, high octane and low-key suaveness.
The film's a diverting enough 105 minutes, with a few surprises in store.
Layer Cake may leave you with the feeling that you got dessert but missed the meal.
A passingly entertaining film that's so crowded, confused and busy that it flits from your mind as quickly as one of the director's fidgety jump cuts.
A gangster film, despite what its title suggests, that ranks with the best of the genre.
Bloody good fun a great deal of the time. Love the accents. Love the guns. Bang-bang.
May be a worthy successor to a busy genre, but it is not an inventive inheritor.
[H]as been put together with a great deal of cleverness, and it slams along at a bracing clip ... a fast, compact and madly complicated criminal adventure.
As good as the story and direction may be, much of the film's success is up to Daniel Craig.
An appropriately hard-boiled quality runs through the movie, and the cast (from top to bottom) brings its best, putting the frosting on this nasty bit of Layer Cake.
The first half of the film is slow and sloppy and it really only gathers dramatic tension in the last hour.
Layer Cake has sizzle, but it also offers plenty of steak.
Don't expect Layer Cake to add any new layers to the overstuffed genre of British gangster movies.
In the end, Layer Cake serves up the just desserts.
Proudly retro ... serves as a sharp reminder of the gory glory days.
It's nice to look at, but lacks a sense of purpose.
Like The Sopranos, Layer Cake presents the criminal underworld as a tiring, middle-management nightmare.
Layer Cake is a solid entry into the British gangster film genre.
Everyone is believable, sometimes frighteningly so.
A stylish, dynamic thicket of thorny underworld twists and deceptions.
The special appeal of Layer Cake derives from its efficient, gripping story and from the personality of the unnamed protagonist.
A virile British bounce off the Quentin Tarantino and Spike Lee films and some hyper-hip TV shows.
It's hard to remember an American gangster film that has been as brazenly entertaining as Layer Cake.
Features a plot anyone over 16 has seen at least a dozen times, with slick but completely unoriginal directing by Matthew Vaughn.
A propulsive drug-world movie that dutifully covers similar ground in and around London: guns, chicks, inventive use of the F word, expensive-looking locations, designer stuff, and so on.
Craig is fascinating here as a criminal who is very smart, and finds that is not an advantage because while you might be able to figure out what another smart person is about to do, dumbos like the men he works for are likely to do anything.
A stylishly dark, occasionally funny UK gangster film in the tradition of John Mackenzie's The Long Good Friday and Peter Medak's The Krays.
Gets by courtesy of a fierce, wounded performance by Craig, whose icy blue eyes and serene pragmatism offer a convincing ballast to Layer Cake's pop violence.
A corrosive confection of style and bile, its gleaming, butter cream-frosted contours not really concealing the crumbs who have curdled British society with their drugs.
[Craig] is a great anti-hero, tough yet vulnerable, conflicted and amused, sincere and scared, without a hint of any of it on his sleeve.
A snap, crackle, pop mobster classic.
Half-baked--astronomically high in cinematic calories but very low in nutritional value.
Though style ultimately outweighs substance, the film is formidably entertaining.
As choices for a night's entertainment, well, you'd do better with a pint of Bass.
The extra attention the film demands will be richly rewarded--especially with lead Daniel Craig's hilarious, and genuinely cool perfromance.
Leanly muscled British actor Daniel Craig gives a star-making performance in Layer Cake, the latest in the recent wave of stylish and ultra-violent gangster films from across the pond.
Layer Cake is laced with flashbacks and stylistic tics, but it never loses its forward momentum, and to the last shot, it avoids predictability.
Vaughn's film falls short of Goodfellas, but thanks to his ability to organize a complex story and bold, color-drenched photography by Ben Davis, Layer Cake is a cocked fist of a movie, impossible to ignore.
Layer Cake doesn't offer much that we haven't seen before.
There's plenty to enjoy with this piece of Cake.
The cast is uniformly good...but Vaughn is much too enamored of trick transitions
a real movie rush, giving you such an adrenalin high that it feels like it should be illegal.
Infused with a healthy dose of nastiness and post-modern irony.
Layer Cake is a fabulous movie about the underworld we only want to visit on film.
This is one of those movies in which you simply pluck out what there is to entertain you and forget about the rest.
It doesn't seem to be making any point other than 'that's how we do violence in hip crime movies now.'
What sets Layer Cake apart from the usual 'Just when I thought that I was out they pull me back in' films is a stunningly suave performance by Craig, a top-drawer supporting cast and a dynamic directing debut by producer Matthew Vaughn.
The newest in British gangland entertainment and the tastiest in years.
With Daniel Craig channeling Steve McQueen as if he had a sense of humor...Vaughn's film is slightly cheeky even though the action is dense and often gruesome.
Like just about every British crime picture of the last decade, it's stacked with gentlemen gangsters in Saville Row suits, blockheaded yobs with names like Kinky, Tiptoes and the Duke, and a disposable caper scenario.
The most crackerjack entertainment I've seen so far this year.
A complex and intriguing crime drama that gets deep into the world of drug trafficking
What's abundantly clear is how far this kind of moviemaking has come from any knowledge of real criminal life; it's a geek's ineffectual daydream of mayhem.
This isn't the real British underworld, and it's not supposed to be. This is a highly stylized and ultra-hip British underworld - and it's entertaining as hell.
Confusing...befuddling...too long. With a different script and a different director this might have worked...But, then, that would have been a completely different movie.
Craig scores, but difficult accents plus uneven cutting are as deadly as the drug trade.
More complex and intriguing than most American crime films, Layer Cake benefits from Daniel Craig's lead performance, which compensates for shortcomings in the direction.
Although ultimately no less artificial than hyperactive laddie gangster flicks like Snatch ... just an uncommonly good one.
Mayhem and drugs but with a lot more sty le than 'State Property II."
Matthew Vaughn's confident debut's reserved pace and composed nastiness lends the action a matter-of-fact menace.
Nice look, but there's more promise than delivered goods.
a must for those who like their tough talk delivered with an English accent
Layer Cake always pulls itself up by its bootsraps whenever its energy threatens to flag.
Pulses with nasty thugs, cold-blooded crime lords, drug traffickers, blond seductresses, and a thumping suspense that can lead to head-cracking violence.
An overeager debutant director who wants a quick jump to Hollywood.
Fast paced and complex, Layer Cake rewards those who pay attention.
The film's style ... makes up for its difficult story.
It's a testament to the subdued style, the witty script and the colorful (but not too colorful) characters that we don't even realize the entire story is built on a cliché.
The [crap] may be out of control, but director Matthew Vaughn is firmly in it.
An unusual crime thriller that feeds us the dynamic, edgy, and cataclysmic storyline that we hunger for.
Craig proves that he's got the strength, sophistication and brawny sex appeal to carry 007's license to kill, if only Hollywood would consider the fair-haired hunk.
As a whole, it just seems like we've seen it all before.
It's slickly shot and enjoyable.
While it's visually striking, with superior acting, it's also cluttered with a bewildering collection of characters and plot threads.
Smartly put together, with interesting characters and caustic wit.









@highlight

A stylized, electric British crime thriller.