... bittersweet humor, with a history of family secrets... [Full review in Spanish]
It's very easy to imagine the story on stage, but the transition to film maintains a powerful degree of intimacy.
Smith and Scott Thomas fare better than Kline, who is too eager to force his own rubbery comic personality through his character's considerable flaws. He's also terrible at drunk acting.
The plot thread that entangles all these people and places may not be entirely unexpected, but it's all handled with enough sensitivity and panache to keep us engaged.
It's a big ask for these characters to unburden themselves from years of emotional baggage with a balance of humour and pathos, but the classy cast get pretty close to pulling it off.
I'd praise Horovitz for going the darker route if My Old Lady wasn't so wrenchingly obvious and Kevin Kline's character wasn't so venal and cruel.
A movie chock full of cliches, very predictable ones, although undeniably entertaining. [Full Review in Spanish]
I needed a little something to lift my spirits, and I found "My Old Lady" did the trick.
Kline and Smith have some nice moments together, even if the transition from breezy comedy into more serious drama is clumsy.
Just when you think the story is going to proceed on a well-worn, cosily romantic track, its characters unpack their emotional baggage, revealing unexpected depths of hurt and taking the film into bittersweet dramatic territory.
It's solidly predictable and somewhat grating, only partially redeemed by a reliably watchable cast.
As we learn more about the tormented family backgrounds, broken love affairs and suicide attempts of the protagonists, the film begins to sag under the weight of its characters' mounting self-pity.
This is sensible, straightforward mature-age viewing, devoid of dumb jokes, cheap thrills or goofy gimmicks.
Having Maggie Smith on screen is like biting into a crisp, slightly sour apple. Even when she is playing a woman in her nineties, quilted with wrinkles, the interior is deliciously tart.
A bitterly funny pas de trois character dramedy performed by three compulsively watchable actors.
Every threat of sentimentality and melodrama is averted by a seriously strong cast working from a snappy script.
Skeletons tumble out of the closet in rather a clumsy fashion, so it's just as well that Horovitz has managed to attract a refined cast who are able to put some meat on those old bones.
Smith's great gift is that she doesn't telegraph anything.
Like discovering the Best Exotic Marigold Hotel was built on a graveyard, it'll take most old ladies to a much darker place than they were expecting.
A soft-centred piece of movie confectionery, not without charm.
My Old Lady may be a little too neat and tidy, a little sentimental and soft-centred but it is also very, very enjoyable.
Playing away from the strengths of its experience cast, this is muddled and charmless.
There can be great pleasure in seeing egos pricked and lessons learned in this kind of tightly wound chamber piece, but only when there's a sense things could have turned out otherwise.
Genuinely encouraging and indulging in parts ... It is the change in tonal direction that feels disconcerting and difficult to reconcile, however, great the performances achieved are.
It's too twee and theatrical to take seriously.
A slice of wry, witty, adult-oriented melodrama, acted with aplomb.
My Old Lady leans heavily on the relationship between parents and children, and emphasises the damaging impact of parental absence, distance and disapproval. Yet it also suggests that there are still possibilities for change, however unlikely.
Despite all of the compelling elements, Horovitz never finds a way for us to jump all the hurdles that he creates.
Offering much more than imaginable at first glance, this is a sophisticated and satisfying film, directed with great sensitivity
A film so stuffy and slow-moving that it makes its geriatric headliner look positively spritely by comparison.
My Old Lady doesn't break any new ground and sometimes feels too much like a play, but its actors help smooth over some of its more predictable patches with their estimable charm.
Kline's prickly character is hard to warm to, but his bumbling hides a spirit broken by life, and it's a credit to Kline's performance that you string along hoping he'll find a way to mend.
While the blocking and pacing sometimes betray its theatrical origins, it's still an enjoyable romp.
My Old Lady feels as stubbornly stuck in that expansive and underlit apartment as Madame Girard herself, and you may find yourself bolting for a lungful of relief.
One minute we're chuckling along with a broadly comic setup; the next, characters are talking about suicide.
How relevant or relatable viewers will find all this is questionable, but fans of the actors will take true pleasure in their tart verbal sparring...
Kline, Smith and Thomas all do solid work with both comedy and drama, but the movie fails to make either mode entirely convincing.
There's a potentially compelling movie here about the price that children pay-over entire lifetimes-for their parents' selfish indulgences, but it winds up smothered in feel-good cuteness.
garbage that people will patronize and excuse
A cross-cultural, comedic drama that should appeal to art house and older audiences.
One thing Israel Horovitz got very right: the cast.
Some fairly predictable stuff comes to light, but these reliable performers' clear relish elevates the material.
Kline's character is an alcoholic and not exactly lovable, but we come to empathize. Smith, the grande dame of British theater and film, is wickedly wry and quick.
Just when you've recalibrated your emotional receptors ... the movie shifts back again to whimsy, where it probably should have stayed all along.
Thanks to the efforts of a superlative cast, the slight piece comes across as a charming mixture of comedy and drama.
Truthfully, I'd vote for a new title, but since that opportunity is now gone, it's best to remind potential ticket-buyers to bring down farcical expectations and prepare for something with more substance.
Instead of a brittle bite into a fresh lemon tart, you get the labored chew on a stale croissant.
What starts as an elaborate sitcom becomes an emotionally substantial tragicomedy.
The story's power lies in the clutter and dimness of the apartment and the acrid-but-civilized conversations that arise when the dust is disturbed.
Horovitz may have made a questionable decision in adapting this particular play for the screen, but his casting was flawless.
If sad, fearful adult lives wrecked by depression, divorce, disappointment, adultery, addiction and family dysfunction are your thing, "My Old Lady" is pour vous.
One finds oneself wishing to spend many a dinner with Smith and Kline as conversation partners, as their banter is both humorous and razor-edged.
Kline has fun with the role, but the plot's dark turn and heavy-handed message make "My Old Lady" more bitter than sweet.
If My Old Lady does not always succeed dramatically, it's still a superb vehicle for its actors.
Despite a few neat bouts of speechifying... largely inert, the kind of clunky bunkum that's "theatrical" in the most hands-around-the-throat fashion. You won't want to reach for negative superlatives, only the satisfying affirmation of the remote.
The expected twinkle never really leaves "My Old Lady," but it certainly goes through some rough times along the way. And the film is all the more interesting as a result.
An unabashedly old-fashioned crowd-pleaser that adroitly mixes comedy, gravitas, star turns and musical serendipity.
In Horovitz's world, redemption and forgiveness come about too quickly, but so much of his dialogue really sings in the hands of Smith and Kline.
This is Mathias' story through and through, and it's hard not to wonder why we should even care in the first place.
Horowitz does a smooth job of keeping the action focused without seeming stagebound -- bringing the streets and lights of Paris into the picture certainly helps -- and the performers make the best of their best lines.
"My Old Lady" is affecting, even if many of the revelations and high-voltage speeches occur at predictable moments. But if you can look past this formulaic side, it's a movie worth seeing.
This is a promising premise and the cast is certainly game. But it's as if the actors are emoting into a canyon - or, more accurately, a narrow hallway.
When it's just [the three leads] chatting away, it doesn't matter what beneath-them silliness they're forced to go through.
The setup might seem familiar and charming, but this film's payoffs come from unexpected places and require an audience's willingness to travel down some dark and rocky paths.
A very enjoyable, soft-centred tale of guilty secrets, hidden lives and family ghosts.
What ultimately gives My Old Lady its structure and heft are the moments when two of the actors get stuck in a room together, and let the dialogue fly.
A well-acted psychological drama revolving around a homeless American, an aged bohemian, and her angry daughter.
People who complain about the absence of genuine adult drama from cinema screens have an opportunity to put their monies where there mouths are here.
Just like Kevin Kline's recent 'The Last of Robin Hood,' this well-made dramedy boasts a perfect acting trifecta.
Not objectionable but nowhere near the magic spell that such a promising cast ought to have been enabled to cast.
"My Old Lady" certainly has satisfactions, but they are incomplete ones.
The performances go a long way toward camouflaging the screenplay's clunky mechanics. Mr. Kline's performance, in particular, infuses a story of father-son strife with emotional heat.
Anyone who's not profiting directly from this arrangement won't want to stick around to hash out the details.
While it may sound tantalizing or intriguing, "My Old Lady" unfortunately never picks up the momentum required from a movie that spends most of its time swirling around three characters.
Exploration of lasting impact of mothers and fathers who selfishly put desires over children produces a satisfying result. . .until romantic lives get tangled too familiar.
The dramatic heft may feel a little light to some viewers but it is still hugely engaging and perceptive about the way one person can have a very different identity and presence in the lives of everyone close to them.
Appealing performances and an engaging premise, not to mention Paris looking its most glorious, are assets here, but too much gloom in the final act brings the party down.
Israel Horovitz's film is basically a three-character play without a single character you can believe in.
Perfectly cast, it's a comedy of confessional monologues and overheard conversations, charming if quite stagey at times.
The film never manages to transcend its actors-workshop aura and develop into something deeper.
Whatever qualms one might have about the tidy parallels in its characters' emotional breakthroughs, it should be warmly greeted by grown-up moviegoers seeking adult but not overly weighty material.
Though it begins stumbling at the end of the second act... Horovitz gifts us an oddball, old-world approach to housing and the finest performance from Kline in years.
Amusing slice-of-life drama.

@highlight

Although My Old Lady doesn't quite live up to its stars' talents, Kevin Kline and Maggie Smith carry the film capably whenever they're together onscreen.