Anyone looking for a lot of hard-hitting football highlights will be better off spending their time with NFL films and John Facenda.
Kevin Costner's unexpected comeback continues with this surprisingly fine sports jam in the vein of Moneyball-it's not about the meal, it's about how the sausage gets made.
As movies go, Draft Day is the equivalent of an 8-8 NFL team. Maybe even a 7-9. It is sporadically interesting, and suggests that it is worth sticking around for the final play. But there's no guarantee you will be satisfied with the outcome.
We've seen lots of this type of Art of the Deal maneuvering-how GMs spread gossip, bait and switch, gamble, and haggle each other. It never gets old. It's also the best part.
This is a very American film that - not unlike Moneyball - attempts to expand its appeal by doubling down on its focus on the very American sport at hand so as to find the universal themes intrinsic to the game.
For all of the typical sports movie clichés that pop up in "Draft Day," the pic's place as an NFL-sanctioned puff piece is what's most alarming.
However unintentionally, "Draft Day" confirms that sports rewards heroes and villains alike. Remember Jerry Sandusky?
It all gets rather corny, but Costner's charisma will keep you watching until the final whistle.
Sports film fans will lap [Draft Day] up but others may struggle to keep their heads in the game.
This is a dangerous slice of propaganda that actually has the temerity to end with a family unit walking arm-in-arm into a rosy sunset.
Plays like Moneyball-lite ...
Essentially this year's Moneyball, but set in American football rather than baseball, this fast-paced drama is brightly made with an especially strong cast.
Formulaic but surprisingly watchable.
Air-punch inducing drama with Kevin Costner about the surprisingly fascinating sport of American Football player trading.
In the Costner sporting canon, it's no Bull Durham, Field of Dreams or Tin Cup, but the star is a rock-solid presence and is well supported by a cast chock-full of recognisable faces.
A film that is exceedingly easy to enjoy, as perfect Saturday night, network TV fodder. Though as entertaining as it may be, the concept itself is flawed and without the substantiality to warrant a big screen release.
Quarterback scrambles forever muscle centre stage, leaving the human element scrimmaging on the sidelines.
The drama holds the attention throughout, even if the script never quite crackles as it might.
Kevin Costner, at his most stony-faced, making a whole bunch of time-pressured phone calls, and rallying with fists clenched to exclaim "I love this job!", and so on.
Draft Day ends up as the trashy, glitzy cousin to the Oscar-nominated Moneyball, minus the smart statistical hook.
Director Ivan Reitman jazzes the talky proceedings up with split screens and transitions galore, but it's still just a minor-league Moneyball.
a fantasy football film that can be entertaining for fans and non-fans alike
Entertainingly dramatizes the tight rope, wheeling and dealing thrills that play out during one of America's biggest sports events.
Draft Day is a perfectly enjoyable movie with a solid understanding of football and football minds, but tends to lag when focusing on subplots not related to football.
The longer this picks-pic runs its plays, the safer and more sanitized it seems, until this romanticizing ad is like a crazed safety, covering way more of the backfield (backroom drama, office romance, family drama, etc.) than ever becomes interesting.
Costner reminds just why he was, at one point in time, one of the most popular movie stars in the world, for his natural, flawed everyman relatability has never more effectively used in recent memory.
It's not about winning a big game and it's not about an underdog team getting its one chance. 'Draft Day' is an enjoyable sports movie that isn't about football per se. It's about the politics of what goes into selecting players for a team.
Fans will enjoy the air of authenticity, spotting the real-life sports personalities---and throwing penalty flags when Hollywood puts a bit too much melodramatic spin on the subject.
'Draft Day' will likely go down as the greatest sports movie from the director of 'Ghostbusters.'
Ivan Reitman's dull-witted movie about the flurries of player trading on N.F.L. draft day might be a commercial for professional football.
A human drama sprinkled with a number of laughs.
The level of authenticity should please fans, yet its embellishments and efforts to cater to a wider demographic might frustrate those same viewers.
Reitman and Costner give the NFL a pass
None of the non-football window dressing elevates the story beyond the obvious attempt to make football fans happy.
...the movie remains oddly watchable, even if an underlying tale in which millionaires are going to get richer a little faster may have trouble making it onto the highlight reel these days.
Kevin Costner and director Ivan Reitman attempt a fourth-quarter miracle in the largely flat Draft Day.
I left with the unshakable feeling that this is the type of movie Costner would've starred in (and made better) 20-years ago.
Draft Day isn't even really about football. It's about coming into your own and finding clarity at a personal and professional crossroads. It's about doing your job. It's a day in the life.
Reitman makes sure that characters are usually walking somewhere as they speak and that the frame is almost constantly wiping back and forth or split into halves and thirds, like a masculinist Pillow Talk.
This combo of 'inside football' and Capra-corn fable of being one's own man in the face of total opposition...amounts to a corporate training film full of Trump-card koans...
Less a disquisition on beta-masculinity than an engaging extension of the National Football League brand. But it works far more than it doesn't, connecting with pleasure and heart.
Shrewdly suspensful...not as good as 'Moneyball' or "Jerry Maguire,' but football fanatics will undoubtedly enjoy it.
Costner gives his best performance in years as a decent man trying to steer a steady course knowing it may cost him his reputation and his job if he's wrong.
Draft Day is a wobbly completion.
An engaging affair ... But I suspect those who know absolutely nothing about football will have better luck understanding the Esperanto in Incubus than the gridiron shenanigans on display in this new release.
If you think you know a lot about professional football you should enjoy this film. If you actually do know a lot about football, you will probably find this as annoying as I did...it's a frivolous, frothy flight of fancy.
Told with humor, and with the obvious support of the NFL, "Draft Day" is just the film to see before the real draft starts on May 8.
Thanks to Costner's sly, dry-aged charisma, it marches down the field and scores.
Draft Day is an enjoyable and sentimental sports drama that, sadly, falls short of greatness - one that might also require die-hard football fans to suspend serious disbelief.
To get the full blessing of the NFL and it's properties is a blessing and you better get it right. He does, and "Draft Day" has all the drama football fans love and perfectly placed humor that makes it appealing to fans of film in general.
It's only April, but after watching "Draft Day" you'll be ready for some football.
"Draft Day" might be a trick play, but it manages to score.
Draft Day is a diluted mix of Jerry Maguire and Moneyball that lacks the emotional pull of the former and the intelligence of the latter.
Draft Day is a film that knows how to tell a good, traditional story and tell it well.
A football movie that expertly plays like a chess match.
The miracle of Ivan Reitman's Draft Day is that it takes something completely esoteric about the universe of organized football... and turns it into one of the more compelling, funny films I have seen in a long while.
Draft Day is a very enjoyable and engaging examination of a man working in a pressure cooker. It's a lot of fun, even if you don't give a hoot about football.
Under the steady hand of Costner, it scores-not a touchdown, but a field goal.
Director Ivan Reitman steers an expert cast through its paces, with Kevin Costner in a tailor-made leading role.
Like the marginally more entertaining Moneyball, Draft Day is less about the game than the front office and an executive in crisis mode.
It's a sign of Costner's enduring stardom that he can skate through a movie this hyperactive and dull, yet still have you like him.
Reitman can't score on a single attempt because he telegraphs his plays before the snap. Everything in this movie is predictable, pat and entirely too dependent on split-screen cellphone calls.
The film has its share of entertaining clashes and reconciliations.
A year from now, your dad will enjoy watching this on cable.
Sports-movie icon Costner carries it across the finish line.
The cruelly obvious third act congeals the film as a wet-eyed monument to the Kevin Costner character's particular brand of American manliness, one that values gut instinct, it's implied, over cold and ruthless calculations.
Thankfully, with Reitman, Costner, and a whole bunch of talented collaborators, Draft Day plays like a champ.
Costner's bravura performance during the draft itself, improvising deals on the fly, is more exciting than anything you'll see on a football field.
Reitman may have his drawbacks but no one has ever accused his films of lacking heart. With sports movies especially, ya gotta have heart.
Much like "Moneyball" did for baseball, "Draft Day" exposes the harsh realities and competitiveness of another major league sport.
First time feature film writers Scott Rothman and Rajiv Joseph could be this year's version of Ben Affleck and Matt Damon penning the Oscar-winning "Good Will Hunting".
Sports fans will cheer for intense football drama.
There's plenty of shimmying here, maybe too much, and lots of spin moves, but it's missing on-the-field results.
As if the behind-the-scenes, same-day machinations that lead up to the NFL draft are not enough, its writers, Scott Rothman and Rajiv Joseph, pile subplot upon subplot, until they nearly bury the film's main storyline.
You may think you're not interested in a sturdy little dramatic comedy about the intricacies of the NFL draft process. But with Draft Day, you're in the hands of a master.
Draft Day is basically Noah for sports fans.
Draft Day is the cinema equivalent of a steak dinner at a red-banquette place -- a little hokey, a little retro, without a single surprise but not without a few high points.
Draft Day is an amiable tale likely to win over non-critical audiences. It's basically a giant commercial for the National Football League.
Draft Day is loaded with terrific performances
The film uses the inner machinations of an NFL team to deliver familiar platitudes about trusting your gut, following your heart and marching to the beat of your own drum.
This is an enjoyable, if not forgettable, movie. It is not going to go down as another Costner sports classic.
Kevin Costner is never better than when doing a sports movie. Draft Day wouldn't be my number-one movie pick but it's not bad if you're a sports movie fan.
A fun ride that NFL fans, and especially Cleveland Browns fans, will get a kick out of.
Draft Day is a passable sports drama for those interested in the behind-the-scenes hi-jinks of the title event. For everyone else, there's not much to see.
With winning performances all around and an increasingly engaging storyline, 'Draft Day' ends up a winning choice.(Full Content Review for Parents also Available)
All of these interesting performers can't save a dull script.
Draft Day has its ups and downs, but it's a fun ride.
When one looks deeply enough, this is as much about the personalities of the characters as it is about the trades they're involved in.
It's about gamesmanship. About judging character, fast. And yes, about grown sons, and father's shadows. Also about some smart filmmaking.
When you don't just have commercials before the movies, but the movies themselves have become commercials, something has gone wrong.
The NFL gets a "special thanks" in the end credits. Maybe it should have been the other way around.
What's important here is not what Sonny talks about -- football, always football -- but everything that he avoids in conversation.
Any movie that engages its viewer on a topic he or she is normally not interested in is doing something right. And so, despite an array of plot contrivances and strained storytelling banalities around the periphery, "Draft Day" grew on me.
the mechanics of the arcane (to non-fans) system are fascinatingly put in place and then played like a musical instrument by director Ivan Reitman.
Character is inconsequential to Draft Day
Who is going to see this movie if not NFL fans? Won't most of them easily recognize the oh-so-many miscues offered up by director Ivan Reitman and a mostly misleading screenplay?
The behind-the-scenes insider jargon of Moneyball mixed with the Cleveland woe of Major League, all wrapped in the effortless branding and gigantic egos of the NFL.
Not destined for Costner's personal hall of fame.
Kevin Costner would love to have the kind of career comeback that, say, Liam Neeson is enjoying. "Draft Day" won't hurt his chances. But, it won't help them either.
Even people who aren't football fans will appreciate the maneuvers and the high-stakes trading, the make-or-break strategies and the careers in the balance.
Though "Draft Day" feels far less authentic than the baseball-themed "Moneyball," it can be amusing to watch all this inside football stuff if you are an NFL fan.
A sports movie for people who thought Moneyball was too accessible.
At times the film seems like a highlight reel interrupted by a forgettable movie.
Draft Day shouldn't be your No. 1 pick if you are looking for a great movie. But it does have enough talent to make it worth taking a chance on.
A shallow and evasive movie, built more around corporate wish fulfillment than around reality ...
This slow-burning wheeler-dealer football drama pays off in the end, but it would be a lot more entertaining along the way if it were loose and irreverent.
Charmingly glib, packed with moments that demand grace under pressure, Draft Day is prime Costner turf.
It's not about the sports as much as it's about a guy doing his job, and what that involves.
The movie is loaded with all the star cast members and glossy sheen that money can buy. That's almost enough to hide just how aggressively mediocre it is underneath.
Draft Day is one of the dumbest movies about sports ever made because it's one of the dumbest ideas for a movie about sports that anyone has ever had, a fictional film about pro football that isn't even actually about football.
...you get the strong feeling that you have seen "Draft Day" before. And, you did - in 2011's "Moneyball."
Holy cow, is this movie safe. That it manages to still be entertaining is to its great credit.
Lacking feeling and momentum, Draft Day seems like it would be more successful as an ad for this year's NFL draft, rather than a piece of worthwhile entertainment.
If writers Scott Rothman and Pulitzer Prize finalist playwright Rajiv Joseph had stuck to the basics - if the plot was just business - it might have worked.
For all of Draft Day's talking and posturing, it has very little to say. The pomp and circumstance of the NFL is merely used as a backdrop for tepid relationship drama and tired rhetoric about doing what you believe to be right.
Director Ivan Reitman steps out of his comedy zone for a sports drama whose titular wheelings and dealings may not always add up but which proves a good character study vehicle for star Costner.
It's the Sam Bradford of sports movies - not an All Pro, but capable of a close, fourth-quarter win.
Draft's reverence for the gridiron, its heroes and the cities that worship them (particularly Cleveland) will make the movie a first-round pick of diehards.
"Draft Day" is lumbering and predictable, and its hero general manager is so dumb, it should have been called "Dummyball."
A dopey romance shoehorned into what's supposed to be a drama about the busiest business day of the NFL season is part of what's wrong, but so is a level of incredulity that probably even non-football fans will sniff out.
Don't worry if you're not a hard-core gridiron fan - Costner's cool charisma and the universal nature of office politics make this accessible anyway.
A loser...loaded with cliches and inanities, it huffs and puffs but ends up more winded than pumped-up.
Despite its cynical core, the movie almost works.
Bright, splashy, and mostly fun, Draft Day is a broadly appealing sports film whose old-fashioned plot is dressed up with fancy new tricks.
Costner's range as an actor remains an open question, more open than his range, certainly. But he carries the movie easily and well.
an entertaining mosaic that has more in common with "The Social Network" than "Any Given Sunday."
Haven't Cleveland fans suffered enough? Not only have they never won a Super Bowl, but now the Browns serve as the center of Ivan Reitman's painfully creaky sports drama.
The promising-sounding football movie would turn out to be a movie about men talking on phones.
Rather than a deft "Moneyball," behind-the-scenes deconstruction of the process, "Draft Day" is schmaltzy - if shrewd - product placement for "America's Game."
Essentially a giant promo for the annual NFL draft, this rote drama appeals to fans by liberally employing all the familiar trademarks, team logos, and broadcast personalities.
A very solid MONEYBALL-esque sports drama, with the emphasis on the business side. Costner's best role in years. A major comeback part.
A wildly miscast, flaccidly directed, disappointingly dumbed-down drama.
To paraphrase Mel Kiper, it's obvious to me that the makers of "Draft Day" don't understand what the draft's all about.
It can be counted on to deliver a temporary football fix and a few chuckles, but it's not quite enough to make die-hards stop counting down the days until the real NFL Draft.
This isn't the side of pro sports shown on television-which is exactly why it's refreshing to have a film about it.
A sports dramedy that really clicks thanks to a vibrant performance by Kevin Costner.
As long as you don't expect too much out of it (or put too much into it), Draft Day will give you exactly what you expect out of it, but not much more.
[Eventually] we're reminded of the Costner of old: not the one who thought of himself as a savior in bloated adventures and epics, but the cocksure badass of his early comedies, like "Bull Durham" (though "Draft Day" is nowhere near as good).
Kevin Costner's Sonny Weaver Jr. may be looking beyond statistics, but Draft Day plays it entirely by the numbers.
Disturbingly predictable and as detached from reality as the overrated Moneyball.
Leads with a swift pace and accomplished performances, also pulling off the impossible: it makes football look fun.
Too, um ...inside baseball. And sloooooow
An entirely conventional serio-comic sports world melodrama that pushes its buttons with undeniable professional finesse.
Throughout, the movie repeats the same dialogue setup, with a character asking whether another character is familiar with some football fact or anecdote, hearing a variation on "yes," and then telling it anyway.
Costner, naturally, carries the movie and gives it drive and focus.
An immensely appealing Kevin Costner anchors Ivan Reitman's savvy peek behind the curtain of pro-football wheeling and dealing.
It's hard to begrudge director Ivan Reitman and his star: Like veteran athletes, they go out there and get the job done, even if their best days are behind them.
It's like sitting in a meeting with your affable but dull boss.
It's a bland premise that may have looked fine on paper, but put to film, it simply doesn't have any pull to it.
the most Normcore movie that ever lived
If success for "Draft Day" is being entertaining, and pumping up an audience to the point that some viewers will start dreaming about being an NFL general manager, it scores.
At least the movie absolutely nails the dysfunctional, pathetic execution of the Cleveland Browns' front office.
... does a wonderful job of laying out not only the stakes but the process in a way that even someone who has never paid attention to football can understand...

@highlight

It's perfectly pleasant for sports buffs and Costner fans, but overall, Draft Day lives down to its title by relying too heavily on the sort of by-the-numbers storytelling that only a statistician could love.