Acerbic character study.
An exercise in compassionate misanthropy.
A typically ineffective effort from Todd Solondz...
Solondz seems to be making a statement about arrested development and the harsh realities of loneliness and age, but it's so clumsily and irritatingly executed that his arguments remain difficult to see.
Age seems to have softened Todd Solondz and it is a real shame, as we have tonnes of optimistic filmmakers but only one of him. Come back, Todd.
"Dark Horse" ends up being a film about loneliness, and the desperate things people will think and do to escape it. And, for once, Solondz doesn't sneer at that desperation.
Though Dark Horse is disturbing and funny like most Solondz pictures, it's also mystifyingly touching; it moves into totally unexpected places.
It would be unfair and patronizing to say that Solondz needs to grow up, but "Dark Horse" suggests that it's time for the bard of bourgeois hypocrisy to consider moving on.
The title could be taken as indicative of the film's chances of scoring outside of Solonfz's small cadre of followers, but 'Dark Horse' indicates that a grain of empathy has made its way into his usual desert of despair.
The suffocating darkness of much of Solondz's work has diminished here, but so has the humor, and it never reaches the massive catharsis of a film like Happiness.
Solondz has made a career out of specializing in highly aberrant views of middle-class life.
That Gelber can make Abe appealing in any way is a triumph. That Solondz can orchestrate such a feat is an even bigger one.
Solondz will never be much for happy endings, but the film is strangely optimistic and at times borders ever-so-slightly on the whimsical.
Seizing the role, and the screen, Jordan Gelber actually makes us care what happens to his surly, thoroughly unlikable character.
With champion bloodlines from Walken and Farrow, "Dark Horse" could have been a contender, but it gets so skittish about trodding a familiar path that it pulls up lame.
Offers a wealth of small pleasures, but as a whole, it fails to make much of an impact, exhausting direction the longer it pursues a dreamscape tone that only seems to retain perfect shape in the helmer's head.
When he's hot, (Todd Solondz)... has an uncanny ability to find both absurdist comedy and poignant drama in the vicissitudes of everyday characters.
The director's claustrophobic vision of optimistic youth slowly curdling into a hellish maelstrom of middle-age malaise is still a fun ride if you enjoy that sort of thing.
For once, Solondz seems less interested in scoring points off his characters than in creeping into their shy, sad interior worlds.
Todd Solondz, the dean of depressive comedy, is back with another funny, shocking, emotionally probing original.
Even the gentle side of filmmaker Todd Solondz turns out to be pretty nasty.
[Solondz] pulls one too many narrative stunts, with one too many dream sequences, calling into question the reality of everything that's happened - including that soap-operatic finale.
It's brutal to watch, and perhaps mercifully short.
[A] wonderfully realized and surprisingly understated dark satire...
There's something ultimately moving as well as funny in Abe's conflict with himself. It gives Dark Horse a degree of dramatic weight missing from his other films.
Solondz's sweetest film is still terrifically bitter.
In his bitter humour I always find a twitch on the moral compass.
The picture is funnier than anything he has yet made. There are worse ways of playing familiar themes.
The characters run the gamut from near-comatose to shrill, all of them awful, and what seems to aspire to being a modern comedy of manners is simply a mean-spirited satire on such close but paradoxically unloving families.
It's a typical Solondz portrait.
The opaque finale leaves much to ponder.
A film that blurs reality and fantasy, inviting our laughter but also earning our sympathy.
You have to admire the filmmaker for what he has achieved thus far in Dark Horse, and mourn Abe's premature departure from the action.
As awful as Abe is, you can't help rooting for him as he struggles to get his life in order, all while his vivid fantasy world seems to be closing in on him.
Somewhat of a sinister Hyde to Woody Allen's Dr Jekyll, counting inner aura and image, Solondz taps into pervasive suburban despair that could qualify as one of Dante's Circles of Hell, by way of the Long Island Expressway. Love In The Time Of Hepatitis.
After the death-metal of emotional horror in his earlier movies, Solondz gives us quieter chamber music in a minor key.
Jordan Gelber's tubby, entitled man-child finds romance, of a sort, in this witheringly deadpan lark from Todd Solondz.
No Solondz classic; but nasty-nice, beautiful (sort of) and deftly crafted.
Solondz's latest, 'Dark Horse', is similar to his first film, 'Welcome to the Dollhouse' (1995), in the way it piles cruelties on one misguided character.
Less confrontational than most Solondz movies, in that it refrains from violence or kink, but still unsettling and affecting.
Solondz's once-fascinating brand of genuine misanthropy has curdled into ordinary unpleasantness.
Even though Todd Solondz' latest journey into suburban dysfunction may seem dark (and is), it's also about joy, and how easily it's wasted.
Abe may deserve all that comes to him, but the question of how he got this way sustains the picture, against all odds.
Solondz's pessimism congeals into something toxic that should be disposed, not examined.
There are times when it is dark humor, and then times when it is simply dark. But there is something more going on here, something deeper and more ... hopeful?
The most squirm-inducing aspect of Dark Horse is the way that Solondz is still stuck in his outdated loser tropes.
Though more forgiving than previous Solondz films, Dark Horse is too slight to herald a wholesale change of direction.
Solondz is a minor master of black comedy-the flattened emotional responses, the grotesque non sequiturs, the perverse desires lurking under a bland surface.
Sad, poignant, funny and, above all, painfully honest.
It's tough to get on Todd Solondz's wavelength, but boy is it worth the emotional gyrations.
You may not like Abe very much -- hell, Solodnz practically goes out of his way to ensure that you don't -- but by the end of Dark Horse, you do understand him.
Characters turn out to have improbable secret lives, or pop in and out like hallucinations. Plotlines that start to satisfy, attitudes that start to make sense, are ruthlessly upended.
It's a typical Solondz sad-sack tale, but this film seems to be disgusted by its own characters, which isn't true of the director's best work.
Its departures from realism have the effect of enlarging the narrow, unremarkable lives that are its focus, and by extension the audience's sense of what those lives might mean.
Despite its flaws, Dark Horse largely succeeds as yet another installment in Todd Solondz's career-long examination of the lust for love and security among the deeply damaged.
A Todd Solondz film, one that provides the same kind of bracing counterbalance to man-child genre tropes as Welcome to the Dollhouse did to teen comedies in which the outcast kid makes good.
"Dark Horse" joins "Dollhouse" and "Happiness" as a kind of trilogy of personality terror. It ultimately wanders too far out there, but before that it's quirky and curious enough to be happening in any house next door.
To a small extent, the concept puts enough of a shine on the material to make it seem new again.
True to form for auteur Todd Solondz, its discomforting laughs are as black and painful as its cries for help, the fine line between satire and tragedy blurring throughout.
Portrait of the Loser as a Young Chub should be the subtitle of Todd Solondz's latest attack against normalcy.
Even with Dark Horse's brief running time, staying in Abe's company is a serious test of negative entertainment.
Dark Horse is neither incisively black-comic nor particularly attuned to human behavior-proof that some directors, at least, do end up the way they started out.
Heart-breaking story of a 35 year old suffering from the toxins that loneliness and isolation can serve up.
A comedy of discomfort...Solondz once again takes a loser as his protagonist and dares us to feel sympathy for him.
Yesterday, Solondz blocking the screen meant something, even if it was just his own petulance. Today, a blurred sign only signifies his capitulation to peer pressure.
Solondz takes another hilariously pitch-black exploration of human behaviour with a film populated by excellent actors playing seriously messed-up characters.
Hollywood's reluctance to ridicule this cohort may stem from its near total reliance on them to fund its business model since the mid-70s...Solondz, who makes movies for an adult audience, has no such qualms
Superbly acted and frequently darkly funny, Todd Solondz's latest film has the occasional flash of brilliance but it loses focus in the middle section and is let down by a frustrating final act.
Solondz's most upbeat film since Welcome to the Dollhouse that doesn't make you feel like you need to take a long shower to clean off how ugly it makes you feel afterwards.
Solondz has viewers so conditioned to his cruel ironies by now that most of this picture's [are] met by howls of approval.
Solondz's most waywardly endearing film, his gentlest triumph.
Never less than watchable and loaded with trademark negativity so extreme it's sometimes funny, the new film is nonetheless saddled with a protagonist so narrowly and unlikably presented that, in the end, he doesn't seem worth the time devoted to him.
There is little in the film's pitch-black interior that wasn't tackled better - with more bite, wit and abandon - in Happiness, Welcome to the Dollhouse, or Storytelling.

@highlight

Typically misanthropic yet curiously satisfying and incisive, Dark Horse is a movie that preaches to the cynical converted.