Disney has a lot to answer for, but its worst sin may be one of its oldest -- anthropomorphizing nature.
It's impossible to not come away with a renewed respect, appreciation and awe for this place we all call home.
When Disney gets involved in making things green, we're talking about the color of money.
Earth hits all the right notes, and if Disney corners the market on nature documentaries and creates an annual cinematic event of this caliber tied into Earth Day, so be it.
Solid docu about global-warming informs rather than preaches.
A beautiful mix of humor, heart and spectacle that puts the studio that invented the True-Life Adventure back in touch with its wild side.
Reminds us that no matter where you are, this third rock from the sun of ours is a gorgeous thing.
Like Arctic Tale, this is a great looking and interesting view of nature. Also like that other 2007 film, Earth falls short of being truly memorable.
Those familiar with the Discovery series Planet Earth won't find anything new here, but the James Earl Jones-narrated movie is fine on its own.
Earth may be the most striking collection of nature photography I've ever seen. It isn't flawless, but it is a one-of-a-kind treat.
A gorgeously photographed nature documentary that doesn't have enough happy moments and has far too many tragic ones.
What this is, in fact, is the live-action version of the opening of The Lion King, celebrating the 'circle of life.'
Earth caters to a younger audience, keeping its biological and environmental lessons at a basic level of understanding.
...if not exactly innovative, at least breathtaking on a how-in-the-world-did-they-get-that-shot level.
I give directors Alastair Fothergill and Mark Linfield huge props for being able to so concisely whittle down their massive 11-episode magnum opus into such a delightfully entertaining and visually stimulating streamlined version.
Setting new standards in precision wildlife photography, "Earth" remains little more than eye candy. A Playboy magazine of the planet earth.
It's not only a good watch but is informative.
Disney puts truth in the drawer claiming that "changing weather patterns" cause drying rainforests, when it's the destruction of the rainforest that is causing the changing weather patterns.
I didn't learn anything but it's fun, which I didn't expect. Animals do stuff. I don't see how it's an overall ecosystem but whatever.
The production values of this film are very good, but it wanders away from its three main storylines often enough that it may not hold the attention of children.
EARTH opens with a dazzling scene of the planet from space and then flits around the globe to give us equally astonishing shots of animals in survival mode and at play.
For most of the way this is an eye-popping, not blood-curdling, experience.
This film is for those so buried in gadgets and The Gap that the Earth, at its roots, has become something foreign.
Don't let the fact that this film is re-edited from existing footage stop you from seeing it. It is quite simply breathtaking on the large screen.
For a generation too young to remember National Geographic specials and Disney's True-Life Adventures, [this] should be an exciting journey through our natural world.
... the images that are captured by the filmmakers are so stunning and breathtaking that you would really be doing yourself a disservice if you didn't see them up on the big screen.
For a round-the-world trip, it feels a bit like a budget bus tour.
Take a bow, Mother Nature.
[The directors] know how to craft a sequence (lions and elephants uneasily drinking at the same water hole), have an eye for the telling shot (baboons mincing across a flood plain), and mercifully avoid making the fauna look human.
As a spectacle Disney's Earth is right out of this world.
For adults, Earth misses the mark of riveting storytelling. Earth crams in the dramatic adventures of several species (including penguins) -- with the result that it comes up short on telling one really good story.
Directors Alastair Fothergill and Mark Linfield mostly avoid speaking directly of social issues. Instead, they let the visuals and the animals' plights underscore the importance of maintaining a healthy ecosystem.
With such a photogenic and charismatic cast, how could Earth miss?
Think of Earth as being akin to a greatest-hits collection of a beloved rock band. The context is gone, but the reason for the renown remains.
This first release from Disney's self-explanatory new arm, Disneynature, is at the very least peripherally concerned with the planet and its dwindling prospects, but the real renewable resource here is the groundbreaking Planet Earth miniseries.
In a sea of Hollywood formula, artifice and escapism, here is an invitation to wonder, awe and gratitude.
Featuring edited moments from the popular Planet Earth as seen on Discovery Channel, apparently Disney's idea of going green is to recycle film footage for theaters.
Earth is a film of epic proportions which carries a lot of intensity and stunning visuals but drags a little in the beginning before picking up some steam.
This spectacularly shot doc gives our big, blue planet her due, with rare peeks at exotic creatures and thrilling action scenes.
What it does well is so remarkable that by the time the credits roll you likely won't want it to end.
As a virtual tour of what Earth Day is about, kids ought to be entranced. If it helps them get greener, even better.
Earth isn't especially informative or original. But it is packed with beauty and wonder.
No other movie (documentary or feature film) has featured as many "wow!" moments as this one does in quite some time.
Jones' narration is both warm and authoritative. If Mufasa can't make kids care about the Earth, it might be a lost cause.
A splendid wildlife documentary.
This Earth doesn't really have anything new to say, but it does present some newly entertaining ways of saying it.
Feels like a thin introduction rather than a rich tapestry.
entertains as much as it educates
A gorgeously photographed storybook.
Earth is at its best when it goes beyond presenting awe-inspiring beauty to elicit a sense of wonder and empathy for our fellow creatures and of global responsibility toward our fragile planet.
It's not that this lovely-to-look-at nature documentary is bad: it's just that it's completely redundant as a film.
Earth succeeds well enough as spectacle.
With its little-bit-of-everything approach, Earth sometimes feels more like really glorious wallpaper than a satisfying story. But there's no arguing with those images. They're fantastic.
It's very instructive and hey, where else can you see footage like this? On Animal Planet, the Discovery Channel, the National Geographic Channel, etc., just about every night.
The many filmmakers spent five years on this impressive project. They've given us glorious images of an Earth that most of us have never seen. Let's hope that the means to understand it will be included on the DVD.
A wide-screen wildlife documentary in which the cycles of birth and death, migrations and seasons, are captured in stunning -- absolutely stunning -- ways.
The beauty of the landscape, the beauty of the animals, it's all irresistible.
This Earth is beautiful and worthwhile.
The Disney connection marks 'Earth' as a worthy heir to the Oscar-winning 'True-Life Adventures' the company produced from 1948 to 1960...
If your family enjoys this kind of entertainment, do yourself a favor and rent the BBC's "Planet Earth" from which most of the spectacular footage was lifted.
This is, after all, the circle of life, and while it's kindly to watch adorable creatures partake in adorable behavior (polar bears sliding around in snow!), the reality of existence is far more dangerous.
Has lots of stunning visuals and wonders of nature to behold, but ultimately lacks insight and never really achieves the exhilarating heights and palpable poignancy of March of the Penguins.
Earth is 85 minutes of graceful animals, scary animals, funny animals, and excruciatingly cute baby animals. A better family-friendly nature film can't be found.
Every bit as majestic and eye-opening as the title infers.
A welcome throwback to the days when Walt himself would personally supervise such Earth-friendly fare as The Living Desert and The Vanishing Prairie.
Breathtaking. Take a break from the gridlock, concrete and steel jungle that defines most of our lives. These are some fantastic, won't believe your eyes, animal shots.
There's no question that, given the option, Planet Earth is the way to go. This movie will do in a pinch, however, and it is impressive -- provided you find a way to block out the voiceovers.
It's such a joy to see this footage on the big screen -- even better than hi-definition TV -- that you may want to suffer the slings and arrow of an outrageous soundtrack just for the opportunity to see what's on the screen.
Nature can be cruel, children, but damned if it isn't seriously photogenic.
Dazzling wildlife docu has a few intense moments.
Spectacular! Remarkable in every way, even better than the 2005 Oscar winner, 'March Of The Penguins', this is a breathtaking motion picture achievement.
When a subject is as big as all outdoors, the big screen has some advantages.
It just feels like cheating. This is the exact footage used in the "Planet Earth" series. I even miss the full Disney treatment. No cute names given to the animals? How will you sell more stuffed animals?
The voice of Darth Vader, James Earl Jones, narrates this lively and majestic nature documentary that traces a year in the life of our planet by way of some its most enchanting species.
It might seem awfully mean to critique a nature documentary released by Walt Disney on Earth Day -- but that's exactly what I'm about to do.
As a movie made with kids -- and mass consumption -- in mind, Earth labors under some frustrating limitations. But as a palatable, engaging reel of incredible nature photography, it has few equals.
Parental Content Review
This 'Earth' is so beautiful.
If nature's what you crave, you'll have more fun sitting on your porch and watching mosquitoes impact with a bug zapper.
A top-drawer documentary that provides the perfect occasion for families to celebrate together the wonders, diversity, and miracles of nature and animals.
It never quite lives up to the level of filmmaking set by the Disney nature films of yore.
Enriching, informative and noteworthy, Earth explores the wonderment of our neighboring species and the behavioral observations that ensue in glorified curiosity.
Full of great, gorgeous footage. Beautiful enough to forgive Disney for Hannah Montana: The Movie.
Spectacular footage and a low-key ecological message make this first release from the Disneynature label a valuable family offering.
Our responsibility to protect this ecosystem underscores every image; watching is submission to our call of duty. Yet, Earth feels compromised where Planet Earth was not
It really is impressive to see these images so up close on a big screen.
It is as beautiful a film as I've seen in some time.
Fundamentally a condensed trailer for the BBC's portrait of the globe's myriad habitats, the film offers a skimpy but reverential portrait of the intertwined relationship between the environment and its inhabitants.
This is a film that doesn't know when to shut up and gaze in wonder.
Stars Mother Nature and the photography deserve standing applause.
Spectacularly photographed, gracefully edited, and effectively matter-of-fact in demonstrating the effects of of climate change.
A well-made doc that will prompt the viewer to think, 'Is a vulnerable animal better off safe in a zoo or with risks in the jungle?'
For fans of wildlife programmes, Earth will be nothing new - it is, after all, a re-cut version of the BBC series Planet Earth -- but this is a wildlife film at the very top of its game.

@highlight

With its spectacular and extensive footage, Earth is both informative and entertaining.