Missing: this movie's plot.
Not a bad film, despite what you may have heard, but there is no doubt it should have been a lot better.
With gorgeous Hawaiian cinematography, a charming Owen Wilson, and a clever script, I found it eminently enjoyable.
This movie is all looks and no brains.
It's sexy, offbeat fun for the most part, but it's way too laid-back for its own good and, in the end, obstinately refuses to be anything more than the sum of its highly promising parts.
Yet another screen adaptation of an Elmore Leonard novel, but this one just doesn't work.
Never comes together into anything remotely interesting.
...a dead zone of monstrous proportions that warrants nothing but yawns and groans for all 89 minutes it takes up the screen.
Despite some inspired casting and a photogenic Hawaiian backdrop, director George Armitage can't imbue the tale with Leonard's unique balance of wit and tension.
It tends to be bouncy in that flippant, rhythmic attitude, the winkingly self-assuredness so prevalent in the actual assuredness of Get Shorty.
glides along on the humor of its characters and the inherent intrigue created whenever multiple characters with multiple agendas all appear to be going after the same thing
After sitting through this, you'll need a vacation, too.
When the best thing you can say about a movie is that a handful of actors manage to salvage it from time to time, you're not exactly talking about a great piece of filmmaking.
Adaptation of Elmore Leonard novel doesn't have much rebound at all, despite a big-name cast.
Owen Wilson, Charlie Sheen and newcomer Sara Foster are all wrong for Elmore Leonard characters.
...Nothing matters much in this Elmore Leonard adaptation as the sight of budding starlet Sara Foster in various states of undress.
Comfortable and familiar, like a good friend telling a joke you've heard before. Weightless, diverting fun for those who simply must catch at least one movie a week.
Best approached as a Come to Hawaii advertisement with a wisecracking Wilson as your happy tour guide.
Couldn't be any less like its title, as the mix of quirks, crime and comedy... comes off as labored and largely unfunny.
...they'll be plenty of seats...
Had this film been released during any other week than the one that also brought us You Got Served and The Perfect Score, it would seem like a really bad movie.
Director George Armitage brings to the project the same degree of playful insouciance that informed his previous picture, Grosse Pointe Blank.
There's little coherence between scenes, which probably doesn't matter since the movie is so easily distracted it's just daring you to stop paying attention.
Foster may not be much of an actress, but she sure can fill out a bikini. And she sure looks warm.
With a running time clocking in at less than 90 minutes, the movie has a slimmed- down-in-the- editing-room feel; plots points often don't connect.
While it winds the plot up tight enough, it unravels like a messy Chinese yo-yo instead of springing out at you with a smart ending.
If The Big Bounce is interesting in any respect at all, it's only in terms of the odds defied in it's winding up so dull.
Newcomer Foster cites Lauren Bacall as a precursor, but her ingénue fatale is more like a lost Olsen triplet.
Mountain Dew is not a suggestion for your choice of movie-time beverage. It's a mandate.
Obviously incomplete, The Big Bounce has at least 20 more minutes of footage lying around on the cutting-room floor making this whimsical comedy unsatisfying.
Wilson's spaced-out surfer style seems to have infected the entire project (or maybe it was Willie's weed).
Cheerfully sunny, lightweight entertainment.
...baseless travelogue tripe...This cocky crime caper has all the Bounce of a punctured volleyball resting on a sandy Hawaiian beach.
88 minutes of pretty pictures in search of a plot and a point.
One of the film's major themes is "things are exactly as they appear." Unfortunately everything appeared vacuous and annoying.
Who gets scammed here? The viewers.
Essentially a shaggy-dog tale, relaxed, affable and harmless, that goes down as easily as a Mai Tai.
Sheen, too, seems to particularly relish his sad-sack character, a pathetic loser of a rube named Bob Jr. He's hysterically funny at times injecting the film with just the type of pathetic silliness the rest of it sorely lacks.
Elmore Leonard gets another check, but he deserves better, even 35 years after the fact.
The story has been so poked and prodded and spun around it barely knows how to end.
Everything here is too mild, too sloppy.
A big dud that was bounced from last year's release schedule by Warner Bros. before landing here in winter's dreaded deep freeze.
Owen Wilson - the poor man's Woody Harrelson - stars... Because Wilson doesn't seem to care, it's hard for viewers to feel much differently.
A sloppy, lazy, amiable movie with a sloppy, lazy, amiable hero.
Boring, unsexy, styleless, sluggish and physically ugly.
Insipid potboiler set against the far more enticing surf and sand of Oahu's North Shore.
The leading man/leading lady crackle and pop Armitage usually handles so well fizzles and plops, taking the film down with it.
Given a choice between shovelling my driveway or going to see The Big Bounce again, I would choose the driveway.
The director, George Armitage, has a good feel for laid-back, hipster black comedy but no impulse whatsoever to keep the narrative moving.
For all its twists and turns, Bounce never really goes anywhere.
In every other way, The Big Bounce is a dreadful exercise, with a script full of contradictions and empty gestures and a leading lady who's such a novice it hurts to watch her.
A mediocre but mildly entertaining remake.
The Big Bounce smacks of one of those films that, after sitting on some studio shelf too long, was hastily re-edited to get a PG-13 rating and then stuffed with filler material to beef it up to 88 minutes.
Although it lacks the flair and edgy wit of Miami Blues, The Big Bounce is an unpretentious and funny caper comedy that gives you far more bang for your buck than most of the dreck currently playing at the neighborhood multiplex.
The Big Bounce struggles in every scene to capture Leonard's unique tone -- something that must be harder than it looks, since so many have tried and failed.
You have to admire any movie that can convince you congenital milksop Owen Wilson is a charming, roguish criminal, and The Big Bounce goes about that subterfuge the right way.
The movie is all over the place, never jelling into anything sharp or intriguing or funny.
Bland adaptation of Elmore Leonard caper comedy with some fun performances but no zest or heat.
The movie is as pleasant as a sea breeze, but it slacks in the substance department.
So utterly inconsequential it fades from memory long before it's even over.
The character of Jack is just a walking attitude, and the movie feels like a slapped-together joke.
The Big Bounce isn't offensive, or even terrible. It's just lazy, relying on numb moviegoers to fork over cash thinking they'll see the next Get Shorty or Out of Sight.
There may once have been a real movie rattling inside the empty studio package known as The Big Bounce, but no longer.
Ranks as the worst Elmore Leonard adaptation ever to hit the screen.
Pure disaster.
Laughably mediocre.
There is so little urgency to the con that it's easy to forget the set-up or to care who's getting conned, how or by whom.
Bounce feels as dated and condescending as Blue Hawaii.
The movie often feels content to be smugly second-rate: sun-stoned, underachieving and proud of it.
The Big Bounce has all the earmarks of a project that has been laundered more times than the developer's money.
Lazy and aimless.
This one lands with a thud, failing to deliver even a mild Hawaiian punch.
The Big Bounce is an object lesson in the ways a promising film can go awry. It's a schooling we could have done without.
Foster is one of the worst actresses seen on screen since Cindy Crawford, to the point where she destroys any chance of the movie redeeming itself.
The movie doesn't work. It meanders and drifts and riffs.
The Big Bounce has all the earmarks of a project that has been whittled into incoherence in the editing room in a lunatic attempt to 'fix' it.
The Big Bounce is great entertainment if you enjoy watching Morgan Freeman play dominoes.
We all know how good Morgan Freeman is. But it's time to celebrate the impeccable comic timing of his easygoing co-star Owen Wilson.
Sara Foster keeps asking 'Where's the bounce?' when anyone with eyes can see exactly where the bounce is.
Screenwriter Sebastian Gutierrez and director George Armitage seem like kids trying to walk 20 dogs at the same time.
Could be subtitled 'When Elmore Leonard Adaptations Go Wrong.'
My reaction, as the film struggles to its end, was to wish it to just be over.
Hide your cash from these grifters.
Owen Wilson has the amazing ability to charm his way out of the most dreadful material
The Big Splat...wait 'til watching this would be just a waste of time, not a waste of time and money.
I have to admit that I had a pretty good time watching the film unfold in its amiably haphazard fashion.
Too often a dead zone, robbing its star of his greatest weapon: the ability to nail smart, punchy dialogue.
It's praising with faint damns, sort of: Hey, The Big Bounce ain't actually awful!
When the twisty plots and stylish dialogue of novelist Elmore Leonard are given half-hearted attention, you get the sort of lazy, dull mess that is The Big Bounce.
[Wilson's] deceptively easy-going manner...provides the needed energy that keeps 'The Big Bounce' bouncing.
Though the first Bounce had no comedy, this version has a lot.
Except for a rare scene of shaggy charm, nothing works. Nothing.
'Big Bounce' wants to be comic caper movie, but the real crime is inflicted on the Elmore Leonard book credited with inspiring it.
Armitage and his fun cast create a spicy luau from Elmore Leonard's recipe. But they forgot the roast pig.
Only slightly successful in living up to the material.
One of the most soulless and least engaging films in recent memory.
... plays less like a con gone wrong than a long, lazy, insubstantial shaggy dog story coasting on nothing but charm.
Too little character development, too many gaps in the storyline, and an editing job that appears to have been done by someone with a chainsaw.
Like a black hole devouring the universe, this film will suck your money, your time, and your life right out of you.
...teeters precariously on the edge of being utter crap or brilliantly funny entertainment. That it never falls onto either side of the divide is its ultimate downfall.
Has none of Get Shorty's skill or wit. In fact, it's clear that the people who made this movie do not get Shorty.
Slack is something The Big Bounce, even at a trifling 88 minutes, already has in abundance.
While Wilson and his partners in crime make for a pretty impressive cast, the movie doesn't hang together. In fact, it practically falls off the screen in shards.
Coming at the end of a dismal and frigid January, the second screen adaptation of Elmore Leonard's first foray into crime fiction is like a paid Hawaiian vacation -- somebody else's.
This crime caper boasts a celebrity cast that makes for an impressive lobby card, but it turns out that the novelty casting is about all it has going for it.
This goof on an Elmore Leonard crime story misses the mark both as comedy and thriller.
Just the ticket for cold-weather viewing.
nauseating
A travelogue pretending to be a movie.
The Big Bounce has many of the same problems as The Big Sleep, but few of its strengths.
Given the talent involved on both sides of the camera and its sturdy literary pedigree, there's no way a movie could be this doughy and airy unless it was somehow by design.
By not trying too hard, this remake of a dumb movie has got spring in its step.
Little in originality, ambition or entertainment value.
Director George Armitage and screenwriter Sebastian Gutierrez have managed to hit every wrong note possible with this heavy-handed tale ...
Like the frosty tropical drinks the people keep sipping here, it's refreshing and icy-cool, a sinful pleasure mixed by experts.
How many times must Owen Wilson perform CPR on a comatose movie?
It's Wilson who's the score here.
The Big Bounce is undercut by a lack of tension and an unsurprising, 'surprise ending'.
An inert sitcom in need of a laugh track.
An insult to the audience while the cast gets a paycheck and an all-expenses paid vacation in Hawaii.
Winningly wry and roguish Owen Wilson seems very much at home in the cheeky, tropical-noir world of Elmore Leonard.
Has the bounce of a beach ball with a six-inch hole.
A lethargic movie that lopes and stumbles far more often than it springs to life.
The picture is thus misogynistic enough to be a Michael Bay film, but it's not nearly as exciting.
A movie that more than once confuses the line between laid-back and lethargic, it wanders around slack-jawed and weirdly inert.
Does crime novelist Elmore Leonard sell the movie rights to his novels only after the filmmakers agree to use The Isely Brothers' "It's Your Thing" on the soundtrack?
There is more thrill-packed excitement in the frequent shots of the languid Pacific trade winds ruffling the palm fronds and banana leaves
Brain bleeding miscasting.








@highlight

Lazily crafted and light on substance, The Big Bounce takes few chances and strands its promising cast in a subpar adaptation that fails to do its source material justice.