On the basis that it behoves all of us to keep a little nugget of our 15-year-old selves locked up in our breasts, I'm going to say this is a loveable film and that you should all go and see it to awake your inner adolescent.
Braff captures the specific, self-involved ennui of the aimless 20-something, and he doesn't do it from a point of smug detachment.
Although flawed, Garden State is a good-natured film whose very likeability leaves you willing to overlook its shortcomings.
Smart drama for mature older teens and up.
It's no longer a generational alarm clock, but for those who've seen loved ones stumble through complacent fogs of Paxil, Zoloft and the like, "Garden State" still warns that "stability" doesn't mean a numbness to anything not emotionally even-keeled.
There is not a shot in this movie that doesn't shine...
Actor Zach Braff (NBC's "Scrubs") makes an impressive if unsatisfying writing and directing debut with a plaintive post-modern drama that relies on unspoken dry wit to entertain its audience (think a cross between "Harold and Maude" and "The Graduate").
Feels too piecemeal and ultimately inconsequential to grab the public where it counts.
Braff, who also wrote and directs, tells this story with great flair, lots of subtlety and a wonderfully paced set of revelations that come to us just as they might in real life.
[A] goofy, melancholy, seriocomic slice of life...
It's good to see Natalie Portman acting again.
full review in Greek
the quintessential product by and for uninspired times
This is a movie where 'sensitivity' and 'sincerity' are signposted by songs by Paul Simon and Nick Drake, which I guess says it all.
While Braff's script may suffer from long-windedness, his direction -- of both cast and camera -- is so confident that this debut could well mark the start of a major career.
Both funny and touching, this is a small film that deserves to be seen by a wider audience.
Es una buena primera película (...) El problema tal vez sea su incontrolable acumulación de situaciones...
The film manages to be delightfully offbeat while simultaneously providing weight and depth.
[Offers] audiences a realistic coming-of-age tale that isn't bogged down by Hollywood clichés, but rather lifted higher by an incredible cast and an even more remarkable directorial debut by from Zach Braff.
It's the kind of small treasure that drops in theaters once or twice a year.
One of the best directorial debuts in recent memory.
Boasts a sweet, moody rhythm.
...una perfecta fábula, una agridulce historia de amor, un canto a la madurez como necesidad, al amor como motor y necesidad, y a la definición de lo que somos...
While Garden State likely won't stand up over time beside the films it emulates, it certainly can't be faulted for trying. An impressive debut.
Smart, perceptive and funny filmmaking from a genuine talent in Zach Braff.
'the biggest problems lie in the simplistic nature of the characters and the reliance on quirkiness, rather than genuine, realistic emotion, to connect with its audience.'
Se todo jovem ator tivesse uma estréia tão promissora na direção de longas, o Cinema norte-americano estaria bem melhor.
This is a terrific debut film by Braff, reminiscent of the classic movie, 'The Graduate.'
Too often, compelling moments are countered by meandering edits that lead the story to a sweet but hardly profound conclusion.
An absolute must see, and most of you who see it will love it enough to pick this DVD up for your collection.
...a delightfully quirky look at finding oneself and accepting who and what we are and what life is all about.
What makes Garden State such a pleasure to watch is its great sensitivity to human detail.
A witty, wacky, and wonderful trip through the minefield of being twenty-something.
This is all relatively standard stuff at first glance, but much of the zing of the movie comes from the wobbly curveballs that Braff throws at the formula.
Garden State is nothing short of genius, as moving as it is hilarious.
Braff views these people sincerely. More importantly, he locates their humanity.
Every generation needs its own version of The Graduate, and this one stars Zack Braff
Peter Saarsgard's role in Garden State is one of the main reasons to see the film.
For a director who acts in almost every frame of his own movie, [Braff] acquits himself well.
The stand-out performance belongs to Natalie Portman -- the screen literally lights up whenever she's around.
It's dispiriting to see such a pandering and clunkily written picture get so puffed up with a belief in its own integrity; the movie has a Shins CD where its heart should be.
'Garden State' of Grace
A decent film and an ambitious directorial debut for star Braff, but the movie struck me in just such a way that I was able to see the gears turning and the seams being sewn.
It has much in common with The Graduate, and unlike so many other films that have followed the 1967 classic, it is worthy of the comparison.
Ultimately, The Graduate could only offer that the young would shut out the old and start over. Garden State is about the next season, about getting off the bus.
an auspicious film debut which features some quirky-yet-endearing performances, a killer soundtrack, and a screenplay far deeper than we should expect from a mere sitcom actor
The film's saving grace, ironically, is that earnestness.
I had forgotten that it was possible to laugh at the movies without watching a dog get drunk on Scotch or two unwitting teenage siblings make out.
This "lost souls" movie will be compared to "The Graduate" and "Lost in Translation." But it stands on its own because of its quirky characters and situations.
Mr. Braff, Ms. Portman, Mr. Sarsgaard and Mr. Holm never strike a false note as a remarkably coherent acting ensemble, and it is good to see Ron Leibman again in the small role of Doctor Cohen.
A funny, if not slightly flawed and overly neurotic. Braff and Portman bring a real magic to the piece.
It's heart is beautifully expressed through humour, dry wit and honest emotion that never gets sappy at all.
While I am aware of the film's cliches and formulas, there is still something about this film that connected with me in a visercal way.
An often riotous journey of self-discovery.
the heart and soul of Garden State is Zach Braff . . . I can guarantee my a** will be in the seat for whatever project he helms next
Braff is in possession of a distinct vision and an acute sensibility, both of which become clearly evident during the course of the film.
That rarest of things: a quirky film that actually is quirky, and that isn't just working overtime in a desperate attempt to seem that way.
an offbeat, genuinely moving dramedy
Zach Braff should promptly quit his TV show and devote himself to making movies full-time.
A few overly artsy shots make it look like Braff's trying too hard, but mostly he's simply trying to tell a heartfelt story.
...hardly makes a clean break with the tacky suburban banality it lampoons. Even by the end, Braff's clunky sentiments are rooted in a New Jersey state of mind.
Braff's concern for both his struggling characters and how people with low self-esteem never give themselves a chance to grow seemed heartfelt.
Somewhere between the Prozac and Zoloft is a comedy of intemerate charm.
A film so dedicated to being different that it disappoints.
Portman, a fine young actress, has rarely been used to such good effect.
an atmosphere reminiscent of Chekov in its finely drawn characters and astute observations of how life can be tragic and absurd at the same time
It's not meant to be a masterpiece, just Braff's take on what summer movies could be if Hollywood gave audiences as much respect as they give accountants
This film is somewhat interesting and a good first effort for Zach Braff in his directorial debut.
Braff has an ear for dialogue. ... The pauses, the search for words - the right words - overflow from Braff's script. It ... deserves an original screenplay Oscar nomination.
A warm, good-spirited and captivating original.
Sweet, fuzzy and quirky in a good way -- much like the cracked friendships it engagingly depicts.
A fresh, funny and surprisingly affecting comedy of self-discovery and oddball romance.
Cleverly written, sensitively directed and very well-acted.
Likable enough when it isn't trying too hard to be self-consciously quirky.
So emotionally honest and is so well-done that it's hard not to take to it.
The writer-director never stops telling us a tale that's true at its core.
A wonderful late-summer surprise for audiences to embrace.
Braff balances the comic with the tragic so perfectly that we may laugh and cry, freely and without feeling manipulated, during a single scene.
succeeds as both a solid sentimental comedy and as a serious statement about the dangers of letting life pass you by.
If you're familiar with the music of The Shins and Nick Drake, you have a sense of the melancholic-ironic-romantic-euphoric buzz the movie aspires to instill in viewers...
Zach Braff's writing-directing debut demonstrates that he's got real talent backing up his ambitions.
A mash note to love that will speak to Generation Y as powerfully as The Graduate did to the Boomers nearly forty years ago.
A surprisingly assured debut.
Humanistic and forgiving streak runs through a film that both looks and feels like a labor of love.
As long as Braff keeps making films like this one, he deserves free rein to make out with all the hot, young actresses he wants.
Braff clearly loves these characters, and his enthusiasm for them ultimately carries the day.
[Braff] does more than knock it out of the park -- this one reaches all the way to the county line.
This may make me some sort of traitor to my generation, but I found Garden State-the auteur debut of TV star Zach Braff...-to be a derivative vanity project.
Deadpan, melancholy, and slightly absurd, like Donnie Darko, or Igby Goes Down
[Its] closest cousin is The Graduate, which also discovered beauty in the cognitive disconnect between the things we see and the things we logically expect.
A sublime and sophisticated debut from writer/director/star Zack Braff, this year's "Lost in Translation" with Newark, NJ standing in for Tokyo.
Somewhat of a "Harold and Maude" updated. We could use more films with this kind of spirit.
It may not end up making the generational statement it's grasping for, but it is a thoughtful and eccentric movie that'll win audiences and hearts with refreshing honesty.
Garden State is the quintessential "first film" from a young director: it's packed to the gills with overreaching themes and relentless style.
The whole is not even as great as the sum of its quirky parts.
His movie is sweet-natured and skillful, but its biggest problem is perhaps one Braff wasn't prepared to deal with: his own performance -- or, more accurately, the decision to place a deliberately flat performance at the film's heart.
It's rare for a movie to have so many blooming surprises.
A charming, funny, melancholy ode to twentysomething angst.
Garden State may not define an entire generation, but it has a sharp eye for the passive aimlessness that can take hold when young adults realize there's no handbook on how to find purpose and meaning in life.
The best parts of this droll, quietly witty drama have the ring of truth.
The kind of movie that reminds you why you love movies so much, a film so filled with unexpected energy and ambition and sly intelligence it gives you hope for the future.
Achingly alive, beautifully written first feature.
Boring and nothing happens. I didn't laugh once.
Braff takes the mundanity that surrounds Andrew and turns it into something artfully absurd...
It's like a perfect pop song -- that thing that makes you smile and tear up at the same time.
Call the whole thing a mixed bag.
Sincere, funny and entertaining in a way that not only charms but disarms.
May just be The Graduate for the arrested-development generation.
...a picture that I personally connected with, and one that is likely to be appreciated by most anyone who is still 'searching' for themselves...
The humor tends to lean a little toward the dark side... with an undercurrent of sadness that makes the movie feel more real.
Braff's control of tone, his mastery of image, and feel for creating moments of moments of great sweetness and insight are the qualities of a great film-maker.
A worn rock skipping along a smooth, glassy surface.
Unlike so many movies about everything from falling in love to blowing up asteroids, Garden State actually feels like someone's life unfolding.
Garden State is so full of wit and the genuine heart of characters that you can't help but care about what happens to them.
This comedy works so diligently at being idiosyncratic, it comes off as artificial and forced.
Impeccably cast.
A little gem of a film full of believably offbeat characters and eclectic mood music.
It takes the comic-drama Garden State awhile to take root, but then it quickly grows on you.
Garden State is blazing a new reputation for New Jersey, leaving the Jimmy Hoffa, traffic, and pollution jokes far behind.
I drew traces of Cameron Crowe out of Braff's gem, from his observant screenplay and witty dialogue to his expert use of gorgeous pop music.
Rookie mistakes abound, but Braff regards his characters with respectful curiosity-- he's too sharply intuitive a filmmaker to wreck his jokes by pounding on them too hard.
Zack Braff works wonders with his spare narrative and funky ensemble.
...Garden State is one of those rare films that manages to speak to an entire generation - much like The Graduate and Fight Club before it.
A strong debut feature from a promising new director.
Braff demonstrates a weird visual flair, but his smug script collapses into contrivance before Andrew touches bottom.
There is a little unevenness. But for a directorial debut, it's amazingly assured.
Features some wonderful performances, chief among them an engaging, even courageous turn from Natalie Portman.
It steals shamelessly from The Graduate without indicating a whit of appreciation for the earlier film.
It has an askew sense of humor that's grounded in honest observation.
Worth seeing for some funny, insightful writing, and some nice character work from the cast.
There's a lot to like about Garden State, which, as romantic comedy goes, manages to be both very funny and essentially sweet-natured. It's daffy.
A standard issue, first-movie navel-gaze whose cobwebs Braff meticulously sweeps away by directing the bejesus out of it.
It's smart and unconventional, with a good eye for the perfect detail.
A quirky, at times terrifically sweet and well-acted coming-of-age tale.
A comedy with so many moments of found insight and irony that it can scarcely contain them all.
Almost every scene comes with some sweet surprise, something wonderful and memorable, even at the funeral of a family hamster.
One of the smarter examples of the form.
Has incidental pleasures, but it's no cinematic Eden...a picture with nice moments that never connect into an especially enlightening or compelling whole.
A compulsive liar and non-stop chatterbox, Sam (Natalie Portman) is hands down the most appealing character in "Garden State," and Portman runs away with the movie.
Garden State, Zach Braff's lyrical directorial debut, self-consciously announces itself as a baby buster generational marker -- and richly deserves the designation.
It's the little moments that make Zach Braff's directorial debut a mesmerizing and emotional viewing.
Braff, now a proven triple-threat, is blessed with his own comic chops, an eye for the small details of regular life and a simple, straightforward directorial style.
Braff keeps us engaged with a visual flair that indicates a bright future.
A seductive, genuine, and ultimately heartbreaking comedy.
[A] very good film.
Garden State isn't a great film but is a solid debut on several levels for its creator [Zach Braff].
What shall we call today's 20-somethings just discovering anomie for the first time? Maybe 'The Medicated Generation' fits best. Generation Med.
Garden State depicts self-realization in beautifully modulated baby steps.
What is Method Man doing in Garden State?
Braff, and Garden State, give it the old college try, and at least some, if not all, of the sparks catch.
The situations may be otherworldly (even to someone who hails from Jersey), but the emotions and longings Braff manages to tap into are deeply universal.
A bittersweet and wryly funny coming-of-age film of considerable charm and perceptive intelligence.
Quirkily loveable characters plus a dreamlike and hallucinatory sheen make this fantasical romantic comedy bristle with a sense of bliss and wonder.
Any flaws are offset by a genuinely dark sense of humor, understated performances and a rejection of tidy conclusions.
While not all of the disparate scenes work, the ones that do are amazing.
As an actor, Braff seems to channel Ray Romano, whose genial, earnest persona was better suited to the small screen.
Braff makes a striking directorial debut while leading a superb ensemble cast.
Braff shows a keen visual sense and scores directing scenes both comedic and touchingly human
Delightful, unexpected, intimate, dark, and funny. Best value for your dollar!
A likable if flawed comedy.
Poignantly portrays a detached man who decides to tackle life -- with all its pain, joys and everything in between -- with his eyes open and his head clear.
It's just the kind of story a young writer hoping to reflect the confusion of his entire generation would come up with, but a number of Braff's scenes are surprisingly well written and equally well acted.
A richly populated if uneven act of comic catharsis.
[Braff's] imaginative if sometimes scattered salute to both [the '70s] and Essex County, the place of his birth.
Braff proves himself a master of modulation, keeping a sure grip as the film's tone shifts like quicksand from humor to pathos and back.
It offers something rare in the bond between Andrew and Sam. Their connection follows a believable arc from their first awkward encounter to a specific, believable intimacy, without which the movie's jokiness could have rung hollow.
Illuminates a young man's overdue coming of age with unexpected depth and grace.
Zach Braff's small, smart, off-kilter comedy is too self-conscious by half, but its struggle to revitalize a cliche; by turning it inside out is a worthy one.
It's a hilarious and heartfelt ode to twentysomething angst.
A spunky romantic comedy about an enthusiastic young woman who transforms her lover with the good medicine of her personality.
It's to Braff's credit as a first-time filmmaker with a suburban- laughing-boy soul that his story is as warm and unforced as it is.
Braff does not use flashbacks to get his point across; instead, he opts for the ancient art of 'storytelling.'
A simplistic and insincere character piece with elements of smug comedy.
Stormy twentysomething emotions seethe under a deft quirkfest.
It's a forgettable film featuring a throw-away story with unmemorable characters and unremarkable performances.
It's easy to connect with and enjoy such a universal story about pain, loss, love and overcoming roadblocks.
Freedom is not having the obey your father.
Garden State is a beaming, unforgettable little masterpiece, creatively alive and emotionally intimate at the same time.
There are a few films each year that sneak up out of nowhere and totally knock you out; this is one. Amazing!
[Writer/Director] Braff deftly avoids Author Intrusion by understanding how to imbue his ideas into the fabric of his characters.
A flawed but funny and heartfelt film that suggests: maybe you can go home again-even if that means coming back to Jersey.
At once exquisitely clever and devastatingly poignant.
Garden State is a great movie, full of bizarre wit and winning moments, laden with excellent performances and even a few good-natured morals.
Zach Braff's appeal ... is his ability to underplay the comedy, to appear befuddled and intimidated as madness surrounds him.
An extremely well-modulated and mature work, especially for a first-time filmmaker.
Belongs on the short list of modern films like Beautiful Girls and Lost In Translation which engulf us in an invisible technique known as storytelling excellence.





@highlight

Delivering a quirky spin on familiar twentysomething tropes -- with a cannily-placed soundtrack -- Garden State has enough charm to mark a winning debut for first-time director Zach Braff.