Vigalondo is a talented filmmaker, but this thriller is perhaps a little too ambitious with an execution that doesn't convey all of his big ideas in a way that's cohesive and consistent.
Only by the film's final third does it realize the proper sense of escalation.
Even though the story is over in a click, Elijah Wood has enough power to stop us here and there with great moments of suspense, intrigue and erotism. [Full review in Spanish]
Yes! Yes! It's insane and you have to some parts because its totally illogical, but its really entertaining and exciting... A great time at the movies. [Full review in Spanish]
Yeah, it's an original idea, but sadly this way of storytelling is rapidly becoming repetitive and tires. [Full review in Spanish]
The plot starts pretty solid but it gradually falls appart thowards the end. [Full review in Spanish]
A thriller for a new generation, told in a very technical and innovative way. [full review in Spanish]
[Open Windows] is a complex puzzle that favors formula over content... but as the movie goes on it becomes increasingly unsatisfactory [full review in Spanish]
The plot of "Open Windows" sounds like a great idea for a high-tech thriller. But, the end product, unfortunately, is just a confused mixture of contrivances that don't add up.
A vise-gripped suspenser that reminds in its best moments of Brian De Palma in his professional prime.
You can call Open Windows a lot of things -- baffling, sloppy, unfocused, and heavy-handed -- but you can't call it lazy.
All the cool technology on display fizzles out amid the emotionally detached contrivances.
It's a shame that Open Windows squanders the potential it brews up at its start.
A disgusting tale that imagines its tiny side dish of commentary on toxic fandom and male entitlement makes up for it being a perfect example of such.
With the film feeling so remarkably slapdash, it is a big step down Vigalondo's previous work, and a hugely disappointing English language debut.
What derails things isn't a fault of the technique but rather of the writing.
Despite its clever premise, Open Windows never quite gets around to addressing any of the interesting questions it raises.
By the time the end does come and there's a semblance of a resolution as to who did what to whom, you're left wanting to do a hard reboot to clean things up and start over.
It's nonsense, but it's glorious nonsense.
Before the tedious and convoluted cyber-thriller "Open Windows" is said and done, you may feel like jumping out of one.
A thriller with so many viewpoints, feints and fake-outs that it swiftly disappears up its own URL.
Open Windows works as both a crackerjack suspenser and an intellectually chewy meta-commentary on our current fascination with and engulfment by our digital devices.
[Open Windows] ranks as one of the most inventive films of the year, even if it is a bit head-scratching at times.
The combined concepts are so high that the film resolves as Vigalondo reaches his Icarus moment, the corpse so mangled and unpleasant the project's ambition can only be identified via dental records.
A silly thriller that will make a banging cinema studies paper. Some of it is even reminiscent of Harun Farocki.
Timidity and perhaps fear, of visual confinement, of lingering emotional engagement, closes Nacho Vigalondo's most promising windows.
A fiendishly inventive thriller built around an audacious if unsustainable gimmick, Open Windows elevates Hitchcockian suspense to jittery new levels of mayhem and paranoia.
The gimmick plays well from a technical standpoint, but the story requires a suspension of disbelief that only genre diehards are likely to give.
A strong performance by Elijah Wood and impressive technical directing by Nacho Vigalonda keep the tension high even as leaps in logic become increasingly prevalent.
Unless you are gifted with a preternatural capacity for suspending your disbelief, you cannot help but lose interest in what is actually happening.
Vigalondo is shooting for something densely layered, an expression of the complexity and moral murkiness of the hacker sphere, but he doesn't have the plot sorted out.
Overplotted and underwhelming, the feature gets by on sheer novelty for a considerable amount of time, only to be shut down by the helmer's refusal to play the premise as economically as possible.
Ingeniously structured, masterfully executed, and enormously entertaining.
Whilst it is a world that looks similar to ours, it exists separately, functioning by a set of implausible possibilities that add spice to the magic of the silver screen and the events that play out upon its stage.
By the end the narrative manipulations of Vigalondo's films become too convoluted for their own good, but it is a fun ride through our new virtual existences.
"Open Windows" may fail to collide several worlds together in order to relay a message about the one world we're living in today, but the construction is clever enough to keep you interested until the end.
Described as a 21st Century Rear Window, Open Windows is more like Nick of Time over Skype.
Open Windows spams viewers with an overload of information, creating a technological nightmare that gets lost in its own web of lies.

@highlight

Open Windows is undeniably ambitious; unfortunately, director Nacho Vigalondo's reach far exceeds his grasp.