"Deuce Bigalow: European Gigolo" scrapes the bottom of the barrel and licks all around the sides.
This is gross-out without the gags (other than the stomach-churning variety)
A sequel that can most kindly be described as unnecessary.
It's 82 minutes of rampant misogyny and homophobia, peppered with occasional fits of toilet humor even the most obnoxious ten-year-old would find unfunny.
Schneider é um daqueles sucessos inexplicáveis de Hollywood: sem o menor talento, é considerado engraçado apenas porque está disposto a se sujeitar ao ridículo.
An underlying sweetness and a smattering of good jokes ensure that this stays watchable, although none of the gags are as funny as the poster.
Tips over into the lame stupidity the first film somehow avoided.
Moronic and repulsive.
Like a real gigolo, it screws you and takes your money.
[It] runs an excruciatingly long 1:23 -- one minute of this movie would last a lifetime
The best place for Deuce Bigalow: European Gigolo is at the bottom of the number two diaper pail.
Watching it is like having somebody's annoying pubescent nephew elbowing you in the ribs.
Deuce may be the only role Schneider will ever be good in, but that'll do.
The man-whore's back.
We're talking a jaw-dropping mix of the production values of Pootie Tang with the gross-out quality of Freddie Got Fingered.
Schneider ... doesn't have the talent to turn raunch into comedic gold.
I didn't laugh once during the film, although I did roll my eyes frequently in disbelief.
Rob Schneider serves up a veritable buffet of tastelessness in "Deuce Bigalow: European Gigalo."
It's an unimaginative, mean-spirited gross-out that forgot to bring the funny.
Deuce Bigalow: European Gigolo recycles its lowest common denominator dirty joke even though it wasn't very good the first time.
This "Deuce" sequel is twice as boring as the original
Deuce Bigalow: European Gigolo is the cinematic equivalent of a bunch of 13-year-old boys in a locker room, repeating dirty phrases they've just learned.
At only 77 minutes, Deuce Bigalow: European Gigolo is about 76 minutes too long.
Unfortunately, tacky and tasteless comedies are not often taken seriously, making it rare that they're accorded their just due for anything that they may do particularly well.
...mean-spirited and sophomoric sexual slapstick with all the trivial charm of a sloppy hickey on the neck...an extended dirty joke looking for perverse praise and attention
The most worthless piece of pointless filth on the modern movie screen.
when I walked out of the theater after seeing this film, I had the same feeling you get after vomiting -- queasy, shaky, empty
It is the first work by a director named Mike Bigelow. I assume he got the job because of his name. One day he'll look back on this and weep bitter, salty tears.
When it comes to Deuce Bigalow: European Gigolo, your friendly neighborhood film critic is even less useful than the Maytag repairman.
This turkey should be slow roasted and chucked out the window.
At times, European Gigolo feels more like an international incident than a movie.
It casts such a wide net that the best way to avoid getting offended is not to go.
I miss the old days of bottom-feeder comedy, like back in 1999 when Rob Schneider first played a male prostitute dating a bevy of human freaks.
Along the way, you pray we've finally reached the nadir of gross-out movies; that it's all uphill from here.
Rob Schneider's shtick still amounts to little more than shameless self-deprecation. It's as though he'll do anything for a laugh -- except elevate the humor itself.
Good for Schneider that he was able to bilk a major Hollywood studio out of an estimated $20 million to make this reeking bucket of sewage. Bad for anyone who has the misfortune of seeing it.
It's one thing for Schneider to ask us to laugh at him, but to laugh at deformities, even if they are absurd, is crass and vulgar.
Least imaginative of all -- the TV-commercial director they hired to film it. Yeah, his name is Bigelow, Mike Bigelow. That must have been a real knee-slapper of a meeting.
It's so wrong at times, like the throat hole, but they milk it to the point of exploiting hiccups, so they're not relying on the easy jokes. They work for it.
[Producer] Adam Sandler is a generous friend to Rob Schneider but a sadist to the rest of us.
There is something to be said for the uncompromising idiocy of the film, but that something is unprintable.
[A] crass, gross, and woefully unfunny sequel.
A happily idiotic sequel.
This bare-bones plot is merely an excuse to string together a series of gross-out jokes involving bodily fluids, private parts, food and genetic deformities.
In his 1999 debut, Deuce Bigalow emerged as a shameless beach bum, driving a clunker in a land of Porsche Cayennes, cleaning the scum from the fish tanks of the rich and famous.
Vile and laughless.
This film redefines low-brow humor.
Jokes that were barely funny the first time around -- like Griffin's endlessly resourceful terminology for male prostitutes and their anatomy -- now feel as tired as Deuce after a heavily booked weekend.
What is most annoying is the sequel's capability of inducing laughter even as one hates oneself for so easily succumbing to the total silliness of it all.
Schneider has little to offer as a leading man besides a goofy grin and a willingness to be sprayed with bodily fluids.
Just call it Hustle and Low.
It's good to know someone can still make a good stupid movie, a movie that knows how to laugh at itself instead of merely catering to mankind's lowest instincts.
Either you're down with Deuce Bigalow or you're not. It's as easy as that. (We chose to go lowbrow on this one.)
Deuce Bigalow: European Gigolo gets less funny as it goes along. Considering that this alleged comedy wasn't funny to begin with, that's actually quite an accomplishment.
Schneider, who co-wrote the script, has succeeded in making a film that's nearly review-proof: Most of the dialogue -- packed with names for fictitious sex acts and the gigolos who perfect them -- is unrepeatable in a newspaper.
The title contains two words most of its potential audience won't be able to spell.
There is absolutely no reason on God's green earth a second Deuce should ever exist.
Sorry, Deuce fans, but Schneider's faux-sexy alter ego is back with a thud, not a bang.
How many other movies can have Big Ear Girl called up in the closing credits?
Plays like a second-rate Mad Magazine racing through a version of The Aristocrats as if its crap punchline was actually the prize.
Apparently, in shooting on location in Amsterdam, [the filmmakers] spent the budget on legal hashish rather than on focus pullers or decent film stock.
It is what it is, and sometimes a little own-skin comfort goes a long way.
Note to Adam Sandler, who co-produced this film: Enough already. For the sake of future generations of moviegoers, we beg you to stop getting movies made for your friend.
I did get through it without being overwhelmed by the urge strangle myself, so the movie has that going for it.
The worst movie of the year; it gets an unprecedented half point on our rating scale - even a penis enlargement pump couldn't suck a whole point out of this movie.
Precisely, unfailingly what you would expect.
Movies this bad should never be made -- and if they are, they should never be released. Except perhaps as some sort of Clockwork Orange-style prison experiment.
Watching the movie one feels in need of a bath...With Deuce Bigalow European Gigolo, Hollywood has hit rock bottom.
Hardcore fans of The Howard Stern Show will worship at the altar of the various low-rent attempts to outdo the hair gel scene in There's Something About Mary.
Why are you reading this review? Seriously, do you think this is the movie where Rob Schneider shows the world he's the next Tom Hanks or Jack Nicholson?
Schneider has proven repeatedly that nothing is going to kill his career, but if the case ever goes to trial, European Gigolo should put him away for life.
The usual barrage of cruelty, gross-outs, homophobia, and easy racism.
Any goodwill Rob Schneider was able to wring out of his Deuce Bigalow character the first time around has been stomped into the dirt by the constant, overwhelming, disgusting, over-the-top teenage bathroom humor in the sequel.
... a non-stop barrage of crude dialogue and vulgar sight gags that passes as humor among adolescent boys.
All he has left of her is a prosthetic leg, which he totes around devotedly. Yes, that's the kind of inane humor we're dealing with. But, amazingly, amidst the smutty silliness, there are some laughs.
Director Mike Bigelow maintains a mercifully swift pace, and while the film's humor is deliberately as crass as humanly possible, it is not truly mean-spirited, even though Amsterdam is depicted as a modern-day Sodom and Gomorrah.
With this latest exercise in cynicism, however, it's not Deuce's satisfied clientele, but the audience, that gets the shaft.
There's nothing wrong with stupid, gross-out humor if it's funny. But if it's not funny, all you're left with is stupid and gross.
There's a mood and a market for really low and dumb humor, but Deuce Bigelow: European Gigolo doesn't even seem to be aiming that high.
Lest someone cry 'pompous puritan,' let's quickly state that irreverence is often at the heart of inspired comedy. But this flick's flamboyant political incorrectness is more malicious than mischievous.
There are some big laughs to be had, but just as many fumbles. Deuce would have been better off staying stateside and talking to his late wife's artificial leg.
It would be best appreciated by (a) children of blind, castrated, hearing-impaired Hollywood executives suffering from Tourette's syndrome and arrested development, (b) comic actor-writers who look like Richard Simmons.
Rude, crude and, uh, cosmopolitan, Deuce Bigalow: European Gigolo waves the flag for R-rated politically incorrect studio comedy but doesn't top the laugh ratio of the first Deuce misadventure.
One of those sequels that seem to have been made less out of inspiration than because the right co-production deal came along.
I'm no fan of Schneider, but, like scrapple or the toilet paper at cheap hotels, Schneider fans know what they're getting.
Aggressively bad, as if it wants to cause suffering to the audience.
Bodily fluids seize enough screentime to earn a supporting-actor credit.
Call me immoral, call me insensitive, call me lewd, but I laughed.
The world thanks you, Rob Schneider.
You'll live a happier, fuller life without watching a cancer patient shoot wine through the hole in her neck.
As crazy as the sequel tries to be, it is about as funny as watching people eating worms on reality TV.
A movie that exceeds your lowest expectations--it's not only coarse and raunchy but utterly unfunny.
European Gigolo is more slapdash than its predecessor, and its jokes, albeit blue, are more borrowed than new.







@highlight

A witless follow-up to the surprise 1999 hit, Deuce Bigalow: European Gigolo is raunchy, politically incorrect, and not particularly funny.