Sweetly insightful about how mindblowingly horrifying it is to find oneself with unwanted and unfamiliar romantic feelings, if one is a boy, at least.
Refreshingly realistic tween tale of first love.
A Woody Allen-style New York romcom, only with eleven year-olds.
Nicely well-made, although it'll probably only appeal to young girls.
Little Manhattan is the cutest, funniest, most heartbreaking and inspiring movie you will see all year
The freshness is authentic even when the whimsy grows hard to bear. The two leads are precocious in a way more typical of child actors than actual children.
This little family movie wants to be adorable and ALMOST gets there, but suffers from trying too hard to be too cute.
Todas las personas mayores han comenzado por ser niños, pero pocas de ellas lo recuerdan.
As directed by Mark Levin, Little Manhattan is an endearing, affectionately humorous and even lyrical depiction of the dawning of adolescence amid the privileged.
Becomes something quite startling -- a sweet story about first love that manages to be a great date movie for adults, too.
[It's] as if the filmmakers (maybe without even realizing it) are mocking his emotions, implying that kids are just kids, and only think they feel what they're feeling.
it isn't about kids playing dress-up and talking like world-weary grown-ups. It's about knowing the right time to hold someone's hand
A beautiful, layered, uplifting, dizzyingly romantic motion picture. This is one of the year's very best films, and one of its most unexpected cinematic treasures.
Spending about 90 minutes with these two does eventually warm the heart, even if they're stuck in a paint-by-numbers plot.
This grotesquely manipulative bit of whimsy is like sucking on a sugar cube for ninety minutes when each of your teeth is suffering from an exposed nerve.
A moderately charming comedy depicting a fumbling prepubescent first romance in a beautiful, fairy-tale version of the borough.
Seeks to be a whimsical premise but, except for a few moments, proves ponderous instead.
Reliving the roller-coaster ride of young love from the point of view of these phenomenal young actors offers a humorous escape from the adult world, where the little things in relationships are often taken for granted.
A big surprise, a comedy detailing the angst of first love with rare candor.
What a treasure -- a funny, tart, romantic comedy about tweens suffering the pangs of first love. It makes the cityscape an essential part of the romance, like a junior, vintage Woody Allen.
This small-scale, perfectly acted family film listens in on all the doubts and desires of an 11-year-old as he confronts new feelings about a girl he has known practically all his life.
It begins to wear a little thin in a feature format.
It's the little things such as confusing voices on the phone that show you that the husband-wife team of director Mark Levin and Jennifer Flackett are paying close attention to what kids do, say and go through.
Who is this movie's target audience, anyway? Preteens will be bored stupid, while adults are unlikely to want to revisit puppy love in such grueling detail.
This adorable comedy will appeal to all those who loved and experienced giddy feelings during "A Little Romance."
Delightful look at two kids' first romance.
A totem to white privilege.




@highlight

Little Manhattan is a sweet story of young love that provides an enlightening if pragmatic view on love and courtship.