Simply exceptional. [Full review in Spanish]
A Separation is one of the year's most accomplished films, and like so many films we might characterize as "accomplished," it hasn't garnered actual detractors. It merely fosters a coterie of skeptics.
A Separation ends on the perfect note, a nearly impossible decision whose weight is left on our shoulders while the credits roll.
Brilliantly [Asghar Farhadi] has posited his questions and dilemmas so that they are open-ended, depending entirely upon what the viewer brings to the table in terms of past experience and personal emotional involvement.
Its familiar and informal tone has accomplished what few films do: to be a hit among critics and less demanding moviegoers. [Full review in Spanish]
A Separation achieves a delicate balance between the foreign and the familiar.
Although its surface impartiality helped the film get past officious censors, underneath is a more complex picture.
It's ferociously wise, gripping, unsettling and acted with unerring conviction.
As pure entertainment, "A Separation" is flawless. But as social commentary, one could infer a conservative agenda.
You cannot watch the film without feeling kinship with the characters and admitting their decency as well as their mistakes.
Ambiguous endings can work for some films, but it doesn't here. Still, the powerful performances and near seamless screenplay leave little else to be desired. A Separation deserves its Oscar.
A case study in how simplicity can produce spectacular results that extend far beyond a film's budget.
[A] flawless domestic portrait.
... a complex and nuanced movie about the ... the collapse of a relationship between intelligent people of good will. It is heartbreaking and subtle, the sort of film that some folks say isn't made often or well enough by the usual Hollywood suspects.
A Separation infuses a great insight into modern Iran with a powerful insight into the human condition - this demonstrates the power and poetic potential of cinematic drama. It's a MUST see.
Writer-director Asghar Farhadi performs some kind of miracle with the tension and complexity he produces from such a simple set-up.
...riveting, enormously resonant and impressively acted...
Fahardi's accomplishment is to have brought to the screen a group of equally complex, equally flawed, and equally human characters whose only real problem is that they must live life with each other.
Offers an unwritten ending that must be decided by each viewer.
... subtlety and a sense of profound decency ...
A clever, insightful and heartfelt examination of human frailty that makes watching subtitles seem like a breeze.
It's fast paced, exciting, thrilling, edgy, moving, engaging, and - in its portrait of a justice system almost radically alien to the one I live under - absolutely fascinating.
Although the film might serve as a portrait of Iran's two conflicting social groups as reflected in the Green movement/Ahmadinejad clashes, it is much more about moral contradictions that any society has to face. A masterpiece.
It's the little moments in Farhadi's film that are its most important, speaking every bit as loudly as its big, narrative-driving moments.
Dynamically shot and paced like a thriller, the film has the density and moral prickliness of a good novel.
If any one film can re-inject life into an entire national cinema, it's A Separation.
You may also find that some aspects of this very foreign story seem disturbingly not all that foreign.
Nothing earth-shattering happens in A Separation, but the straightforwardness of this view of a disintegrating marriage, set in the context of complicated cultural and religious morés, is dramatic by itself.
An outsider could see these characters as misguided. That's not the reality however. Farhadi slips us into their shoes and we appreciate each of their perspectives.
Asghar Farhadi has written a superb screenplay and directs it with equal brilliance. He has managed to make a film that says something about the state of affairs in his Iran and weaves that message into an engrossing tapestry of mystery and drama.
The complex realities of human emotions and experience are more than sufficient to carry a film, and Farhadi doesn't let fussy direction or attempts to be overly clever get in the way of letting this brilliant, quietly insightful story unfold.
A clarion cry that cuts through the xenophobic clutter and the dense fog of war to show that not everyone "over there" is a boogeyman waiting to jump out of the closet. If that sounds terribly simplistic, just consider where we live.
A Separation is more than a character study; it's a deftly plotted drama that unfolds layer after layer and will leave you asking all kinds of questions about your beliefs and moral judgments. Fascinating stuff.
The story has no winners, and the daringly ambiguous ending defies simple conclusions. Even the title can be taken multiple ways.
The movie opens the door on a foreign culture, yet the people do not seem that dissimilar. .... They deal with some of the same struggles ... -- generational and class conflicts, ideological differences, and connecting and communicating emotionally.
A devastating portrait of two families in crisis, with their class differences representing the title's true 'separation.'
"A Separation" deals with some very murky issues, but it does so with astonishing clarity.
The movie is a singular mix of the foreign and the familiar, but is it the best 2011 film in the whole wide world? A 99? I can't say that I concur with my colleagues on that score.
A Separation explores how presumed social norms are extremely tenuous and how threats to these almost illusory ideas can threaten our sense of personal security.
Farhadi does not talk down to his viewer, and he trusts his audience to make their own decisions.
The performances and direction match the sharply observed screenplay, which is layered and nuanced, never settling for the pat answer. Indeed, it avoids answers as much as it can, giving audiences a far more interactive experience than most films
Thought provoking and powerful drama. One action becomes the trigger for the unravelling that filmmaker Asghar Farhadi explores: secrets, lies and truths are exposed
a brilliant, mesmerizing drama, incredibly well-acted by its ensemble cast
One of A Separation's many virtues is the way it gradually reveals, Rashomon-like, the complicated facts, half-truths, and lies that each character tells for perfectly legitimate reasons.
Finely crafted drama teems with conflicts involving class, generations, mental health and good old fashioned lying.
These people seem so real they might live next door. And they probably do.
What is a sin? What is right? When is it okay to lie? All these questions swirl in a movie that might possibly be the best foreign language film at this year's Academy Awards.
"A Separation" is a plaintive fable of the human condition that unites us.
One of the year's best reveals life in Iran
A tragically familiar family drama whose heartbreaking "for want of a nail" sequence of events spirals out of control at an intimate and individual level.
A Separation shows the human struggle for respect and a better life. It's a struggle rife with human frailty. Asghar Farhadi is a sly writer and director, and leaves us with questions that are provocative and elusive.
Very few movies capture as convincingly as A Separation does the ways in which seemingly honorable decisions can lead to interpersonal conflict -- even disaster.
Smart, provocative, and brimming with ungovernable human emotions.
To say the piercing Iranian film A Separation is about divorce is a bit like saying The Wizard of Oz is about a pair of slippers.
A meandering, nerve-wracking, ultimately worthwhile tour of contemporary Iranian urban life.
Above all, Farhadi’s parable teaches that a rush to judgment inevitably turns back on the judge.
It's a portrait of an essential and sympathetic human dilemma, and in that it's both real and timeless in ways that transcend borders, cultures and languages.
"A Separation" moves beyond one couple's sundering marriage to reveal growing rifts between generations, ideologies, religious mind-sets, genders and classes in contemporary Iran.
Is it possible, the movie asks, that children, with their belief in absolutes, have purer moral compasses than their forced-to-compromise parents?
Partly a courtroom drama, partly a political satire and partly a twisty thriller that gradually draws you in and becomes more engrossing with each new revelation.
Expectedly, the volatility is penetrating, but the feature is methodical, stewing in every last moment of unease and contemplation, stretching to a point where Farhadi is practically lapping himself.
A quietly lacerating portrait of familial discord that morphs into a wider portrait of society and law...While the setting might be foreign, its concerns are universal.
"A Separation" is a great movie, a look inside a world so foreign that it might as well be another planet, yet so universal that its observations are painfully familiar to anyone, anywhere.
The characters are deliberately ordinary, but their stories take on the weight of myth.
A gripping family drama.
Ambiguous and enigmatic, it revolves around the termination of a marriage in contemporary Tehran.
Farhadi's carefully wrought narrative and the ways it handles the fragile emotions of its characters truly sets it apart, not only from contemporary Iranian cinema but world cinema in general.
What counts is that talented writer/director Asghar Farhadi structures it in a culturally compelling and mysterious way, while balancing all the characters to avoid easily typed "good guys" and "bad guys."
Emotionally resonant beyond the filmmaker's own country and culture, it is a compassionate yet searingly precise film that refuses to name villains, nor to let any of its protagonists off the hook
What is so truly astonishing about writer/director Asghar Farhadi's feature is how universal it is.
Sometimes, in an attempt to do the best we can for the people we love, we end up wreaking irreparable damage.
I hope "A Separation" is the beginning of a new cinematic dawn for Iranian filmmakers.
Asghar Farhadi's emotionally epic movie is not just a masterpiece dramatically, it is a movie dramatically of its moment.
[The film] puts us in the uncomfortable role of the adjudicator.
It's small. It's real. And it's deeply moving.
This is a trenchant emotional thriller that you watch in dread, awe, and amazing aggravation.
Culturally specific but universally relatable, this slowly escalating Iranian drama boasts incredibly impressive motivational clarity.
Some films wear their artistry so lightly they appear simply to be happening, the inner workings of the story guided by an unseen hand.
The film involves its audience in an unusually direct way, because although we can see the logic of everyone's position, our emotions often disagree.
This is primarily a human story about a marriage unraveling, the husband torn between love for his daughter and devotion to his father, the daughter torn between one parent and the other.
It's an indictment of a culture in which religion and tradition poison a legal system. It is an exploration of the power of a lie. It is a mystery and a courtroom drama. Above all, however, it is a tale of love and sacrifice.
For all the stifled truths of its characters, Farhadi's film feels like a gust of brisk air.
...like being caught in a barbed-wire fence of ethical dilemmas.
Feels like a peek through a neighbor's window.
The progressively tedious atmosphere ultimately prevents the film's final scenes from making any real emotional impact...
Farhadi is less concerned with the bugs and variations in human perception than cracks in the average moral compass, little fault lines that prompt good people to make bad decisions.
In the guise of a whodunit, Farhadi paints a nuanced portrait of Iranian society that, seen through our Western eyes, looks at once utterly alien and strikingly familiar.
Rashomon-like in its perceptual complexities, truth vs. belief, Asghar Farhadi's drama forces us to constantly shift our assessments and allegiances.
Estabelece definitivamente Asghar Farhadi como um dos diretores mais consistentes e fascinantes do Cinema contemporâneo.
This is not the Iran that the nightly news has turned into a land of evil and inhumanity. These characters are people who love and feel anger and regret. They're simultaneously familiar and new.
Crafts a minefield out of the mundane and may very well be a masterpiece for it.
Offers a fascinating, impartial view of modern Iran.
The emotional oscillations that pulsate through A Separation -- with its tangle of unfulfilled needs, sliding values, unspoken desires, male posturing, and feminist dilemmas -- are as thrilling as the antics in any Hitchcockian thriller.
What makes it so good is that no one is bad. These humans, desperate to do right, are caught up in a perfect storm of inhumanity. The evil is in the ecosystem.
An incisive look at entangled family ties in modern Iran ... where self-deceit is as pervasive in this society as anywhere else.
The audience is rocked back and forth in sympathy. . . in a tangled predicament. [N]one is one-dimensional in the superb ensemble [as] the point of view changes by minutes.
The film wraps us, with stunning directness, in the complex folds of its characters' passions.
A Separation is not the work of a constrained artist. It's a great movie in which the full range of human interaction seems to play itself out before our eyes.
Farhadi's true focus is the flawed capacity for any law -- any form of cold rationality, period -- to address the slippery nature of human affairs. It's a frantic microcosm of life itself.
The miracle of A Separation is that it doesn't spare any of its characters, nor does it seek to indict them. It is a democratic portrait of a theocratic world.
Tensely involving Iranian drama with niche potential.
Tense and narratively complex, formally dense and morally challenging.
A constant surprise, a film that captures the drama and suspense of real life as urgently as any picture released this year.
Simin's and Nader's divorce debate is the first of many complex issues raised and passionately argued in A Separation.
Movies with this kind of moral complexity are rare, so not only is it worth seeking out, it's one you need to see with friends because it invites -- or rather demands -- debate afterward.
Asghar Farhadi's A Separation serves as a quiet reminder of how good it's possible for movies to be.
So much fun to watch that you could very nearly miss the important fact that it is also as piercing a critique of Iranian society as that country has produced in some time.
There are no heroes or villains in this story: there are only everyday figures who try their best and struggle to survive.
One of the year's most engrossing films, directed by Asghar Farhadi from his richly layered screenplay (some advice: pay particular attention to what occurs in the sequence following the opening credits)
A downbeat family drama of no particular distinction gradually turns into a mystery that raises painful moral questions.
We can't believe our own eyes. How can we begin to pick one of the many competing narratives before us?
It's a deceptive, Hitchcockian mystery whose clues are laid out so carefully you'll probably miss them, and a complex philosophical fable in which every character is morally compromised.
It's a thrilling domestic drama that offers acute insights into human motivations and behavior as well as a compelling look at what goes on behind a particular curtain that almost never gets raised.
Sophisticated and universal yet deeply intimate, A Separation is an exquisitely conceived family drama that has the coiled power of a top-notch thriller.
I know I wasn't expecting one of the year's best movies to come from Iran, but here it is.
Riveting
It is a rigorously honest movie about the difficulties of being honest, a film that tries to be truthful about the slipperiness of truth.
While the specifics are rooted in Iranian culture, the broad strokes are entirely universal -- it's an intelligent, intriguing and inviting film.
grand metaphorical fiction that unpacks a weighty and involving story
The Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film belongs right here... 'A Separation' is a landmark film. No way will you be able to get it out of your head.
Beyond the impeccable performances and direction, it's foremost an exceptional piece of screenwriting, so finely wrought that the drama seems guided by an invisible hand.
A richly written and performed legal procedural from Iran that enlightens as well as entertains.
Together and apart, Hatami and Maadi are magnetic.
A movie that continually surprises you, reminding you that the best films are the ones that deal with complex emotional truth, rather than a clichéd cinematic version of it.
What's fascinating is how the various issues -- religious or practical -- are played out in these two quite different families, yet always come down to irreconcilable differences between rebellious women and their stiff-necked, controlling men.
Far more than just the simple domestic drama it pretends to be, filled with subliminally veiled statements that add up to something with far more layers and levels.
...interesting, and engaging, in both a storytelling and sociological/cultural study fashion.
Getting absorbed in the film's complex layers of procedural negotiation and domestic argument, you'll realize that we often settle for too little from our screenplays.
A searing Iranian film about divisiveness as a toxin in relationships.
One of the best foreign films of the year, at once particular and universal in its concerns.
Farhadi brings us as close as can be to these characters, but he also refuses to editorialize or nudge us too far in any one direction.
Farhadi demonstrates a Hitchcockian flair for suspense, while his cast deliver faultless performances.
Barriers both transparent and persistently present encase the characters of A Separation, constricting them in ways social, cultural, religious, familial, and emotional.
A light yet powerful Islamic family drama that refuses to cave in to stereotypes.
Farhadi refuses to allow his camera to judge his characters. It just observes, and sees every character with empathy.
If it feels familiar, it's because it's as poignant, precarious, and endlessly complicated as life itself.
A solid Iranian Oscar-entry that puts women in the forefront in a battle of wills that happily posits more questions than answers.
"A Separation" could hardly be more concrete, or contemporary, or dramatic.
Director Asghar Farhadi torques each twist of the intricate narrative with jewelled precision. Right under the noses of the theocratic regime, he has made a family drama inlaid with a sly critique of Iran's obdurate patriarchy.
An exquisitely acted, ambiguous, believable portrait of a society where everything-religion, tradition, justice, gender politics, medicine, everything-is royally and perhaps irreversibly screwed up.
It resonates deeply thanks to its universality, which it miraculously achieves without ever once selling out the social mores of its location. Profoundly affecting, wonderfully performed and endlessly surprising.
A masterpiece of intimate, dramatic filmmaking.
The iniquities of contemporary Iran are essayed in this absorbing, award-winning marital drama about the ways in which tiny events can have cataclysmic consequences.
Explores the religious, cultural, social and judicial minefield that is modern Iraq through the story of a divorcing middle-class couple.
A remarkably poised marital thriller from Iran, full of surprise developments and suppressed volatility.
A stunning piece of work, beautifully telling a raw human story with expert writing, direction, photography, editing and acting
This is a movie that makes you pay attention to action and consequences in a way that has more or less completely disappeared from mainstream cinema.
It's well acted, thoughtful, using a realistically messy scenario to draw together strong central themes. Unusual and well worth a look.
You won't see a more absorbing film all year.
A Separation twists and turns, layering on crucial details and moral quandaries in each scene, never for a moment allowing us the luxury of identifying too easily with any single character.
With great power and subtlety, Farhadi transforms this ugly quarrel into a contemporary tragedy.
A movie you'll muse upon for new shades of meaning.
Proves to be a masterful insight into the spiritual and secular hypocrisies currently fragmenting Iranian society.
A bit of a slog, although fresh and even lyric in moments.
Impressively directed and sharply written, this is a compelling and emotionally gripping human drama with terrific performances from a strong cast.
'A Separation' is lively and suspenseful as both drama and debate.
Quietly revolutionary film-making, executed in a thought-provoking fashion while triggering an exciting new Iranian voice of its own in this genre.
Powerful art cinema that challenges political and social unity in Iran.
Cleverly, as new details emerge about what REALLY happened, your sympathy lurches from side to side like Amy Winehouse doing Back To Black at the Belgrade Alhambra.
Will make you re-examine everything you thought you knew about Iran.
Impressively shot and acted, A Separation refuses to judge its characters: everyone here has their reasons.


@highlight

Morally complex, suspenseful, and consistently involving, A Separation captures the messiness of a dissolving relationship with keen insight and searing intensity.