In the end, you'll be left with a movie that you wish you could like more than you do. And then you'll forget about it.
Lighthearted while managing to mix a torture scene with a recipe for spaghetti sauce, the film's myriad elements come together with a deft touch, without losing the plot.
The film itself is a tone-deaf, awkward mess that is miles below the actor's maligned bombs like Waterworld and The Postman.
( ... ) a mindlessly entertaining, disjointed, frequently unbelievable hell-for-leather action adventure.
Fine, in a mid-budget, wholly inconsequential way.
3 Days to Kill is a frequently bizarre, never boring mash-up that doesn't come together yet perfectly encapsulates everything both good and bad about Luc Besson's recent output
French filmmaker Luc Besson continues to combine family themes with intense violence (see Taken), but at least this film has a wry sense of humour about it.
Something very special: a Kevin Costner vehicle that makes both The Postman and Waterworld seem fearsomely substantial.
This time the Taken formula of ultra-violence and sentiment fails to deliver the same guilty-pleasure thrills.
The director McG seems uncertain whether he should concentrate on the action or the family drama.
If it's meant to be a spy movie, it's not exciting. If it's meant to be a comedy, it's not funny. If it's meant to be dumb, absurd, and risible, it's a success.
Far too generic and cliched, and offers very little we haven't seen before.
On paper, this genre flick looks like an attempt to do for Kevin Costner what Taken did for Liam Neeson. Unfortunately, it doesn't have Taken's pace and energy, despite the writing presence of Luc Besson in both movies.
Costner might not be the box-office draw he once was but surely he can find better things to do than this dismal Europudding?
Seeks to reposition Kevin Costner as a Neesony badass dad, casting him as a growly CIA type using a Parisian layover to juggle terrorist-offing with teaching daughter Hailee Steinfeld how to ride a bike.
The film is just stupefyingly bad, failing to be funny whenever it isn't failing to be Taken, and wittering on forever like a lunatic on a bench.
Some sort of lazily conceived exercise designed to distract undemanding teens and people too knackered to follow anything of substance after a hard day's work.
Kevin Costner tries his hand at a Neeson-style B-movie and accidentally heralds the death of cinema as we know it.
n the end it's Costner who's the film's saving grace, his chemistry with Steinfeld lends the movie enough emotional weight to make it tolerable in between the car chases and gunfire.
For the most part it's a confused and poorly written mixture of thriller and sentimental comedy-drama that struggles to find the right tone.
Charlie's Angels director McG used to know how to marshal a decent action scene (if nothing else), but that touch seems to have deserted him.
The aim is a little off, but at least it's nice to see that Costner is still firing on all cylinders.
Neither director McG nor writer Luc Besson are known for their austere realism, so expect rampant witlessness among all the bone-crunching, blood-spraying action.
Got 2 hours to kill? Spend them elsewhere.
This muddled, over-long and increasingly dull comedy action flick really is no way to relaunch a movie career
If you think being a CIA assassin is tough, try making sense of a teenage girl!
It's silly, over-the-top, and completely unbelievable at times, but it's a lot of fun, which is something that can make all the difference in a film like this.
If you've ever seen a Luc Besson movie before, you'll feel 'transported' into familiar territory with '3 Days to Kill.'
...a fun look at how even the toughest guys - the baddest asses on the planet - are capable of an emotional evening with the ladies of their lives.
...the scattered vibe prevents the viewer from working up any interest in or enthusiasm for the central character's ongoing exploits.
... tries to string together some stylish action sequences but can't balance them with the muddled domestic drama.
A goofy, brainless, but undeniably fun ride.
Director McG teams up with a grizzled Kevin Costner and a story by French populist Luc Besson for a terrific collision of action, family drama and nutty humour.
It's just as ridiculous as it sounds - and, thankfully, played mostly for laughs.
Every gag is premised on the fact that Renner allows his work and personal lives to overlap, though this contradicts everything we've been told about him and would obviously heighten the risk to his loved ones.
Costner's calm save "Days."
Five seconds: That's the maximum length of any uninterrupted shot in McG's action thriller 3 Days to Kill. Call it filmmaking for the Adderall Generation.
An impossibly sexy operative shows up from the Agency - maybe it's a modeling agency? - and Fausts him a bargain: Kill some bad guys and she'll give him some magic beans ...
What it lacks in Albanian sex traffickers, the picture makes up for in bizarro comic flourishes and heartstring-tugging corn. I've seen Lifetime movies with more existential drama.
Never finds the right balance between action, comedy and drama, but thanks to Costner it remains watchable.
Pure trash but it's entertaining as hell.
The movie never finds a way to blend the emotional and the rat-a-tat-tat into one seamless package the way that Besson did in his one and only good movie, The Professional.
How did 3 Days to Kill, which doesn't have the worst imaginable premise, turn out this bad?
If you like the fast-paced thrillers with twists that we've come to associate with Luc Besson then this should score.
Not a great movie but also not a bad way to spend an afternoon or evening.
Yet another schizophrenic Hollywood fantasy about a sensitive, caring hitman that can't decide whether it's a action thriller, a comedy, or a family drama. Whatever it is, it's silly but fairly entertaining.
The only thing 3 Days to Kill murders is 117 minutes, plus viewers' patience and goodwill; a stunning lack of attention to detail is its most consistent trait.
...As an entertainment, it's a frantic, eager trifle, so pleased to be funny and so happy to kick ass, that you might find yourself caught up in the sloppy energy of it all.
If this sounds like the recipe for a slick-but-vapid action picture, oui, it is.
Another pass (or two or three) on the script could have found more credible solutions and a more cohesive tone for a more polished product overall.
Takes Luc Besson's two favorite subjects and merrily glomps them together, along with, well, whatever may have passed by his window during the creative process.
It's a decidedly mediocre effort, with exactly one memorable action scene, and when it pushes too hard into sentimental territory, it feels completely unearned.
3 Days to Kill offers little substance that hasn't been handled more effectively in previous Luc Besson directed Euro-action/thrillers.
The result is an action comedy that delivers a couple of satisfying gunfights, lands a few funny moments, and fumbles the dramatic beats.
3 Days to Kill is a bit confused about what it wants to be, but some of the things its trying on work and that makes it worth killing some time with -- just not at full price at a movie theater.
The wackiness of a man simultaneously trying to juggle the antithetical roles of Mr. Mom and James Bond is continually undercut by grim themes the film doesn't have the intelligence, depth, or decency to tackle adequately[.]
"3 Days to Kill" does not know what kind of film it wants to be and that is not a good thing.
Once again writer and producer Luc Besson has cranked out another second-tier, unpretentious action entertainment with a minimum of fuss.
While Kevin Costner makes a believably bewildered hero, using his deadpan demeanor to farcical advantage, the result is contrived and forced, a two-hour diversion - at best.
3 Days to Kill is simply indecisive of its purpose, and the result is tonal cacophony.
...a trashy but fun vehicle for Kevin Costner.
To the degree that the film works, it's because Costner plays the straight man.
A comic-tragic-sentimental genre hodgepodge that wants to make you feel all the feelings amid all that action spectacle. It doesn't entirely deliver, but at times you can't help but admire its strangeness.
Desperate to be something, 3 Days to Kill chooses to be everything, resulting in an extraordinarily confused feature that's all over the map in terms of tone and execution.
For those who thought 'Taken' needed more filler, this movie.
At the end of the day, this movie didn't need 3 days to kill. 2 hours was more than enough.
The light humor helps to make palatable the more violent scenes in the film. (Also read our Full Content Review for Parents)
Just sit back and enjoy. "3 Days to Kill" is big dumb fun anchored by a good actor's refusal to take himself too seriously.
It's the modern dilemma: how to balance work with family, get the job done, and still have time to share a meal with the wife and kid.
Costner deserves better, and the fact that he doesn't phone it in here indicates that he thinks maybe so do you.
I don't want to believe a professional writer came up with this stuff.
There's a lot wrong with this movie, but there are things it does right. Just when you think things have gone irretrievably off the rails, Costner manages to hold it together.
A very strange but entertaining time killer.
A scattershot McG action/comedy/romance/drama, the closest our era has to the audience-pleasing ambitions of William Wyler, if Wyler had first gotten drunk on Bud Light Lime.
3 Days to Kill is entertaining enough, ironically, for those with some time to kill.
As comedy, as drama, as crime actioner, the film ends up making little impact at all.
The tone here is just generally all over the place, jumping from action blowouts to screwball comedy to father-daughter pathos. But it isn't particularly good at any of the three.
Tthis is a very disjointed movie given to some weird "what movie are we in now?" tangents.
All over the map from a dramatic and tonal standpoint, but it nearly gets by on on the presence of Kevin Costner in one of his most lighthearted parts in ages.
3 Days To Kill is one Liam Neeson shy of a Liam Neeson vehicle.
Long before Kevin Costner is demanding pasta sauce info at gunpoint from a terrified Italian hostage in 3 Days to Kill, it's obvious no one is following any kind of coherent recipe for this movie.
[3 Days To Kill is] an espionage tale, a family drama and 1940s film noir. The problem is the three go together about as well as speed skating and a sandy beach.
The result is a little like baby bear's porridge, neither all bad nor all good, though not quite right yet either.
The acting performances elevate the material from 'predictable' to 'predictable but fun.'
The idea seems to have been to explore how little sense a movie could make, and how little that could matter, and also to allow Mr. Costner to indulge in some good-natured sadism and a bit of middle-aged sentimentality.
Costner reminds us why he is a movie star with ease and likability that is a perfect match for Besson's trademark mash-up: intense action, gooey sentiment, and goofy comedy.
[A] bloated, queasy, quasi-comical extravaganza.
Costner has no problem delivering the goods.
Costner makes the movie, if not believable, at least entertaining.
"3 Days," though not without pleasures, doesn't seem to know what it is; it's three not-quite-good-enough movies, all in one.
I realize that action-thrillers are not usually known for their Mensa scripts, but "3 Days to Kill" sets a new, all-time low.
This whole film is laughable, which is a shame since Besson wrote the very fine "District B13" --- but that was ages ago.
Contrived and manic, Days can't decide whether it's a thriller, comedy or feel-good family film.
It's like a bad Liam Neeson actioner crossed with a worse American sitcom, and it's a mess.
Both an illness subplot and family affairs serve to bog down what seemed a peppy fogey fighting romp.
Like Ethan, "3 Days to Kill" has a job to do, but it prefers to shoot first and ask questions later.
At one point in '3 Days to Kill' Kevin Costner says, 'I've done some terrible things.' The movie proves it.
Kids, don't drink and write or you could cause an accident like the script for "3 Days to Kill."
If only every disposable action movie could be as bizarrely entertaining, and secretly insane as 3 Days to Kill is.
Every so often a bad movie will become so mind-bogglingly, existentially bad that it turns perversely good. Unfortunately, "3 Days to Kill" isn't that bad.
Costner effortlessly blends deadpan comic flair with action movie heroics in this preposterous but entertaining genre mashup.
McG and Besson are perfect collaborators, men finely attuned to what makes throwaway entertainment really pop.
Any possibility of sleeper-hit status has been fatally compromised by watered-down fight scenes and misguided family man dramatics.
Besson provided the story and co-wrote the screenplay for a film directed by McG, who does his usual McGhastly job with action and is McGruesome when it comes to comedy.
Not suitable for sober viewers.
Costner seems bored by most of the convoluted goings-on.
A movie primarily distinctive as a jacob's ladder of choices that make less and less sense, McG's latest is an ambitious disaster that tries to be two things at once - an action movie and a domestic comedy - but does neither well.
"3 Days" feels interminable, both too generic in its execution and too pleased with its irreverent attitude.
McG may strip down his approach and serve up a variety of slick, well-paced shoot-outs and car chases, but his technical skill can't quite overcome the story's lazy sense of humor and incomprehensible account of international espionage.
Points for effort all the way around, and welcome back, Costner. Let's hope things get better from here.
Daft and sloppy, dark and yeah -- funny. As funny as any movie where torturing terrorists and taking their advice on raising a teen can be.

@highlight

3 Days to Kill uneasily mixes technically accomplished action sequences with an underdeveloped family conflict.