A wonderfully crafted documentary about a most unusual long-term relationship
A great, revealing documentary; one of the best films released in 2008
The documentary, made after Isherwood's death and with Bachardy's enthusiastic participation, is as much a love story as a chronicle of Bachardy's maturation into a man and an artist.
Long before anyone was talking about gay marriage, that's what Christopher Isherwood and Don Bachardy had
Isherwood was the far more interesting subject, but Chris & Don is all about Bachardy -- an observation that feels like opportunism more than love story.
Despite an age difference of 30 years, their connection was immediately electric; their first kiss, the story goes, broke a window.
Surprisingly, this 2007 documentary about their 34-year relationship becomes more engrossing as its focus shifts from Isherwood to Bachardy...
It's a sentimental and loving picture, playing out as a leisurely cocktail-hour stroll through an enchanting life.
There's a bit of Pygmalion meets The Portrait of Dorian Gray to it, and yet part of the documentary's slyness involves probing those aspects while never losing sight of the pain and glories of any emotional relationship that lasts as long as
A charming, loving portrait electrified by the inclusion of lots of terrific home movie footage. These relics of gay history are worth the rest of the movie.
With delectable-looking home movies of the couple's travels in California and Europe, Chris and Don offers an intimate portrayal of a passionate, enduring association, as well as a social history of postwar life.
Regardless of whether you recognize the names of Christopher Isherwood or Don Bachardy, this masterful documentary draws you into the men's lives like a star-studded bedtime tale.
Santi and Mascara are right to call their film A Love Story, because this is the portrait of a marriage as full and enviable as the greatest unions in literature.
It's an extraordinary film that gay audiences will find particularly salient, no doubt, yet audiences with an affinity for the writings of Isherwood or nostalgia for the golden age of Hollywood may find it intriguing as well.
A charming, illuminating portrait of the complex and storied queer romance between Isherwood and Bachardy.
The subtitle of the film is 'A Love Story.' The picture makes the worn term fresh, moving.
I must say, this is a pricelessly moving documentary.
Isherwood and Bachardy's story features cameos by a galaxy of literary and cinema stars, but few are as impressive as the protagonists, who defied the conventions of their times by living openly as a happy, well-adjusted couple.
The work is a reflective hodgepodge of unnervingly 'cute' animation, reenactments, archival footage, and Bachardy's own reminiscences, spoken in the singular British accent he invented just as he invented his own unorthodox life.
Chris & Don: A Love Story examines a complicated and enduring relationship that raised eyebrows even in Hollywood.
[A] much-celebrated documentary from the festival circuit.
What could have been sordid emerges instead as fiercely funny and touching. Even the animated sequences featuring the lovers the way they imagined themselves - Chris as a horse, Don as a cat - resonate with feeling and blunt truth.
Affecting and beautifully realized documentary.
Though a bit too conventional to perfectly reflect the unique affair at its center, Chris & Don is likely to inspire romantics of all kinds.
visually-rich documentary
One of the most positive, affecting portrayals of queer romance in recent memory.
While they might have had their ups and downs, the subjects of Chris & Don are a testament to fidelity.
A celebration of love and art, whatever the stripe or medium.
A real-life romance to put all those rom-com fairy tales to shame.
By examining this older/younger couple for differences of social circumstance, individual ego and personal desire that pertain to any love relationship, Santi and Mascara present a complex testament of gay experience. It's remarkable because it's rare.
Chris & Don: A Love Story does what a good documentary should. It informs the mind and broadens the horizon while never losing its entertainment value.
Primed as we are by a culture rich in both homophobia and dirty old men, we can be forgiven for anticipating a sordid cautionary tale. It's a shock -- a happy shock -- when Chris & Don recounts a love that approaches the transcendental.
A love unique in every respect -- nothing to sniff at and forever to be treasured.




@highlight

Chris and Don paints an affecting, enlightening portrait of a one-of-a-kind love affair.