The pace and plot are dizzying, but the movie also works as a study of fractured identity: the two have led double lives so long they're no longer sure who they are.
Seductively shot and beautifully acted, this is like a summation film, bringing together all the themes, motifs, mood, and style of the gritty policier Hong Kong thriller, one that will make John Woo and Michael Mann proud.
This intense, explosive Hong Kong thriller ushers in a new era of hyper-intelligent action.
well-written, well-directed and well-acted genre film
Ultimately quiet tepid.
Um inteligente drama policial que se preocupa mais com o desenvolvimento de seus personagens (e com as relações entre estes) do que com tiroteios e reviravoltas.
Far too light on action to be very exciting, and far too generic and familiar to be genuinely intriguing, Infernal Affairsis ultimately a forgettable affair.
Everything you'd want in a police action thriller: powerhouse performances, Grade A production values, a good script and suspenseful direction.
Potboiler Hong Kong cop drama with a fairly interesting plot about moral dilemmas and mixed allegiances.
Solid character-centric piece that's more interested in psychology than in gritty action sequences.
...has an intensity usually reserved for Greek tragedy.
I appreciated the filmmakers' conviction to keep the story as gutsy as possible. The film doesn't flinch.
Beauty in its consistent, washed-out blues and silvers, grace in its understated, intense male performances and energy in its unyielding commitment to tone and tension.
What makes it special is the inner turmoil caused by living a lie. If everyone you know and everything you do for 10 years indicates you are one kind of person, and you know you are another, how do you live with that?
More reasonably plotted than most films of the action genre.
A blistering thriller and an intelligent character study and a comic take-off on the conventions of thrillers.
This is the type of movie Asian action fans talk about when they say they love the genre.
The twists offered in Infernal Affairs ... take the genre to enthralling new heights, guaranteeing that any future such efforts will have an entirely new bar for which to aim.
A beautifully crafted, exciting story that keeps on surprising you to the very end.
Infernal Affairs is the combustible Hong Kong fever dream that would emerge from a night spent watching Heat and Donnie Brasco back to back.
This is what movies are supposed to feel like -- provocative, exciting, chilling, complex and fully engaging.
Skilfully directed by cinematographer Andrew Lau Wai-Keung, Infernal Affairs has the feel of a made-for-prime-time U.S. police thriller.
A great cop yarn.
Asia is seizing another of our taken-for-granted, creatively neglected staples, the cop movie, and again shows us how relevant and entertaining it can be when given proper respect.
Building to a darkly ironic conclusion antithetical to anything Hollywood would produce, Infernal Affairs vividly illustrates the Buddhist concept of "continuous hell."
The performances and plot make it worth seeing, and the film presents a valuable opportunity to sample the original while we wait for what will surely be a must-see remake.
[Infernal Affairs] isn't a good guy versus bad guy film but one that shows good and bad, both, in the makeup of the players.
A high tension police drama set in Hong Kong where the operations of both the police and crime syndicates are hobbled by moles within their organizations.
One of the truest American gangster films of all time.
It offers a fairly fresh variation on a done-to-death genre.
It's amazing there haven't been a dozen movies like it.
Smart, snazzy entertainment.
[D]iabolically clever... the apotheosis of the Hong Kong police thriller...
It's all made artful by tense direction, gleaming cinematography and a complex performance by the never-disappointing Leung, who takes a stock character and fills him with brooding life.
Even when the film is in danger of getting bogged down in its own complications, the hard-boiled poetry of its images is arresting.
A consistently engrossing thriller.
The movie's engine is the relationships and the characters' inner lives, all of it boiling with emotional intensity.
It overflows with psychological intrigue, something often missing from such offerings.
Ranks at the top of the list of the best action dramas to emerge from Hong Kong since the glory days of John Woo.
It's hard to resist the charismatic teaming of Tony Leung and Andy Lau as a cop and a criminal wearing like hats for cross purposes.
What gives Infernal Affairs its heat is the friction of who-am-I psychology and cool Hong Kong-style action.
This is a real grabber.
I was certainly happy to be trapped in the film's conceit, and the directors, Andrew Lau and Alan Mak, manage to convince us that we have witnessed an action movie, although in fact the quantity of violence is so minimal.
Spins in place with aplomb, generating exponentially more vertiginous doublings with each sweaty-palmed set piece.
It's a cop movie that's constantly trying to convince you it's not just a cop movie
Cop thrillers don't come much more polished, or enjoyable, than Infernal Affairs.
As cops and robbers dramas go, this is an original.
Superbly honed at both script and performance levels, with character taking precedence over action.
This is a movie that gets its hooks into you early, and no chance is it letting go.
Recalls classics like Serpico and The French Connection, but features a contemporary sophistication and of-the-moment vivacity that sets it apart.
Gritty and noirish
Infernal Affairs could be the syllabus for "The Effects of Michael Mann, Tony Scott, and the American Police Procedural on Asian Cinema."
It's refreshing enough to make up for its occasional missteps in the storytelling department.
... furiously paced, full of drama, and as tense as elevator cable ...
This stripped-down noir, about a pair of detectives leading undercover lives, signals a new era for Hong Kong filmmaking.
Twists and turns galore, but finally, one or two too many.
Driven by two great performances surrounded by solid supporting acts, Infernal Affairs is the rare testosterone movie that is also mature and thoughtful.







@highlight

Smart and engrossing, this is one of Hong Kong's better cop thrillers.