A delicious journey... [Full review in Spanish]
The last five minutes of the film are an extraordinary affirmation of free will and self-worth, and redemption for centuries of female characters forced to sacrifice it all for passion.
I Am Love is essential viewing for those of us who are astonished by Tilda Swinton's ability to become someone new in every film.
anybody who wants to experience cinema at its most cinematic and grand should rush and experience it for themselves. It is a truly stunning motion picture and one that ranks as the best film 2010 has so far offered.
The predictable end, which comes with an abruptness that feels altogether too constructed, completes the fantasy of transgression that's at the heart of the movie's appeal, however elaborate the trappings.
...a frustratingly uneven bit of over-the-top filmmaking...
The marriage of music and image seldom gets better than this.
For me the obvious attempts at enhancing lushness, rapture, and emotional swings were not connecting. I couldn't help noticing it was trying too hard.
Tilda Swinton is both imperious and vulnerable ... in this lush romantic melodrama that harks back to the heady days of Visconti and Antonioni.
Though a flimsy melodrama -- so overdone that it often collapses under filmmaker Luca Guadagnino's ineffable sense of bloat -- Swinton saves the day.
Tilda Swinton shines in overcooked melodrama.
The grand architecture of Milan and the icy rhythms of composer John Adams set the tone for this elegant Italian drama about the suffocating power of family, wealth, and tradition.
A high class soap opera
full review at Movies for the Masses
When the picture ends in full-blown, melodramatic, raise-the-roof fortissimo, we realise everything that had come before (the highs and the lows) was a tantric tease of a crescendo, leading up to an almighty finale.
I am not a fan of romantic movies but I Am Love dives into its romance with such reckless abandon and such an over the top affection for cinema that I could not resist.
I Am Love is like an impressionist painting, an artwork of thoughtful brushstrokes, each one adding a richness to the overall effect
You get the feeling Guadagnino wanted to send the same thrill up the spine of jaded modern moviegoers that audiences got at the movies a half-century ago, and in this "I Am Love" succeeds wildly.
The highest praise is that it lives up to its extravagant title
Grandiose family drama packed with rich scenery, stirring performances and comprehensive camerawork - if only the rest wasn't so boring.
... there are times that Guadagnino's symbolic imagery takes on the risible baroqueness of an extremely well-made Duran Duran video. Yet through it all, Swinton is impeccable, and maybe ostentatiously brave.
There's no getting around the fact that this is elegant soap opera,. It won't appeal to every taste. But it's sensational to look at, powerfully acted, and delivers a bang for the emotional buck.
I'm calling 'I Am Love' the best movie of the year to date; a companion viewer called it 'repulsive'... Does one opinion invalidate the other? The movie is complex enough to invite such questions, and rich enough to resist answers.
Exaggerated yet elegant, opulent and sensual, it's a leisurely-paced European art-house melodrama that's made its way into the cineplex.
A film I wasn't waiting for by a filmmaker I was unaware of just shows up and blows me away. I like that.
Despite a superb cast and a fabulous look, the picture collapses under the weight of its lofty pretensions, especially in the black hole of the last act, where it topples into near-absurdity.
Gorgeous, utterly ravishing cinematic wallpaper
Though intelligently constructed, the film never could excite me or get me to care that much about any of the characters.
Swinton triumphs.
Daytime television serials such as "The Young and the Restless" and "Days of Our Lives" are more adept at telling an attention-grabbing story with interesting subplots and complex characters that you can either love or..
Swinton saves the day.
A foreign import whose initially chilly demeanor will melt away for any viewer willing to stick with it.
With I Am Love, Italian director Luca Guadagnino waits almost an entire hour before letting the plot get into gear. Depending on your patience, this is either the shrewdest or most foolish thing he could have done.
I Am Love is a handsomely mounted, structurally sophisticated and richly atmospheric cultural artifact that portrays how even dizzying luxury cannot protect one from the consequences of one's actions.
If you're not in the mood, the whole thing will probably seem pretty silly. But if you are -- oh, if you are -- I Am Love may be the richest, tastiest truffle you're likely to savor all summer.
The overripe ending, heated by the percolating music of John Adams, is heavy seasoning on a delicate dish.
Swinton is incredible.
The more heightened the emotions become, the more the movie feels like a magazine spread rather than an involving story.
A glorious epic that feels a little bit like Luchino Visconti's The Leopard by way of Paul Thomas Anderson's Magnolia
An intimate, quiet and even slow movie, its subtle shadings veil turbulent emotions.
[Swinton] keeps the film from becoming a glorified evening spent with a coffee table book, a playlist heavy on the symphonic stuff and some Olive Garden leftovers.
I Am Love falls into the select category of films that are easier to admire than like.
This intense and almost operatic Italian family melodrama recalls the best of Douglas Sirk.
Ponderous from beginning to end.
A wondrous anomaly.
Swinton makes short work of stuff like this. Without her, Guadagnino would not have a movie, but that's reason enough to be glad he does.
A cinematic repast so delicious that one can only stand back in awe at its sheer artistry and hail it as a masterpiece.
Guadagnino salts his film with deliberate anachronisms, and mixes up his cinematic styles, so you're never sure what is coming next.
"I Am Love" is undeniably soap opera, especially when it takes an operatic third-act turn, but it is soap opera of a high order.
There is never a moment the viewer isn't on edge; so much tension mounts over the film's two-hour running time, the entire audience literally gasped as the end credits began.
Overblown, European, operatic, indulgent, patently absurd and somewhat wondrous, I Am Love works for one reason and one reason alone: Tilda Swinton.
Cinematographer Yorick Le Saux's elegant images of buildings -- stony exteriors, lux interiors -- and weather-worn statuary suggest centuries-old tradition but also invite a meditative or appreciative silence.
Swinton's nuanced, aching performance is downright revelatory.
I Am Love is such a lush, deeply textured banquet of sights and sounds that it deserves more than a movie review.
If you are fascinated by how movies convey meaning, and if you get off on wondering, "Why did the director show me that?" and "What's the camera doing there?" you will be astonished by how jam-packed this daring, gorgeous movie is.
In an American film, you live the story. In a European one, you're an outsider looking in. Ah, but what a beautiful view.
It's yet another variation on the "loveless middle-aged woman finds happiness in the arms of a younger man," a trope of melodrama and television soap operas.
A pall of deadly self-indulgence spreads as the story moves from operatic passion to soap-opera melodrama. It's as if director Luca Guadagnino filmed a synopsis of the script rather than a fully realized screenplay.
The visual depiction of the ecstatic.
The best sex you will get all year, if that's what you crave in your moviegoing, is between Tilda Swinton and a prawn.
You have an actress that plays just every moment for keeps without milking it.
Luca Guadagnino did just a wonderful job of conveying this woman's emotional gathering storm.
How do you say, 'I am lust' in Italian?
Gloriously melodramatic, I Am Love is an opulent delight.
This is a beautiful film, moving, stylish with a sensual romance at its heart.
Like its central character, it moves with its heart better than with its head. How much you enjoy it, will depend on which you choose to follow.
Despite an elegant and impressive visual style, the narrative of this slow-paced film is uninteresting and full of cliché.
I Am Love is a raving piece of filmmaking but its technical beauty is in the service of a story that too often feels clichéd and contrived.
I Am Love isn't just a bedazzlement to the eyes and ears. It's a feast--or maybe just a small but divine dish of prawns--for the soul.
It's not self-consciously arty. Each shot and cut seems designed for a specific emotional impact.
One of the most visually stunning films of the year [but] from an emotional perspective the narrative falls flat.
I am Love, easily one of the most sensual films I have ever seen, is ravishing, an operatic melodrama of stunning beauty and luxuriant texture.
The characters seem reasonably interesting, and so we continue to watch them. But at no point do we care about them any more than we might care about attractive strangers sitting at another table in a restaurant.
It is not to everyone's taste. But if you like the lush film operas of Rainer Werner Fassbinder, Douglas Sirk, or Luchino Visconti, this one's for you.
It's hokey, but it's also alive and unique, and probably a must for fans of Swinton, and who isn't one of those?
Tilda Swinton is a daring actress who doesn't project emotions so much as embody them. I Am Love provides an ideal role for her, in that her actions speak instead of words.
I Am Love is somewhat a case of style over substance but at least that style is rich enough for it not to matter.
"Depicts the events at hand with bold cinematic flourishes, resulting in a movie specifically attuned to the powers of the medium".
I got into a bit of an intellectual tussle last night with a fellow critic who was absolutely stunned to hear me insist that damn straight, I certainly could condemn a movie for its morals.
Words like "lush" and "gorgeous" don't even begin to scratch the surface in describing I Am Love, Italian director Luca Guadagnino's retro-styled melodrama.
The moment when Tilda tastes the prawns prepared for her by the studly bearded soulful chef guy is a deliriously high art moment of food equalling sex.
Despite its flaws -- including an oddly unwieldy finish -- this is an epic project, crafted with intimate precision.
Bold, weird, and a little stalkerish in its intensity, Luca Guadagnino's third feature is an open cinematic buffet, as ready to satisfy as it is to displease, depending on your taste and appetite.
Tilda Swinton gives an intelligent, compelling performance that elevates this sumptuously mounted European art film way above its melodramatic trappings.
Exhilarating.
By the end of this often soaringly beautiful melodrama, which closes with a funeral, Emma's face will have crumpled into a ruin. But it will also be fully alive, having been granted, like Pygmalion's statue, the breath of life.
Swinton carries Guadagnino's risky, ambitious melodrama.
A stunning achievement.
The splendid photography and tempestuous John Adams score cannot quite conceal that the film is uncomfortably close to being an extravagantly elongated, Fendi-clad episode of Dynasty.
Swinton is one of the finest actresses working in contemporary cinema, but Guadagnino, who developed the project with her in mind, has created a film that literally luxuriates in her talents.
There's always been something otherworldly about Swinton, and the director captures her Woman-Who-Fell-to-Earth exoticism.
To call it crazy would be an understatement. To say that craziness is exactly what makes it so wonderfully intoxicating even more so.
A stylish and erotic Italian drama about the sensuous and sexual awakening of a middle-aged trophy wife.
In a modern filmic sea too often characterized by superfluousness and apathy, I Am Love is something of a miracle.
...a European melodrama drunk on its own artistry. The mix of Swinton's cool and Guadagnino's fire makes for a unique cinematic experience.
What keeps the story fresh isn't so much Guadagnino's swooning sense-reveries, which sometimes flow with dreamlike wonder and sometimes just drag; instead, most of the power comes from Swinton...
So thoroughly indulging in baroque aesthetic gestures (especially with regards to the intrusive, overcooked score) that the film becomes a flamboyant caricature of itself.
Like [Tilda] Swinton's performance, I Am Love is a bit of a show-off.
The film is almost deliriously stylish, which helps mask the silliness. But the bellowing music, by John Adams, is infuriatingly intrusive -- which undoes the visual good.
Elegantly directed and exquisitely photographed, the movie is a triumph, and so is [Swinton].
Worthy of Visconti, the movie spells out the end of a family's glory days; it's the impress-your-date film of the summer.
Swinton always attempts bold milestones, but I Am Love makes one long to go back to the old landmarks.
Luca Guadagnino's visually ravishing third feature suggests an epic that Visconti and Sirk might have made after they finished watching Vertigo and reading Madame Bovary while gorging themselves on aphrodisiacs.
While you revel and bask in the beauty and elegance of his mise-en-scène, you wish director Luca Guadagnino had given as much care to his characters' development.
Its central story and its tributaries are rich enough to overcome much of the director's odd and arguably unmotivated catalogue of visual and aural trickery.
Operatic in scope, Luca Guadagnino's mesmerizing I Am Love chronicles the carryings-on of an aristocratic Italian family from one grand meal to another.
Tilda Swinton again proves herself one of the great actresses of her generation.
Bold, thrilling, and undeniably sensuous melodrama uncannily invokes the pleasures of smell, taste, and touch ... Everything dances here: the camera, the colors, Tilda's eyes, even pollinating bees during a sumptuously shot sex scene.
I Am Love is a bold and thrilling masterpiece -- the introduction of a major talent to the world's stage.
Sumptuous, overheated, and ridiculous, Love is a visual delight -- the opening montage of a snowy Milan alone make it worthwhile
The movie isn't flawless -- a bizarre post-credits bit is nigh-impossible to make out -- but [Guadagnino's] skill with visual poetry makes a strong impression.
Beautiful. That's the word that most appropriately sums up I Am Love %u2013 the film is a portrait of beautiful people in beautiful surroundings, and it has been beautifully made.
Exquisite parts of locations, set decoration, costumes, and editorial gymnastics, but to absorb it all in one single sit requires a heroic, possibly superhuman patience that I'm not convinced Guadagnino has earned.
The screenplay is spare but Yorick Le Saux's cinematography and Guadagnino's precise, imaginative direction speak for it, as does the chugging and vaguely threatening music of John Adams.
This lavish Italian melodrama has had festival crowds and critics cooing, but it's hard to see what all the fuss is about beyond the luscious visuals and American composer John Adams's off-kilter score.
A bold approach to both story and themes makes this film deeply involving and utterly unforgettable. But it's rather oblique about its themes, so whether you like it or not will depend on how deeply you let it engulf you.
A lavish Italian melodrama with echoes of The Godfather and The Leopard, I Am Love is sweeping, operatic and more than a little silly.
One of the most beautiful pieces of cinema we've seen in a good while
With her vividly otherworldly and almost extra-terrestrial screen presence, Swinton is perfectly cast in this elegant, if over-determined and slightly desiccated piece of cinema.
Tilda Swinton is ridiculously enjoyable to watch in the Italian drama I Am Love, dressed in colours you want to drink, and exploring her puzzled, porcelain allure in ways that make the screen fairly quiver.
It's melodramatic stuff, but it's beautifully filmed and Swinton is outstanding.
Tilda Swinton unleashes her diva and Italian cinema gets a powerful new voice in this operatic melodrama.
It's a bold experiment rooted in tradition. It plays like smart opera and looks like a marriage of poetic documentary with classical European drama.
Tilda Swinton could rivet us by reading the telephone book.
I am bored.
Beautifully directed and superbly written, this is an extremely stylish melodrama that packs a powerful emotional punch thanks to a terrific central performance from Tilda Swinton.
Luca Guadagnino's lopsided film plods along in the first hour then plows through the climax.

@highlight

It stumbles into melodrama, but I Am Love backs up its flamboyance with tremendous visual style and a marvelous central performance from Tilda Swinton.