It was the merger of that very real historical account and the fantastical vampire plot that made the book interesting, but the movie sacrificed a lot of that. Too much of that.
If you ever wanted to see a vampire throw a horse at a would-be President, or see a man chop down a tree with one blow, Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter will tick those boxes and more besides.
Rare is a film this silly that's also this quietly clever.
Somehow, you can't help but feel vampires deserve better.
Rather than create an innovative style to complement the horror-history hybrid, he employs superhero clichés and hackneyed action scenes that only help distract from the ineffectiveness of the film's scant 3-D effects.
If you thought the American Civil War was about ending slavery, you're in for a rude surprise.
Succeeds in being an entertaining, exciting, and chilling genre hybrid
As a tongue-in-cheek action mashup, Grahame-Smith and Bekmambetov have, for the most part, delivered an entertaining (albeit campy) historical retelling.
A rancid hot pot of over-caffeinated action, choppy editing, self-importance and retarded scripting, Lincoln is the worst blockbuster in recent memory...
Frankly, if it gets kids talking about history again, Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter succeeds where a lot of other films stumble-and even if it's kind of a lame duck, there's still a lot of dignity in that.
What you get with "Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter" is an interesting concept that has a number of structural problems.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter doesn't even come close to living up to the fun, silly nature of its premise. The film is a dull, humorless, ugly-looking slog.
With the most preposterous of plots, one would expect "Lincoln" to be funny, but it's not. It takes itself as seriously as a disease, and therein lies the biggest problem with this film.
completely ludicrous but fun.
While the film eventually feels a little exhausting, particularly in the protracted but impressive finale, it works as well as this material possibly could.
If The Matrix turned the humble spoon into an enduring visual motif for the cinematic dinner table, Vampire Hunter attempts to do the same with a fork.
Bekmambetov knows his way around supernatural movies very well but he just doesn't seem to have the sense of humour needed for this one.
The most important thing about enjoyably trashy, title-says-it-all action films such as Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter is to keep everything moving so fast and on such a huge scale that nobody will care too much about how monumentally silly it all is.
Uses cues from the life of the former US President and builds an unwieldy supernatural story on top of it.
AL:VH is easy to dismiss and equally as easy to forget, but it does what it does well.
Sounds like it was pitched at the tail-end of a particularly cynical, three-day, coke-fuelled marketing strategy session in between Transformers with Boobs and The Voice: The Movie...
What makes Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter so enjoyable is the extent it abandons so many established rules not just in terms of history and genre, but also physics.
There is just not enough substance to it. Lots of graphic, slo-mo blood spills, big battle scenes and gunfire, axe-wielding Abe chopping down the vampires, albeit often in a blur of action we can't really relish
Whatever clever literary concepts screenwriter Seth Grahame-Smith has adapted from his novel, has been well and truly stomped
A funny, scary, and cheer-worthy adventure that somehow manages to make the 16th President of the United States a bad-ass action hero.
Comes off like a series of forgettable History Channel recreations with some axeman versus vampire video game scenes tossed in. Editing is choppy; some transitions are sloppy. A parchment paper-thin conceit playing at being a feature-length movie.
Other than not knowing what's going on when the action gets heavy, "Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter" is fairly outstanding. It's downright ridiculous at times and extremely outrageous to its core, but is unbelievably entertaining from beginning to end.
The Great Emancipator becomes a pretty great decapitator in this ridiculous and entertaining but ultimately exhausting mashup of 19th century American history and 21st century pop trendiness.
A lot better than I'd expected. In itself, that's not saying all that much since I was prepared for it to be pretty bad.
...a missed opportunity that's rarely, if ever, as much fun as its title might've indicated.
After simply ignoring everything potentially funny and lively, Abraham Lincoln grinds down on its characters, turning them into empty vessels upon which to hang the action sequences.
No, it's not entertainment; it's garbage.
The acting, action and special effects are good enough, but the movie's two mismatched story halves just don't work together. It is like trying to paste the first half of 'Die Hard' onto the last half of '300.'
Lincoln a Bloody Alternate History Lesson
If there's anything more radical and outrageous than the very title and concept, it's how focused and committed director Timur Bekmambetov and writer Seth Grahame-Smith are to its execution.
The violence quickly becomes numbing, and Benjamin Walker plays Lincoln without the sense of irony needed to keep the historical and supernatural sides of the story consistently entertaining.
This not a biopic of Lincoln, so don't sweat the details.
Intriguing title the most interesting thing about Abraham Lincoln Vampire Hunter
Not preposterously grand, but worth a few unintended chuckles
Lacking cleverness and imagination, the film merely fuses Lincoln's and the Civil War's historical outlines with horror-, martial arts- and action-movie clichés.
while the fantastically warped nature of the premise would seem to promise bloody good fun, the film turns out to be a rather dreary, overly serious slog through the all-too-familiar elements of modern action and horror genres
Some good effects, but takes its potentially amusing premise way too seriously.
This one needed to have a sense of humor.
Mixing vampires with Abraham Lincoln never works in this action movie.
The movie works because the story outside the vampire zone sweet spot is played straight and with some heart.
Other than its campy title, not much about Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter is fun.
There are moments in this mound of historic mash, where you rub your peepers until they look like glacé cherries.
The Age of Epic Dada continues.
Even for those looking for crazy fun, I think they'll be disappointed with how serious, and how much of Lincoln's life is actually included in this mashup.
[It] states the moronic what-if that serves as its central conceit right in its title, but even that is unlikely to prepare you for the turgid mess that it delivers.
Bekmanbetov never met a slow-motion shot he didn't love, and his frenetic, overwrought fight choreography is arresting but ultimately tiresome.
Rip up the history books and don your 3D glasses for Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter, a stupefyingly silly but exuberantly entertaining horror fantasy.
It's just as good as 'Twilight' (yeah, I said it) and there isn't a trite teen love story. In the genre of vampire films, 'Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter' is a solid movie. Outside of the genre, it's below average.
... a monotonous, knuckle-headed fusion of Bram Stoker's 'Dracula' and John Ford's 'Young Mr. Lincoln' ... the action is more stultifying than suspenseful, more cartoonish than cathartic.
Bekmambetov's disposable brouhaha at least achieves the minor victory of living neither up to hopes nor down to fears.
The movie plays safe by cutting every theme down the middle - a swing that's effective when splitting wood or vampire skulls, but dull when applied to filmmaking.
Ridiculous and revisionist, redeemed only by Bekmambetov's inventive, R-rated action sequences, particularly the CGI horse stampede.
With its outrageous premise of turning Honest Abe into a slayer of the undead, one would expect to see the president snuffing out vamps in astounding ways. To this end, and as pure, thrill-ride entertainment, the movie certainly delivers.
Not nearly as much fun as it sounds.
If you are going to re-imagine the 16th president of the United States as a vampire hunter, go big or go home. "Abraham Lincoln, Vampire Hunter" has chosen the former.
Reminds me of the Star Wars prequels... Vampire powers and limitations seem to work a lot like the Jedi...it depends on what's convenient for the plot at any given moment.
This Lincoln, as portrayed by Benjamin Walker, is as stiff as the sculpture honoring him at his memorial in Washington, D.C. Walker fails to instill any vitality or zest into his Lincoln. His Abe is one dimensional and humorless.
The movie may not totally succeed in what it wants to do, but neither should it be dismissed.
If you see Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter and expect brilliant filmmaking, cogent storytelling or a serious examination of American history, you're an idiot.
As played by Walker, Abe is a 19th Century Bruce Wayne or Clark Kent, his mild demeanor a mask for a man of strength.
Of course it's ridiculous and tasteless and grotesque. It's ABRAHAM LINCOLN, VAMPIRE HUNTER.
Vampire Hunter will appeal to people who want to see graphic deaths and a bit of neck-nibbling, but it's a disjointed action adventure and a total no-hoper as a film of any historical significance.
The disconnect between intention and final product is a head scratcher.
The execution is neither serious or jokey enough to make the movie palatable - a near impossible result for a movie with that title.
Bekmambetov doesn't expect us to take the premise seriously, exactly. But he doesn't seem to want us to laugh at it, either.
The high-concept joke fades fast in this Abe-meets-vampires mashup, saddled with clunky 3-D, a lame screenplay, and actors as stiff as the statue at the Lincoln Memorial.
Benjamin Walker plays Lincoln straight-faced, and it's a funny concept. But the vampires lack bite.
It's crazier than an antebellum bedbug, but Abraham Lincoln, Vampire Hunter is one of Summer 2012's definite sleepers.
The Great Emancipator as the Great Decapitator makes for just so much B-movie schlock.
The summer's most fantastic guilty pleasure.
A canny mix of action, horror and alternate history in what should be a bona-fide blockbuster.
The upside: the vampires really suck and the movie doesn't.
Bekmambetov ... stages hilarious, imaginative, almost free-form action sequences like nobody in the business.
A B movie treated like an A movie that mostly ends up being a zzzzzzzzzz movie.
This film should be campy fun, but in Bekmambetov's unsteady hands, it feels laboured and unsatisfying.
It's sad to say, but in a summer awash with sequels and reboots, a movie that is both effective and original is a rare treat, no matter how many history teachers it pushes into early retirement.
How goes this particular Nosfera-tour? Sadly, this new-fang-led premise gives great visuals, but takes itself so seriously, we don't get the fun that the title promises.
The finished product is plenty goofy, but not a lot of fun.
... A clever, elegantly made melding of fact and fiction.
It's rather a shame that yawning voids occupy the places where we usually expect to find characters.
The crummiest-looking big-budget movie of the year to date.
For my money (of course, I didn't pay to see this), I think the cast and crew found enough balance that the film works as a slick exercise in horror action. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
What you wouldn't expect is for a film where Abraham Lincoln uses a silver-tipped axe to chop of vampires head to be played straight. Well, as straight as an action film featuring a Civil War jam packed with vampires can be.
There's a conceptual flaw here: the actual details of Lincoln's life were so fascinating, filled with such drama, that there's no need to make him a vampire hunter at all.
In a movie that promises to be about little more than Abraham Lincoln and Vampire Hunting, having Mr. Walker deliver a performance that exceeds those expectations is -- to some small, ironic degree -- liberating.
Is Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter a great bad movie or a bad great movie?
The grave tone makes it stiff and leaden, the digi-saturated look is a turn-off. Damnable and disordered.
If you're even remotely considering buying a ticket to see Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter, then you're a prime candidate to enjoy it.
Works best when Bekmambetov is let off the leash, and goes WAY over the top. Worth seeing as long as you go in with the right frame of mind.
It's sort of like a very special slavery-themed episode of Aqua Teen Hunger Force.
It relies solely on the gimmick that it's funny to have an ex-President using a silver-coated axe to fight mythical creatures. There's nothing else there.
"Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter" is essentially the most expensive Troma movie ever made, lacking the quiet dignity, cohesive plotting or the shot of a flipping car
Reimagining Abraham Lincoln as a forefather to Buffy the Vampire Slayer is a rather nifty idea. Unfortunately, Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter, doesn't fully sink its teeth into its fun premise.
The trouble with the so-called high-concept film is that too often the concept is the best thing about it and the actual movie essentially a series of rather rote, progressively more tiresome variations on its premise.
The result is a movie that seems more in service to its premise than to a good story. But hey, it's different.
Not just a letdown but an absolute disaster.
What next, "George Washington Werewolf"? Laugh not, history profs.
Don't let the stupid title dissuade you from seeing "Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter." Let the stupid plot, the stupid history, the stupid action scenes, the stupid trivializing of slavery . . .
This has enough vamps being decapitated to keep you interested but isn't as gloriously silly as the title.
For the most part Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter is loud, fast and crunchy - and I suspect it's going to slay audiences at the box office.
Both terribly silly and a lot of fun.
The movie's title says it all, its Abe Lincoln kicking Vampire butt. Once you accept that, then its impossible to criticize this movie on logic. It is over the top, campy, fun. But its no Piranha 3D.
An insanely absurd fun mash up of horror and history that manages to be simultaneously brilliant and ridiculous.
This almost works, but the script isn't realized enough to be fully satisfying. It all looks cool and dandy, but it's cold blooded.
Apart from [two action] scenes and the initial setup, Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter becomes repetitive.
If ever there was an "either you're in or out" movie in 2012, it's definitely this one and if you're in, it just might be the most satisfyingly guilty pleasure of the year.
lots of gore, a too stingy sprinkling of humor, and horribly overdone, unnecessary 3D effects.
You can picture Grahame-Smith sitting there, isolating parts of Lincoln's history that can be twisted, blamed on vampires and then patting himself on the back for how clever he is.
Not to sound like a stick in the mud, but Abraham Lincoln was a great and noble man. He deserves better that this.
Expect no intelligence or subtlety here, but if you're willing to put up with the sheer ridiculousness of it all, you might enjoy wallowing in Bekmambetov's shameless exhibition of narrative lunacy and technical fireworks.
This movie is even sillier than I thought it would be. You talk about shark-jumping, fridge-nuking. I have a new one for you, horse leaping! Once that happens, that's when it goes off the rails and begins it's descent into Movie Hell
Starting well and culminating in a lackluster second half, it is far too streamlined and spotty to satisfy as anything more than a pulpy slice of summer movie inconsequence.
This movie just made Steven Spielberg's life easier because his Lincoln biopic coming out in December wil definitely be the better of these two films. This could have been fun, it never settles in what it wants to be and ultimately fails.
This is hokum on a grand scale, though it's emotionally cold and gets tiresomely repetitive, with scores of vampires baring their fangs before decapitation.
The result is a film that feels more like the ridiculous Will Smith Wild Wild West and less like Bekmambetov's clever Night Watch.
Hey, it doesn't suck.
The title may sound like a joke, but "Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter" is serious fun.
[Bekmambetov's] name above the credits is fair warning; shame on me for not heeding it.
Walker is a tall, lean guy with a big hat who can swing an ax. What else can be said?
It's not every day you see a movie and ask yourself, "Why does this thing even exist?"
Despite its factual dismemberment of the movie's namesake, Hunter bristles as summer action fodder. Honest.
The feature doesn't have the twinkle in its eye to accurately blend SuperLincoln with TrueLincoln into a loving, ax-swinging whole.
It is surprisingly absorbing for an idea that sounds like it could easily be all concept and pointy teeth.
An ugly, unwieldy, hurried, machinelike monolith that oozes style without any sense of intelligence, pacing, or coherence
Here is the worst thing to happen to Abe Lincoln in a theater since he attended "Our American Cousin."
Someone forgot to tell the filmmakers ... that the movie was supposed to be fun. Or at least smart.
Given the subject matter, an exercise in delicacy and restraint was unlikely, but it's too bad that the film's concept is way more entertaining than what has ended up on-screen.
"Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter" is such a smashing title it's too bad someone had to spoil things by making a movie to go with it.
Your mileage, as with any movie crammed with unintentional laughter, may vary, but there are performances and some spectacular fight choreography that ought to keep anyone's interest.
To say that it's an exercise in style over substance is perhaps an overstatement, in that it suggests there's any substance here at all.
With a title like this, don't expect a PBS documentary.
How much you like Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter will be predicated quite a bit on how much you like Timur Bekmambetov's movies.
Bekmambetov directs with gusto, and the forthright absurdity of the story, combined with its weirdly heartfelt self-belief is winning.
This insipid mashup of history lesson and monster flick takes itself semi-seriously, which is truly deadly.
'Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter' is exactly what it sounds like: a CGI-heavy, eye-watering slice of B-movie cheese for the least discerning, most credulous appetites.
It's exciting, witty and very well-cast with some memorable set-pieces and a tight, suspenseful plot.
...this year's "Jonah Hex" as made by a bunch of videogame developers working with twenty year old technology.
The acrobatic repetition bores you breathless. Spare Benjamin Walker, who deserves to go on to better things. But the movie deserves a stake through the heart.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter has heart to spare, and the occasional silvered bayonet to run it through.
Most filmmakers would render this "Road Warrior"-style finale with a little wink and nudge, but Bekmambetov chooses to stare down the material. It straddles his Civil War tale between Chancellorsville and Cartoon Land.
"Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter" is a blast, the best action movie of the summer.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter is a Civil War-era actioner of questionable taste and historical accuracy but surprisingly consistent entertainment value.
It constitutes a moral sin, if not an outright moral crime, and commits a grave insult against history.
Though original, this is a strenuous effort to combine the conventions of two genres, the historic epic and vampire, resulting in tale in which the tone and mood change from scene to scene.
The problem with movies based on a single joke is that a single joke is rarely funny enough to sustain the running time of a feature-length film. And with "Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter," the whole joke is in the title.
Timor Bekmambetov doesn't need to make his material overtly wink at the audience because his conceit is itself enough of an obvious dim-bulb joke.
The concept of Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter is worthy of a good chuckle or two, but the execution proves that sometimes a clever title does not beget a production of equal value.
It's a sin against entertainment.
When 3D dust-motes and train-engine sparks are the most tempting things to look at, something has failed.
A strange mash-up that doesn't entirely work but offers enough entertainment value that it never feels like a complete waste of time either.
It is the best title of the year and will almost certainly be the worst movie.
While the character development & screenplay are a complete mess, ALVH, at times, is an incredibly interesting movie [with] some brilliant CGI work & incredible choreography..
There's no getting around the fact that this is a straight-faced drama that feels like it should be a satirical comedy/adventure. And as Lincoln himself observed, a movie divided against itself cannot stand.
"History prefers legends to men," Abe narrates from his diary. Writer, director and star have conspired to give us none of the above - not the history, not a compelling legend, and certainly not Lincoln the man.
Some of Bekmambetov's action sequences are spectacular as you would expect, but they are also wholly lacking in any sense of peril or jeopardy.
The historical epic and the monster movie run on parallel tracks, occasionally colliding but never forming a coherent whole.
It's not nearly as snappy or campy as it should be-though its self-seriousness is its own kind of entertainment.
It sounds fun. It's a little fun. For a while. But Bekmanbetov shoots every killing spree like an addled gamer, working that slow-down-speed-up kill-shot cliche like a maniac.
Enormous in its scope and colossal in its stupidity.
The giddy fun implied by that preposterous moniker is missing in this almost entirely humourless affair.
Historical accuracy and narrative subtlety be damned, this agreeably ludicrous action-horror film starts off over-the-top and simply proceeds from there.
Where does it end? Franklin D. Roosevelt: Phone Sex Operator? Rosa Parks: Breakdance Champion? It's much more fun to come up with these idiotic concepts than to watch them.
Genre enthusiasts will lap up the mixture of action and fantasy, while history buffs who don't mind a bit of rewriting will dig into an alternative spin on the Civil War period.
Walker's face is soft, bland, unremarkable. His acting, likewise.
The filmmakers mistakenly think nothing is silly if it's done with a grim enough facial expression.
A more entertaining movie than I remotely expected.
An adaptation of a textbook would at least have been more educational.
The 3D in this film is spectacular. It adds such an incredible element to the movie that I will go as far as to say the film shouldn't be seen in 2D.
What ideally might have been playful and knowing is instead uptight and dreary, with a visual scheme that's so fake and cartoony, it depletes the film of any sense of danger.
"Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter," which boasts one of the best film titles ever, just grazes its target.
Possible resulting "fun" is only slightly mitigated by contemplation of the wearisome decadence of American popular culture.
Essentially a lot of balls.
The premise may be pretty ridiculous, but this movie surprises by actually making sense.
The appallingly self-serious Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter is stylised to death and lacks the subversion needed to support its inspired premise.
Seth Grahame-Smith's source novel was barking enough...but in director Timur Bekmambetov's hands the story spins off into a dizzying maelstrom of madness.
Move over, Twilight. This is a vamp flick with teeth.
Arrive two hours late for Bekmambetov's overcooked noise generator and you'll have a fantastic night.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter's heart may be in the right place -- and any film that makes people interested in reading up on the real Lincoln must be commended -- but overall the film is, ironically, bloodless.
Abe Lincoln swinging an axe at slaveholding vampires is sorta exciting not just in itself, as a movie thing, but for its electric jolt of symbolism that sings with raw -- and unexpected -- power.

@highlight

Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter has visual style to spare, but its overly serious tone doesn't jibe with its decidedly silly central premise, leaving filmgoers with an unfulfilling blend of clashing ingredients.