The film didn't promise anything more than it delivered.
DRAGON WARS knows it's dumb, and just has fun. It's my new guilty pleasure!
By no reasonable reckoning can the film be considered a competent piece of cinematic storytelling, yet somehow the movie transcends its silly screenplay with over-the-top action and visually imaginative battles.
A movie without a single redeeming quality that we highly recommend.
blissfully awful
This one really should have been immediately relegated to the discount bin.
Takes such leaps and bounds of mediocrity and utterly nonsensical storylines that it ends up being a jumbled mess...
The painful English-language sequences almost don't matter: The rock-'em-sock-'em monster melees truly are spectacular, even if the images sometimes seem more hazy than tactile, as is typical of digital special effects.
The concept here is fun -- good and evil dragons of ancient Korean legend do battle in modern-day Los Angeles -- but a lazy and amateurish script and embarrassingly hollow acting hobble it right out of the gate.
...low camp...
We've all heard of movies so bad they're good, and some folks have them on DVD, in captivity. But how many of us have seen one in the wild?
It is such a breathless, delirious stew, it's impossible not to be entertained, provided -- this is crucial -- you have a sense of humor.
Shim's picture is suitable for youngsters and delivers enough goofy fun to keep adults with fond memories of Destroy All Monsters (1968) from getting restless.
When they decide to sic [those monsters] on downtown Los Angeles, the movie turns shockingly watchable. Until that sequence, there was no evidence that anybody involved with this laughable fantasy knew what he or she was doing.
The rampaging-monsters flick Dragon Wars loudly speaks the universal language of effects-laden mayhem. Unfortunately, it is also fluent in the laughable dialogue of a million bad fantasy flicks.
The only winners in Dragon Wars are the computer-imaging geeks who must have logged tons of overtime. The rest of the world is left scratching its head at a monster epic so dismal that it doesn't even register as a guilty pleasure.
Written as well as directed by Hyung-rae Shim, which apparently means Uwe Boll in Korean, [it's] so campily awful that it's Mystery Science Theater-ready.
Dragon Wars isn't just bad, it's an outright bomb, and the best thing that could happen is for the whole film to just slither back underneath the rock from which it nauseatingly came out from.
There's not a spark of sense here.
This one's for connoisseurs of the "totally preposterous crap" school of fantasy cinema. You know who you are: You have all the Warlock sequels on Laserdisc [and] the complete Leprechaun series on DVD.
The dialog sounds like it was written by those guys who translate operating instruction manuals from Chinese to English.
Ripped off special-effects concepts, unbelievably bad acting, and plot holes big enough for an Imoogi to slither through.
The prospect of being a human sacrifice for a roaring, scaly, 600-foot-long monster isn't so appealing.
It's admittedly pretty dumb, but in the end its fierce commitment to its own goofy ideas is oddly admirable.
Destined to go down in history as one of cinema's most blunderingly, catastrophically bad big-budget films of the last few decades.
This monster film makes even the remake of Godzilla look good.
America does just fine making cringingly terrible special-effect extravaganzas, so back off, South Korea!
One of those films that I would swerve into on the SciFi Channel late one night and stay up until the wee hours of the morning to watch without feeling guilty at all.
The movie that Ed Wood would have made in the era of CGI, complete with awkward editing, wooden acting, and a story that becomes impossible to care about at all.
This is not a movie to watch for escapism. This is a movie to watch with a bunch of friends and heckle mercilessly.
...the only real entertainment comes from watching Robert Forster fruitlessly trying to explain the difference between an Imoogi, a Buraki and a Yuh Yi Joo.
A feast of A-grade f/x married to a Z-grade, irony-free script.





@highlight

Dragon Wars ' special effects can't make up for an unfocused script and stale acting.