The stakes are real... but so are the costs of action and "Night Moves" is all about responsibility.
This is Eisenberg's most introspective performance to date, and taking cues from his performance, the film unfolds with a steady, measured pace.
So much potential overshadowed by poor execution that begs the all important question: Why should we care?
[Night Moves] can be a bit one-note at times, but watching the characters live in and respond to the trouble they've caused for themselves is half the fun.
Reichardt's work explores themes of isolation in a society that is slowly coming undone at the edges.
Succeeds mightily when it comes to creating tension but struggles a little more with making its plot run together smoothly.
Reichardt's richly drawn characters make it often fascinating, as we observe their contradictions and very human failings, and finally build to a daringly unresolved finale.
If Night Moves is a misstep-and it is-it's a testament to Reichardt's talent that, all things considered, it's still a pretty good film.
The film makes a good point-often those zealously caring about dead deer enough to dynamite a dam are hyper-focused to the point of oddly lacking compassion for fellow humans.
Night Moves calls us (inadvertently or not) to reconsider our definition of what's "natural." Certainly, some of the ways we've failed to care for the planet as we were charged back at the beginning have had dire consequences. Let's not ignore that.
The film serves as a reminder that our greatest fear isn't necessarily getting caught in the act; it's getting caught down the line.
Reichardt has crafted a mesmerising, unsettling film about the ripple effects of our decisions and how we live with them.
The actors in the story give very good performances. The story is fairly solid. It is a bit subdued and there are some logical holes in it, but on the whole it is a fairly realistic scenario.
The actors give down-to-earth but emotionally charged performances distinguished by a subsurface simmer that sometimes intensifies into a slow boil.
I'm a great admirer of Reichardt's work, but having watched 'Night Movies' twice, I have to concede that it's something of a dud.
The subdued acting combines with deliberate editing to slowly ratchet up viewers' nerves.
I'd say this is a movie about alienation that, in the spirit of the boldest activism, isn't afraid to be ostracized itself. You may beg to differ, and I'd say that's the point.
The narrative and visual minimalism, initially such an asset, eventually leaves the audience feeling numb.
. A master at understatement, [director Kelly] Reichardt elicits very effective, subdued performances from her key cast, who have to keep the lid on their emotions almost all of the time.
It's a very well made film.
Jesse Eisenberg's performance has an intensity that is deliberately alienating, with Dakota Fanning and Peter Sarsgaard solid in support.
Virtually every shot feels like it adds to Reichardt's vision and it draws so tightly together that by the end, the only people left accessible to the likes of Josh are those in the watching audience. Night Moves makes you an accessory.
It's an unconventional thriller, more interested in character than plot, but gripping as both.
After a riveting first half filled with tension and one in which we are left to draw our own conclusions about details and relationships, the remainder of the film fizzles to some extent, diminishing the payoff
This is still a powerful film from one of America's best filmmakers who continues to push herself.
Eisenberg is in characteristically intense form, while Sarsgaard and Fanning are solid supports.
if a love of nature is (maybe) the original motor of Josh's actions, human nature, in all its shadowy complexity, is very much the film's focus.
This may be a slow-burning thriller about eco-terrorists, but it's also directed by Kelly Reichardt (Meek's Cutoff), a filmmaker who maintains an oddly aloof perspective while moving at her own steady pace.
Reichardt and regular co-writer Jon Raymond display a keen ear for the fragile rhetoric of the self-righteous.
Here is a thriller that portrays the heavy ramifications of a "justified" crime with a steady, grounded rhythm that gives power to every sin committed.
There certainly isn't any extraneous action in Night Moves. But it is precisely its leanness and the tight focus of its storytelling that make it such a tense thriller.
Reichardt probes away at her characters' motivations and contradictory feelings. She doesn't judge them, but makes it very clear how quickly their idealism becomes muddied once they dirty their hands with direct action.
Taking her cues from Hitchcock, Reichardt invites us to connect (if not quite empathise) with unlikable characters as they attempt to accomplish undesirable outcomes.
All three leads are perfect.
It's creepy, unsettling and depressing, but that's what makes it so insightful on so many levels because this is a story about moral responsibility.
The quietly chilling thriller Night Moves deals eloquently with the burden of conviction as it follows three activists who embark on a dangerous plot to blow-up a hydroelectric dam in Oregon.
A suspenseful and thought-proving thriller ...
Here's how good a filmmaker Kelly Reichardt is. She can pack an entire movie's worth of meaning into a sliver of onscreen space, and do it so subtly that even attentive viewers might miss the trick.
I can only tell you that, as it inches forward, you will want to inch with it.
It is slow and methodical. One of its most suspenseful scenes involves someone purchasing fertiliser. But it is buzzing with dread and it doesn't have a wasted frame.
Engaging and provocative, this is a fiercely introspective thriller from writer-director Kelly Reichardt with a pair of superb performances from Jesse Eisenberg and Dakota Fanning.
It is a very disturbing spectacle.
Three idealistic environmentalists plot to blow up a hydroelectric dam.
Gripping, smart and well-tooled, this greenies-on-a-mission movie gives terrific build-up and a riveting central set-piece, with only a slight dip at the end.
Frustrating. Measured and masterful to begin with, Night Moves is let down by a second half that never capitalises on the promise of the first.
Night Moves, including its title, borders on generic.
Night Moves marks the most plot-heavy of Reichardt's movies to date, but the director nicely bends the needs of the story to meet her own.
Reichardt wisely leaves it for her audience to decide.
Kelly Reichardt crafts Night Moves into a gripping, suspenseful, and ultimately tragic tale.
They don't think or act like professional criminals. And perhaps that's the film's point.
Night Moves stages an intelligent debate on activism, radicalism and ethics, but most importantly, it makes the people who perform militant acts very human and very knowable...
Even if things become muddled in the third act, the film rewards viewer patience with a thoughtful examination of guilt and social responsibility.
"Night Moves" is an unexpected pleasure, offering more than what we expect and taking its time to deliver.
Like a 1970s Hollywood Renaissance paranoid thriller, and stoked by a debate that eludes consensus, "Night Moves" has an ending of confident ambiguity.
You may not buy the third-act developments, but Reichardt and her actors see to it that you believe in how these people got to that third act in the first place.
"Night Moves" is a study of murky actions, fuzzy ideals and wrong moves for righteous reasons.
Night Moves stares, unflinching, at an amoral bomb ready to blow, and there's nothing to be done to stop it.
...brings complicated human dilemmas into the climate-change crossfire.
As in Wendy and Lucy, the natural and social environs are impeccably authentic, in this case conveying the bohemian radicalism of the Portland area that nurtures the trio's dangerous scheme.
More contemplative than pulse-pounding, it's also well worth your time.
A story that needs a lot more character development and a simple kick in the pants.
The movie is willing to see its ideas all the way through, while not entirely giving up on plot, and Eisenberg is unafraid to take himself where Reichardt needs him to go, which is right under our skin.
Clean and crackling, "Night Moves" works as a quiet thriller, shot through with teeth-grinding tension.
Reichardt has always been a filmmaker who plants dots and then asks you to try and connect them. It's somewhat disappointing that it's easier to do here than in her past films.
Director Kelly Reichardt and writing partner Jon Raymond expand their singularly spartan field guide to off-the-grid Oregonians.
In Night Moves, Reichardt keeps her characters close and up front, so when differences arise in their ranks and signs of vague trouble arise, the suspense starts to mount.
An impressive piece of neo-noir filmmaking. Hitchcock and Highsmith would have approved.
Reichardt has always preferred an economy of plot in order to leave room for her character building efforts, and those who appreciate that in her work will find plenty of it.
All three leads give effective, low-key performances.
It's a richly engrossing drama, so long as you understand that it's aiming for the head, not the gut.
"Night Moves" is like a slow, meticulous heist movie, almost hypnotic in its precision.
Though at times it threatens to become too generic to be original, or too original to be generic, it retains enough indirection to frustrate those looking for thrills and to engage those willing to be challenged.
The anxious eco-thriller "Night Moves" plays like a saboteur's procedural.
If it's food for thought you're looking for, you won't go hungry with Night Moves.
Night Moves sees [Reichardt] operating on a whole new plane of restraint, even compared to the rest of her filmography.
Reichardt gives us scenes of people engaged in mundane labor and aimless conversation, but she doesn't make a case for such scenes as fascinating in themselves.
The film builds its stakes with a methodical reverence for the natural world that the trio seeks to protect.
A worthy exploration of characters circling an issue of passionate import to plenty of people in the Northwest.
If you're willing to succumb to its admittedly glacial pacing, you may well find yourself drawn into an unfamiliar world that, in [Reichardt's] hands, is worth visiting.
What interests Reichardt is the physical realization of how the act is done; her feeling for the weight and the palpability of the world, and for continuity within sequences, has become masterly.
A slow-burning suspense thriller about a trio of eco-terrorists conspiring to blow up a dam, it's directed by Reichardt with the concision and elegance of a chess master.
For the film genre emphasizing hordes of shots of people thinking all the time, this one is much better than the norm.
A beautifully wrought suspense thriller, with rock-solid compositions as well as gracefully fluid camerawork lingering over the gorgeous autumn countryside.
Night Moves is one of [Reichardt's] most complex works yet, generating a slow-burning suspense.
An idiotic film about ecoterrorism without bothering to engage with ecology. Ms. Reichardt should stick to the kind of mumblecore she adopted early on unless she bothers to do her homework.
Fanning is marvelous as a woman who's so bright and charming on the surface you can't tell whether she's floundering underneath.
What remains constant is Reichardt's ability to coolly present thorny sociopolitical and moral issues.
Night Moves may have a soft, almost dreamy feel, but at the core it's crucially hard-headed. In its own quiet way, in how it pulls together our utopian ideals and home-grown fears, it's the zeitgeist movie of the moment.
When I left the theater I still felt complicit - I had to remind myself that I wasn't on the run from the cops. Whether the film is much more than an exercise, though, is open to debate.
The influence of early Alfred Hitchcock is all over this movie, translated in unusual and original fashion.
Reichardt uses her increasingly impressive sense of composition and intuitive pacing to slow burn the audience into a state of anxiety instead of manipulatively pushing them there.
"Night Moves" is a serious film, and certainly more thoughtful one than another recent eco-thriller, the gimmicky "The East." Yet it remains - especially for Reichardt - an oddly uninvolving one.
What happens when a seemingly righteous operation goes wrong and anxiety threatens to overtake ideals? It is the question "Night Moves" asks and answers in chilling ways.
Sharp and haunting ...
"Night Moves" is a masterfully crafted thriller, subtly, pointedly and auspiciously arriving at a destination as pessimistically valid as it is staggeringly loaded.
"Night Moves" has a sure-handedness that shows Reichardt is still growing as a filmmaker.
In its aim to tamp down Eisenberg's neuroticism and have him offer slow drips of revelation rather than bursts of loquacious energy, Night Moves keeps too much hidden from view.
Night Moves is a thoughtful, clear-eyed and provocative film that raises thorny questions but doesn't offer easy answers.
"Night Moves" suffers from a lack of mystery and a deficit of motion.
Be forewarned: What admirers will consider measured may read, to the unimpressed, as merely slow-moving.
One over-the-top sequence late in is something that someone Reichardt, a plain minimalist, should never have forced herself to stage.
An eco-parable about domestic terrorists turns into a suspenseful noir.
Night Moves is a film of deliberate, gnawing intensity and focus, built around a Jesse Eisenberg performance that doesn't give much away, at least not easily.
Ms. Reichardt does a stand-up job building suspense, with pockets of action here and there ...
Josh is simply too brittle a central character to empathize with, and as the noose tightens, it becomes increasingly hard to care what he thinks, says or does.
The most radical thing about this eco-terrorism drama is its quiet patience and formal vigor.
Led by a superbly composed performance from Jesse Eisenberg, Kelly Reichardt's portrait of three eco-terrorists intent on blowing up an Oregon dam thrillingly melds understated political inquiry and slow-burn suspense.
Well-acted, atmospheric and reasonably tense eco-terrorism thriller.
Night Moves is a pointless, dry tale that attempts to speak volumes through minimal effort - a rare case where "less is more" fails on a devastating scale.
A thriller that charts the dark places in the hearts of idealists who become zealots.
Slow moving and thoughtful, a character-driven look at an act of eco-terrorism gone wrong.
Reichardt is a filmmaker too wedded to details and sense data to subsume a well-defined setting and its inhabitants under a stock narrative--or at least do so without showing where the seams start to bust or the genre elements fail to fit
While in Reichardt's other films her slow pacing may grate on some viewers' patience, here her tendency to be deliberately unhurried actually adds to the thrilling ambiance.
The film's universe is one of complex moral fabric, where red herrings fall like flies and paranoia, among other things, is in the water.
[T]ook a genre prone to testosterone-filled violence and twisted it into a elegant mood piece, [Reichardt's] latest is a surprisingly thrilling experience even when its director seems to be actively trying to go against those genre instincts.
Like Michael Cera's two recent films with Sebastian Silva, Night Moves reveals the dark core contained within an actor's nice-guy neuroticism.
Kelly Reichardt cements her reputation as one of the most provocative and engagingly watchable American indie filmmakers with a quiet, tense thriller of morality and motive.
By the filmmaker's understated, incisive standards, "Night Moves" is practically an action movie -- an increasingly intense and troubling one.
Once again, this is highly intelligent and sensitive filmmaking from Reichardt.
Reichardt, who co-wrote the film, refreshingly opts out of defined moral judgements concerning both the central trio and supporting figures peppered throughout the story.
Night Moves' distinct structural halves hint at an internal division that keeps it a resolutely minor offering.
Confunde-se entre estudo de personagem e suspense, falhando em ambos os papéis.
A marginal improvement over Kelly Reichardt's last film...
Essentially Crime & Punishment for the eco-hipster set, Night Moves is a compelling drama that treats the characters' beliefs, and the eventual consequences of their actions, to a compelling cross-examination.
Night Moves is riddled with suspense, but its strength comes from its characters whose moral idealism is tested by unforeseen consequences.
It's interesting to see a film raise its most important questions in the home stretch, but the sense that half the movie has been set up for a punchline feels disingenuous.
Hippies, man.
Like the expressionistic power of the empty landscape in "Meek's Cutoff," its universe simultaneously feels real and nightmarishly abstract.
An atmospheric but surprisingly thin procedural from the director of Old Joy and Meek's Cutoff.
Another of the director's intimate portraits of people living on the fringes of society, it's at once her most plot-heavy and pedigreed production, and one of her most oblique.
This slow-burning eco-thriller, starring Jesse Eisenberg, Dakota Fanning, and Peter Sarsgaard as activists plotting to blow up a dam, proved to have few of the qualities that have made Reichardt such a distinctive voice.
Night Moves gives us the pleasure and satisfaction of an established voice having achieved perhaps her finest work yet.
At times I thought I was bored, only to realize that I was actually feeling anxious and more than a little queasy.
Reichardt's fifth feature is strongest in its set-up before becoming a tad perplexing and taking a baffling wrong turn at its inconclusive ending.
With Night Moves, American director Kelly Reichardt makes it five for five.
Precisely the sort of intelligent, measured thriller Reichardt's admirers would expect from her brand of patient realist filmmaking.
Night Moves is a pretty slow burner while it's on the screen; off it, it's stubbornly inextinguishable, the trick birthday candle of this year's Venice fest.
A disquietingly beautiful, deeply intelligent thriller about radical activism and its consequences - both material and moral - in 21st century America.
An engrossing reflection on radical violence and its fallout.
Spirals to an unconvincing climax that rather undoes the good work that has gone before.
Reichardt (the talented director of Old Joy and Meek's Cutoff) takes this volatile story and handles it with care and precision, as if transporting unstable nitroglycerin.
As tightly wound and gripping as a thumb-screw.
The conclusion, like the rest of the film...will be ticking around our heads for a while, and proved to be the perfect reminder that Reichardt is one of the most exciting directorial talents we have right now.

@highlight

A uniquely character-driven thriller with a finely composed cast and some outstanding direction from Kelly Reichardt, Night Moves bolsters its thought-provoking themes with compelling drama.