The different musicians come from far-flung locales including Macedonia, Romania, India and Spain, but all of them carry in their hearts the spirit of the travelling, itinerant musician.
Dellal's documentary often seems like a cleaned-up, homogenized version of the chaotic Roma world presented by Gatlif, Kusturica, et al. But even toned down and packaged, the music itself has the power to thrill.
For its glimpses of various lifestyles and personalities -- an ancient but spry fiddler, a young male who performs in drag -- it isn't bad.
The energy is electric, the camerawork crisp and colourful, the editing note-perfect. . . . for the Roma, music sounds the notes of a harsh, maligned cultural history, making them all the more unforgettable while demanding remembrance, even awe.
Gypsy Caravan - When the Road Bends evokes the US tour of Roma musicians whose astonishing diversity ranges from the Indian group with their bejewelled drag dancer to oompah-based Romanians.
So long seen as ragged leftovers from an older historical epoch, the Roma turn out to be a modern people who have a lot to teach over-developed societies about what it means to be human.
These extraordinary musicians ought to put an end to any sniffiness about Gypsy music.
Blessed with a wealth of characters, moving stories and roof-raising performances, Gypsy Caravan is as rich as the music it promotes. Fans of Buena Vista should definitely join the club.
It's a slow, sometimes grating process for an hour or so, but once everyone wises up to their shared heritage, a euphoric celebration of what it means to be a gypsy takes flight.
The poverty contrasts sharply with the excitement of the tour bus and cuts to the heart of the songs themselves, famed for their "joy and sorrow".
The characters are as lively as their music and I enjoyed riding along with them.
While the backstage tour footage is sometimes repetitive, it's delightful to see the musicians take up each other's songs as the tour progresses.
If you have any ear for non-Western music, Gypsy Caravan is a must.
The emphasis remains on the personal stories of the players themselves who, for all their backstage squabbling, identify more with each other than any of the countries in which they've settled.
[Dellal's] attempts to 'straighten' the narrative through exposition disguised as the walkie-talkie messages of an unseen stage manager, however, are distractingly ham-handed.
The camera work is always note-perfect.
If music were all, Gypsy Caravan would be amazing. As is, it's worth seeing, but you may get frustrated at the way Dellal raises provocative questions about ancestry and prejudice...
The music in the film is exhilarating, but there isn't enough information about anyone or anything, and the film feels slight overall. And scattered. You'll leave hungry for more.
The personalities of the players also contribute energy. They are an immensely charismatic bunch.
Throughout, the ebullience and passion of the music gives viewers a point of entry into what it means to be Roma, part of an ancient culture in a modern world.
An eye-opener, an ear-opener and, most important, a heart-opener.
It's hardly surprising that Gypsy Caravan, a lively and lovely music documentary, is rife with whirling rhythms, wild, soaring melodic lines, the ululations of singers steeped in centuries of Romany tradition.
A captivating look at a fascinating people. Even Johnny Depp, a friend of the Taraf group, shows up.
Gypsy Caravan has been compared with Tony Gatlif's 1993 film Latcho Drom, which took a dreamier approach to Gypsy culture. This one's more down-to-earth, but it's just as entertaining.
The ebullient, proud and gifted musicians who embark on a six-week Gypsy Caravan tour that promotes Roma music are fascinating and as emotionally rich as they are true characters.
Not quite fully satisfying as either cinematic ethnography or as a concert film.
To best enjoy the energetic and big-hearted Gypsy Caravan, know that it's not so much a concert film as it is a cultural-anthropology documentary...
Caravan sounds great and if nothing else should help diminish the stereotype, blasted by the film's subjects, of Gypsies as little more than pickpockets whom travelers need to be wary of.
Gypsy Caravan could have used some judicious trimming, but you forgive Dellal her excesses as she forgives her artists theirs. This is music to gorge on, raw ethnic survival in the form of sound.
This chronicle of a Gypsy-music package tour is a powerful rejoinder to rock-doc navel-gazing. Stunning performance excerpts, ranging from Spanish flamenco to Indian raga, demonstrate that keening brass choirs are just one aspect of the Gypsy sound.
The music is unfailingly joyous (even at its saddest), and the film's devotion to outreach and understanding is just as exhilarating.
Uncovers the same joy and sorrow that characterizes the Romani music in the everyday lives of the musicians who play it.
It's easy to see why [director] Dellal had trouble turning the camera off, especially when confronted with a startling and sad plot twist. Viewers are urged to grab an aisle seat, the better to dance when the music moves them -- as it surely will.
Thrillingly captures the heat and passion of the live performances.
The backstage stuff becomes monotonous and ruins the film.
A great sampler of Roma (Gypsy) music with outstanding road footage would be enough, but the insight into the Roma heart is priceless.
As a music document and as a labor of unabashed love, the nonfiction feature Gypsy Caravan could hardly be better; as a movie, it could stand some improvement.
Gypsy Caravan avoids any serious discussion of the social issues that confront the world's 10 million Roma. Unfortunately, the well-intentioned film never gets beyond clichés itself.
A natural follow-up to Dellal's debut, American Gypsy: A Stranger In Everybody's Land, this exuberant film features long musical interludes that speak as vividly -- if not more so -- than the interviews and fly-on-the-wall footage.
It's a two-hour movie, and I'm only sorry it isn't two or three times as long. Let me read your thoughts: You're not much interested in Gypsy music, and the historical and cultural stuff might be pretty dry. That's what I thought too: Wrong and wrong.
Everyone is having so much fun, one would really like to be a part of it. But the performance sequences are too jaggedly truncated to pull us in entirely.
There's material to discover about the Gypsies in this laudable attempt, but the film is long, repetitious, and not selectively enough edited.
Superb documentary on gypsy musicians in the spirit of "Buena Vista Social Club"
An irresistibly vibrant concert-tour documentary by Jasmine Dellal.
More than a vibrant experiment in ethnomusical cross-pollination, it's just great fun, tempered by loss but rippling with gusto.
An entertaining and edifying documentary about the music and lives of a group of gypsy performers from four countries on an international concert tour.
Music is the conduit for repudiating stereotypes and fostering cultural unity in Gypsy Caravan.
For those who like a melange of music with an international flare, GYPSY CARAVAN is a pleasure.
Only the Taliban could dislike the joyful music on display herein.



@highlight

A dynamic doc following five Romani bands is a pleasure for the senses thanks to vibrant colors and eclectic music.