A wry, touching and often funny study of friendship and fame. All in all, it's a beautifully judged and original piece of comedy.
The Trip will undoubtedly stand out as one of the best of the year.
Now knitted into a feature-length movie, the relationship between [Rob] Brydon and [Steve] Coogan-mostly just bickering-reveals itself with an easy, deft grace.
...a foodie movie and a travelogue that happens to be hosted by two amusing buffoons.
The illusion of spontaneous interplay between Coogan and Brydon is faultless; the progression of the tour seems to happen on its own, as if Winterbottom's camera were just riding along.
"The Trip" just seems forced without ever reaching the sort of cathartic climax it approximates.
Line for line, insult for insult, The Trip is the year's most addictively quotable movie.
A couple of hams served up with just the right blend of vinegar and spice to tantalize even the most discriminating palate.
Part road-movie, part restaurant-review, 100% hilarious.
Droll, improvising, overlong but awfully funny.
Bleakly rolling moors and stiff-chinned restaurants bring a chilly tone to this austere, investigative, self-reflexive, and yet somehow rollicking comedy...
Not big on plot or story so there are slow patches, but the interaction of Brydon and Coogan makes this more worthwhile, if less informative, than any number of food-travel shows.
I expected 'The Trip' to be funny, but I didn't expect it to be one of the year's most beautiful films, thanks to cinematographer Ben Smithard's stunning landscape shots -- it's like the 'Days of Heaven' of Brit impressionist movies
A funny and intelligent buddy movie about two men with similar talents but different personalities, traipsing across fog-shrouded northern England on a wild-goose chase.
Has some funny moments when the boys engage in one-upmanship and serve up their droll Brit humor.
There is no earthly reason why Michael Winterbottom's The Trip should work, and several reasons why it shouldn't. Remarkably, it does work.
Just watching them volley impressions at each other for a couple of hours would make for a great time at the movies. But Winterbottom and his actors manage to underlay a melancholy note beneath the merriment, making "The Trip" even more satisfying.
Somehow the two keep from killing each other - or even griping all that much - long enough to make it through a hefty chunk of pleasing celluloid.
At nearly two hours, the film feels endless.
Slightly broken by its trip from series to feature... [it's] not that The Trip no good, but that The Trip should be so much better.
Terrific stuff.
The Trip is not about food; it's about friendship, one that will give you plenty to laugh - and think - about.
The Trip is a comedy about two guys going to fancy restaurants in the English countryside. Sounds hilarious, huh? Well, it actually is.
If the idea of going on a minibreak with Steve Coogan, Rob Brydon and Michael Winterbottom sounds like your cup of crazy, then run, don't walk, to see The Trip.
So, this is new: a frequently hilarious comedy that is also totally satisfying on an emotional level. A satire of fame that is never mean-spirited, and isn't filled with obnoxious jokes aimed only at insiders.
Fuelled by some inspired and very funny improvisations - their duelling Michael Caine impersonations are a scream - the film gradually settles into a meditation on mid-life malaise.
Rejoice, Coogan and Brydon fans.
The Trip is light and easy to watch. It won't blow you away but you're likely to leave the theatre in a better mood than when you arrived.
...the feature is almost entirely improvised, yet displays some of the sharpest, funniest dialogue in recent memory.
Director Winterbottom has worked with these two before, in the quirky and underappreciated Tristram Shandy for one, and nurtures verisimilitude in the narcissistic and neurotic persona Coogan displayed in that movie and others.
Much more than an appetizer, if not quite a main course, it definitely goes down a treat.
The pinch of pathos in this tart comedy makes the "The Trip" a transportive experience.
Your enjoyment of the film rests entirely on enjoying the company of Coogan and Brydon. I find the duo extremely talented and funny, and many sequences in the film are very, very, funny indeed.
The Trip boasts a pervasively agreeable atmosphere that proves instrumental in compensating for its flaws.
Though the film is genuinely blessed by the inspired improvised banter of its stars, it is the melancholy air of the movie's quieter moments that really get you in.
The Trip is a very funny film about friendship that has a surprisingly touching twist in its tail.
If the narrative is just a touch out of puff by the end, it's worth it for such subtly hilarious scenes along the way. With The Trip it really is the journey that matters, not the destination.
Think The Odd Couple with sartorial style and more bickering. Add hints of truisms about middle age, sex, family, mortality and the limits of friendship and The Trip reveals itself to be more than it initially appears.
While this offers up the odd laugh, the continual banter grows tedious and wearying, and the whole affair seems pointless.
The Trip works surprisingly well on the big screen as one continuous tale. That's down to its two leading men, who clearly relish sharing screen time with one another.
The joy of this small, unimportant contest is weirdly addictive; you come out of the film as if from a concert, playing the music of false voices in your head.
Starting on Monday, Coogan and Bryden share meals . . . and what passes for conversation. When they're not insufferable, they're boring
[The] humor in this film is so strong and so overpowering there were more than a few instances where my gut began to hurt because I was laughing so hard.
If you're up for a chatty riff, this is an entertaining one.
The film is a wickedly funny joy ride that offers keen, unflatteringly honest insights on fame, midlife crises and the rivalrous nature of male friendship.
Leisurely, yet competitive, culinary tour de farce
The pacing is entirely different from the television version, much tighter and with a sometimes too-hurried drive to get to the next destination. But taken on its own, it's still absolutely hilarious.
What makes this so enjoyable is the bickering, the camaraderie, the competition and the friendship between Steve and Rob.
It's already a busy summer, rife with 3-D comic book action. If that isn't your taste, or even if it is, "The Trip" offers a vastly different alternative.
"The Trip" is brilliantly conceived and performed. It's one film experience you wish could go on a bit longer.
A comic diversion that aspires to the old Seinfeld gag of being 'about nothing.'
It's rife with observations about men of a certain age, actors of a certain career -- and for a bonus, restaurants of a certain moment.
Frequent Coogan handler Michael Winterbottom directs with a light, commercial touch of absurdity.
A simple conflict ... that is almost redeemed by the subtly fearless performances of its leads.
Have you ever been trapped in the back seat of a car while the old married couple up front bickers and banters for hours? It's either sheer torture or, if the couple happens to be Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon, wildly entertaining.
Reunites the delectable pair of Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon, real-life actor-comic friends who play versions of themselves to highly amusing and oddly wistful effect.
Far less than the sum of its parts. The framework upon which it hangs creaks under the weight of injudicious oversight by Michael Winterbottom and editor Mags Arnold, who overindulge their stars.
It's two guys traveling, eating and talking. Doesn't sound like much. But it's terrific.
"The Trip" doesn't really go anywhere you didn't see it heading, but it's worth the journey.
Coogan and Brydon, as they proved earlier in Winterbottom's brilliant "Tristram Shandy: A Cock and Bull Story," are a pair of pretty funny guys to spend time with; their riff on "We leave at daybreak!" is almost worth the ticket price.
It's pee-your-pants funny.
Suggests a reality TV fusion of "Sideways'' and a Bob Hope/Bing Crosby "Road'' movie, or maybe "My Dinner With Andre'' repurposed into a movable feast.
A rambling but illuminating odyssey that has as much to do with friendship - and the competition and conflicts that come with it - as it does with celebrating the comedic chops of its two stars.
The odyssey goes on a bit too long, and I suppose a taste for extra dry British comedy is a requirement, but this Trip is well worth one.
The movie offers enough good one-liners, both comic and ruminative, to hold one's interest, but don't expect much else.
This is a great deal more entertaining than it sounds, in large part because the two actors are gifted mimics -- Brydon the better one, although Coogan doesn't think so.
Rarely does a movie so bittersweet induce so much giggling.
In its best moments, this is a pleasant trifle, but sometimes it's just pleasantly boring.
There's a good movie in here somewhere.
An easy-going trek down a road well-traveled by these two.
During the film's funny stretches, as when Brydon and Coogan get into a loud public row about who does the better Michael Caine, I was laughing too hard to care about unexplored character arcs.
Slight but funny and at times almost painfully real.
A bit of background: I became a Steve Coogan fan when I saw his freewheeling performance in Michael Winterbottom's 24 Hour Party People (2002), unaware that he made his name in the UK with a very funny character he created-named Alan Partridge-for a...
Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon take the audience on a cruise through stand-up comedy in this easy-going farce.
The whole thing doesn't add up to a full meal, perhaps. But it is, as one of these chefs might say, a quite delightful amuse-bouche.
As smart as it is side-splittingly silly.
Every so often, a film comes along that redefines the boundaries of cinema. And every so often there is a movie about two middle-age men driving around and having lunch.
The giddy sequences of sublime, inspired silliness make it all worthwhile.
"The Trip" may be the wryest and most affecting of all the recent movies about middle-aged male angst.
By the time they were singing ABBA songs at the top of their lungs, I was gone. These guys are a hoot, and The Trip is a trip and a half.
Their travels and squabbles are great fun to watch, the countryside is bucolic, the food mouthwatering. You just wouldn't want to go on a real road trip with them.
Does it matter where a performer ends and the persona begins, or if the two can be separated? In "The Trip" you search for authenticity among the jokes and lulls, but what you get is what you see and hear...
The Trip is probably too long, but I have to say "probably" because I would have been happy with an additional half-hour of Steve and Rob doing more impressions.
The Trip is a fine, funny movie. But there's no reason why it couldn't have been even finer and funnier.
Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon pair up again, ostensibly for a culinary tour of northern England, but really to win bragging rights for the best Michael Caine.
a comedy buffet... immensely enjoyable
I marvel at the way Winterbottom and his actors have captured the essence of your garden-variety midlife crisis in this lively and often bitterly funny two-hour distillation.
A hoot..Features the pair of British funnymen trying to one-up each other, topping each other's James Bond or offering dueling versions of their Michael Caine impressions.
For those who don't appreciate Coogan and Brydon's talky humor, 'The Trip' doesn't have much at all to offer.
This amuse-bouche of a setup (culled from six episodes of BBC television) blooms into a meal of majestic agony.
The verbal jousts are droll and the countryside is splendid, although the food -- an endless succession of fussy little presentations -- may be an acquired taste.
The project suffers badly from being largely improvised as the pair fall back on familiar impressions and old jokes. Lazy and indulgent, it smacks of being what the British call a "jolly," that is a freebie with no obligation to turn in work afterward.
Michael Winterbottom's The Trip is about 20 minutes too long, but the other 90 are among the funniest in recent memory.
The incredible thing about The Trip, Michael Winterbottom's road trip comedy featuring the comedic stylings of Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon, is that it gets away with a lot by doing very little.
As such, it's a diverting entertainment. And it does, I admit, make me curious to see the full series...
Infinitely funny and entertaining, but also ending on a coda of sadness, one that leaves you wondering how much of the real Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon are on display here?
Coogan and Brydon, building their performances largely through improvisation, have such rapport that it's easy to digest their brand of affectionate chatter laced with mildly mean-spirited ribbing.
The impersonations of Sean Connery, Michael Caine an dothers are hilarious and there some witty one-liners, but the mockumentary overextends its welcome by at least 20 minutes.
This battle of the voices [Steve Coogan and Rob Braydon] provides and sustains out loud laughs through the whole movie.
A wonderful mockumentary that provides plenty of laughs and chuckles - a hoot from start to finish.
This largely improvised mockumentary has been culled down from its British television airing into a 111 minute theatrical release that leaves us begging for more of the original.
Imagine Winterbottom's previous film 9 Songs but instead of rock concerts and NC-17 sex there's seared scallops and impersonations of Michael Caine.
What works in bite-sized portions, quickly sours as an evening's extended dining.
There's something openly refreshing about Steve Coogan's and Rob Brydon's shoot-from-the-hip bromance comedy. That tart element is the pure Britishness of the whole thing.

@highlight

Amiable, funny and sometimes insightful, The Trip works as both a showcase for the enduring chemistry between stars Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon and an unexpected perusal of men entering mid-life crises.