Were Cut Bank not a movie but a pilot, with room and inclination to grow, maybe it could seem like more than just a hasty mash-up.
Cut Bank is a pretty terrible film that I've developed a misplaced affection for anyway.
Cut Bank is ersatz in almost every way, a parade of dumb people doing foolish things while other, dumber people plod along behind them slowly putting things together.
This well-cast grabber holds few surprises, but plenty of dark humor that suggests vastly superior films like "Fargo" or "Blood Simple."
Once blood starts spurting and the old pros take control of the show, Patino's clever plotting wins viewers over.
Admirers of small-town gamesmanship when it comes to murder will likely be the most entertained, but even the most patient with Matt Shakman's movie might find their attention wandering away while the film struggles to sustain suspense.
Quite apart from the equally apparent lack of the Coens's extraordinary visual acuity, Cut Bank comes up short because it simply presumes that guilt and evil already live in town, just waiting for us to arrive and see the show.
This is one script that no doubt read a lot better than it was ever going to look or sound.
Deficient in charisma, Hemsworth lacks both the grit and grin that his complicated role demands.
In this sort of film, plenty of characters hope to get out of their small-time town, while viewers hope to get out of the theater.
Like many of its brethren, the movie seems to love itself while hating its characters.
Less 'Fargo Lite' than 'Fargo Flat'...a thoroughly pedestrian stroll through Coen brothers territory.
Works mainly as a throwback to those off-brand knock-offs that cluttered video store shelves in the mid-'90s. Good news, I guess, if you're nostalgic for Keys to Tulsa, Clay Pigeons or Feeling Minnesota.
It could have been so much more, and maybe that's its greatest flaw.
An entertaining but slow-paced thriller about fraud and murder in a small town.
Just a generic exercise in pulp fiction.
Cut Bank has a clever premise and a cast that works hard to make it worthwhile to stick with the film through the clunky parts.
While there's some undeniably inherent joy in just seeing some of these great actors play off each other, the sum here is a shockingly dull affair, almost made more disappointing by the talent it wastes.
Shakman is clearly going for a dark and bloody Fargo-style crime thriller, but the biggest crime in the film is just how derivative it all feels.
Predictable thriller has lots of violence, some swearing.
Patino's flights of high-flown language are both tasty and distracting; Dern, in ultra-crusty mode, makes the most of a crucial tirade. If only anything felt at stake in this story's dark spiral.
While the scaffolding of the films feel half-finished, great actors can make material much worse than this still worth watching. And while that might sound like faint praise, it's better than no praise at all.
The central problem with "Cut Bank" is a screenplay by Roberto Patino that never achieves comic liftoff despite an abundance of facetious humor.
Violent and on-the-edge of funny, "Fargo Lite," right up to the end, where the wheels come off.
This Bizarro-universe Coen brothers mash-up has the decency to be sporadically fun, even when it isn't especially original or steady.
[John Malkovich's] performance reminds us that good acting transcends mediocre material.
Without his usual tics, Malkovich is a wonder, quietly transforming an unassuming town fixture into Cut Bank's conscience.
Clever enough to provoke a few abrupt laughs along the way, this big screen debut for two television stalwarts... is sabotaged by some frightfully on-the-nose expository dialogue and an adamantly prosaic visual style.
It's difficult to discern if the missteps here were inherent in Roberto Patino's script (which made the 2009 Black List) or arise from less-than-ideal execution of the material.
Cut Bank is an entertaining enough movie with a good cast who mostly perform well. It just isn't the groundbreaking genre-buster its makers apparently think it is.
Cut Bank is well told with a different twist.
If the film is meant only as a pulpy genre exercise, Matt Shakman's competence in various modes actually works to strip it of any sense of coherent vision.
While Cut Bank has its clever moments, funny running gags, and a few shocking death scenes, it's just too expository and derivative; what's more, it takes itself far too seriously.
Generic yet entertaining...
A pile of knockoff flourishes which adds up to to a lot of manure in the fields of Montana.
If it be fated that every state eventually gets a Fargo knockoff to call its own, Montana will be disappointed that there's turned out to be as bloodless as Cut Bank.
"Cut Bank" fades into the background while its veteran actors look for ways to keep interested.

@highlight

Cut Bank contains typically outstanding work from its solid veteran cast, but it's lost in a dull morass of predictably derivative crime thriller clichés.