There's nothing wrong with enjoying a balls to the wall guy film where muscle bound behemoths blow shit up and fight to the death...
An action film about a hyper-violent reality contest that quickly devolves into a monotonous series of hand-to-hand combat scenes.
The film even attempts to make moral judgments about how watching a fight to the death is wrong, which ends up alienating anybody that sat their butt down in the theater in the first place.
...Scott Wiper's hopelessly inept directorial choices - coupled with an overall vibe of ugliness - ensures that the movie ultimately fares about as well as its straight-to-video action brethren...
Don't look to glean too much from it other than a few cool fight scenes and some funny one-liners.
What a base, and baseless, film this is.
The Condemned sprays its fury wide: media manipulators, political opportunists and technology-pacified couch potatoes are among the collaterally damaged. Paying audiences don't get off so easy either.
This is why wrestlers wrestle and actors act.
The Condemned tries to have its cake and eat it, too, alternately between a preachy scene about the depravity of reality entertainment followed by sequences of remorseless carnage, such as when Vinnie Jones guns down a roomful of unarmed people in cold bl
Designed to make you cringe from its violent scenes, "The Condemned" is a paradox of a movie.Its sole purpose is to depict people killing, torturing and raping each other. And yet it contains a preachy theme about the kinds of people who would pay to watc
Where's Richard Dawson when you need him?
Attacking the intended audience is one of those things that a filmmaker just doesn't do. Jeez!
if you're going to make a movie like this... do it right. Don't complicate things. Keep it simple, bloody, and stupid.
I was looking for a movie like this. An over the top cheesy action film. What?! I said I've been seeing a lot of overly serious movies lately. What?! Its summer, I want to see stuff get blown up. What?!
If you're going to promise audiences a death match, pony up a real budget instead of padding your plot to make us feel guilty for watching it.
...a nifty vicarious wallow for the "No Fear" T-shirt crowd.
There were definitely some unexplored situations that would have made this film a lot more enthralling.
two hours of mindless violence and then have the nerve to lecture the audience on why violence is wrong.
Cheesy enough to satisfy your B-movie cravings in half Grindhouse's running time.
That the movie was produced by World Wrestling Entertainment is just another source of amusement in a film that has some pretty funny ideas about what's entertaining.
Wiper may make the point that people would pay to watch such a snuff film, but he too vigorously rubs his audience's nose in it.
This is a fast-paced, well-made piece of garbage.
... dopey, ultraviolent vehicle for World Wrestling Federation star "Stone Cold" Steve Austin ...
The manly man's movie of the year is here. The Condemned makes Con Air look like Mr. Rogers' Neighborhood.
A reprehensible film that glorifies violence, but what would you expect from Producer wrestling promoter Vince McMahon, Hamlet?
Though wearing its hypocrisy on its sleeve by dabbling in while denouncing violence as entertainment, the posturing is really a mirror image of what goes on every day in America between the parallel universes of the moralizers and media profiteers.
This movie didn't just miss the boat on the condemnation of reality TV; it started swimming in the other direction to try to catch up with it.
Despite the transparent plotline, the dumb dialogue, the cheesy special f/x, the cornball comic relief and the self-righteous sermonizing, this campy B-movie adds up to a cinematic experience so godawful, it's great, in a reverse chic sort of way.
The most notable thing about The Condemned is how it manages to be both ridiculously dull and incredibly offensive at the same time.
In the great pantheon of recent WWE vehicles, The Condemned ranks somewhere above the Kane vehicle See No Evil and below the John Cena-starrer The Marine.
If you thought getting voted off the island on Survivor was tough, The Condemned takes that concept as ridiculously and hideously far as can be imagined.
Perhaps the worst aspect of this shameless rehash of better movies like Battle Royale (2000), Series 7 (2001) and even The Running Man (1987) is not its astonishing dullness but its pretentions to moral rectitude.
While rather preposterously hypocritical in its moral pretensions, it nevertheless comes through in the no-holds-barred, body-slam department.
[You'd be] better off waiting for the DVD to enjoy this torpid turkey, which is probably how it should have debuted anyway.
You have to love an anti-violence movie that has as its slogan, "10 people will fight. 9 people will die. You get to watch." Hypocrisy in and of itself isn't amusing, but when it's on this grand a scale it becomes hilarious.
The title is not just a description of the competitors; it is also a warning, as in catch this at the multiplex and know that you are condemning yourself to 112 minutes of pure punishment.
It's the second movie in a month (following Vacancy) that turns up its nose at those who arrange and photograph violence, only to find the best way to express its disgust is to kill them. Violently.
There are some nicely over-the-top moments in this Battle Royale/Running Man puree -- most involving people plummeting and blowing up. But the misogyny and choppy action edits spoil the fun.
When it isn't depicting brutal deaths, the film condemns audiences for flocking to see lurid entertainment. If director Scott Wiper is trying to make a statement, it gets lost in a mirror maze of hypocrisy and self-loathing.
The Condemned is tailor-made for those who like their violence multifaceted and their women monosyllabic.
The Condemned, directed by Scott Wiper (appropriate last name), is a bad rip-off of the 2000 Japanese sensation Battle Royale and the 1932 U.S. classic The Most Dangerous Game.
It's not only morally bankrupt but, between the ludicrous script and Z-level acting, scrapes the bottom of the entertainment barrel, too.
There are only so many ways to kill a person before it starts becoming utterly predictable, making things feel boring even as they become more harsh.
"The Condemned" poses a question about why the word "whore" is considered equal to or greater than "murderer."
A zillionaire collects 10 hard cases from death rows around the world (how about that, even Running Man rip-offs are being outsourced).
There are a surprising number of decent performances in this otherwise inept action slog.
The film has gross scenes of rape and torture and killing. It also has a stern lecture on the violence peddled by those who create entertainment (seriously), so you won't know whether to laugh or cry. So just don't go.
If WWE overlord Vince McMahon can extract anything good from "The Condemned," it's that the XFL no longer is his greatest creative failure.
Condemn it to obscurity if you can.
Most TV wrestling matches are better scripted than The Condemned.
If there were any justice, a print of this film would be shipped, sight unseen, to an inconspicuous island in the South Pacific and forced to fight for its survival against nine other nasty, insulting torture flicks.
The Condemned attempts to redeem itself with some late-inning moralizing that only cheapens the proceedings; if you're going to brandish as many guns as The Condemned does, at least stick to 'em in the end.
The Condemned would be a lot more fun if director and co-writer Scott Wiper had approached it with humor. Instead, he delivers this nonsense with a straight face.
The Deadliest Game has played out many times on screen, including with Arnold Schwarzenegger in a post-apocalypse The Running Man, but rarely is it aimed as squarely at the pitfalls of pop culture as in The Condemned.
What happens in The Condemned is wrong on so many levels; it's sick, twisted, bloody and brutal, and yet it's compelling -- until its preposterousness busts at the seams.
It packs enough red-hot fiery action for six movies. The fact that it makes some suprisingly ironic and pertinent points about extreme violence as entertainment gives it the kind of gravitas blood & guts films like this rarely aspire to achieve.
Nobody rooting for the movie career of "Stone Cold" Steve Austin , the big, swaggering professional wrestler, wants to hear that his debut vehicle, The Condemned, is execrable. So those people will have to stop reading, because it is.
I'd claim it was a blatant rip-off of Kinji Fukasaku's fantastic 2000 cult masterwork Battle Royale, but then I'd have to try and compare this insipidly inert monstrosity with that explosively sensationalistic classic.
Smarter-than-average action movie.
If Rodriguez and Tarantino had been smart with Grindhouse, they would have dropped Tarantino's talky Deathproof and replaced it with The Condemned.
Wiper loses the audience for good when he has some of his supporting characters give long speeches that thrash the contest before showing additional fights.
All about the cheesy dialogue, loud pounding music, and Stone Cold Steve Austin growling, scowling and looking mean, while the women in the movie run around in tight tank tops designed to show off their decolletage.
To lecture an audience (primarily wrestling fans) that violence is w-r-o-n-g is either the most inspired button of psychosis I've come across yet during my time as a critic, or actual proof that nobody was paying attention when they made this film.
"Those of us who watch, are we the condemned?" a character asks in a laughable attempt at earnestness. In a way, we are indeed: condemned to watch 111 minutes of suck.
Tough, mean, nasty, and vicious. Rambo 4 had better come up with something to top this.
At nearly two hours, it's nearly two hours too long.
A sloppy, black-hearted pile of crap, calculated to titillate an audience of tools by giving them tough-guy dialogue, savage violence, and Nickelback songs.
... a sloppy, indifferent action movie with a sadistic edge and a sour hypocrisy.
I did learn that Steve Austin can throw a cell phone-sized piece of C4 into a helicopter from a quarter mile away. Get him a uniform!
The Condemned occupies moral ground shiftier than the San Andreas fault.
Austin deserves better material than this. So do we.
The film presents its pulp cruelty without irony, and that lack of anesthetic distancing makes its sadism genuinely reprehensible.
The Condemned has a nasty mean streak toward its female characters -- a real no-no that prevents it from being simple, dumb fun.
This cynical action picture wants to have its cake and eat it too.
Despite a slick production and good actors, The Condemned is a real stinker.
A laughably heavy-handed sermon railing against the modern-day media's greedy thirst for exploitation as a means of entertainment.
It looks like thinking hurts [Austin's] head, and watching him hurts mine.
After indulging the audience in butt-kicking action, director Scott Wiper and his small squad of co-writers segue into disingenuous moralizing about the way society enjoys watching violence.
The Condemned is the latest action film from director Scott Wiper. It is also a noun describing those poor viewers who end up stuck in a theater showing this film.
What the bottom-feeding bottom-liners at WWE condemned us to was a cut-rate action film with a promising premise, lacking the heart or smarts to make us care.
In the end, it's just another commercial feature that's selling what it's condemning: getting off vicariously on violence.
The Condemned isn't terribly effective as an actioner, despite a certain promise latent in its island-prison premise.
Flaws, double standards, strange detours and all, this is still the most entertaining WWE release to date.
A near-lunatic combination of a movie that's basically wall-to-wall violence--not especially well-executed, at that--with a warning about the effects of violent entertainment.
This is a B picture that wants to be smarter than its central concept ... and there are moments when it's even smarter than it intends.
I'd like to condemn this piece of trash to a celluloid landfill.
Destined to be one of this year's first true Razzie frontrunners.
It has the audacity to serve as a self-righteous indictment of graphic, gratuitous violence, even though that's exactly what it's peddling.
It's tough not to think of a big, dumb, talentless slab of beef when you watch former phony-wrestling star Steve Austin in action here.
Director Scott Wiper makes the critical mistake of copping attitude and a conscience about the inherent pitfalls of reality TV.
As off-putting and ridiculous as it is ponderous, this WWE Films enterprise should have been condemned to fight for space on the DVD shelves rather than be thrust upon unsuspecting moviegoers.
Pic could use more humor, though it does have scattered unintentional laughs, particularly one late, solemnly admonishing speech about how those producing entertainment need to take responsibility for glorifying violence.
The action scenes do a better job than the exposition when it comes to turning us off of violence as entertainment, just by being so lousy.
A shameless rip on Kinji Fukasaku's Battle Royale, The Condemned unseats Slow Burn as the most hilariously inane film of 2007.
Lovers of B-movie fare of Rodriguez and Tarantino will enjoy the gore and violence of this one.






@highlight

The Condemned is a morally ambiguous, exceedingly violent and mostly forgettable action film.