The chase scenes and special effects are great, or at least much better than I anticipated.
Please, please don't see it. Value your time more than I did.
What we are left with is a mildly entertaining, utterly harmless mid-summer blockbuster that marks another misstep in the career of Ryan Reynolds.
Bake a 'Men In Black' pie; throw in some 'Ghostbusters,' 'This Is the End,' 'True Grit,' and 'Weeds,' drain the fun out, and you get the half-baked, derivative 'R.I.P.D.'
The kind of terrible that doesn't wash out, destined to be remembered among the pantheon of big budget bombs like "The Adventures Of Pluto Nash" and "Cutthroat Island."
It's not a buddy-cop movie, nor is it an action movie. It's just one vaguely funny joke told for 98 minutes.
It's a predictable and cliché filled soap opera mess played straight with an afterlife gimmick.
a film so preoccupied with style, (the stars) wander around the film without anything of note to do
R.I.P.D may look like something that you've seen before (and you kind of have) but with deft direction, the primal allure of redemption and lightning pace; prepare for a surprisingly entertaining ride.
Bridges may be doing this for the pay cheque but at least he seems determined to give value for money.
It's MIB meets Ghost via Ghostbusters in this flat, FX-driven drivel...Apparently, they're not just scratching the bottom of the Hollywood ideas barrell, they've worn all the way through and are now hitting the floor.
The script is never actually funny, and the filmmakers' desperate attempt to crank up the mayhem with digital trickery is merely exhausting.
Overall, it's a directionless mess: too expensive for a B-movie, too grown-up for a kids' movie (funerals, bereavement and jokes about Steely Dan) and too infantile for everyone else.
The Oscar-winning Bridges sounds like he's chewing marbles and suddenly looks 10 years older than 63.
Who thought this was a good idea and why are they still allowed out alone at night?
A patchy attempt to wrangle quirky, other-worldly comic-book mythology into a mainstream 3D blockbuster format, but one which lacks the oddball imagination to pull it off.
Bridges (gorgeous and effortlessly leftfield) has saved many a dire film. He tries to hold the fort but it just can't be done.
What pours from the screen while you watch this comic book adaptation is seething, unadulterated cynicism.
Bridges has fun slumming here, but even he can't save it from kicking the bucket about halfway through.
It was nice to watch a movie that had no delusions of grandeur, a simple flick that both plays to its strengths and makes light of its own weaknesses.
R.I.P.D. is so wrong-headed that the people who made it couldn't even manage a decent rip-off of Men In Black; they decided to copy the abominable Men In Black 2 instead.
Sluggish and boring, it doesn't have an original bone in its dead body.
[A] goofy and derivative supernatural action-adventure, based on a comic-book series by Peter Lenkov.
So generic a cut-and-paste job is the film's every aesthetic cue, it's surprising to even find a director's name surface in the closing credits.
It's billed as a supernatural action-adventure comedy, but its laughs are almost non-existent, its action depends on seen-it-all-before CGI trickery and much of its plot defies comprehension.
Every bit the lifeless blockbuster that its name suggests.
The ingredients are all here, but this mash-up of Ghost with Men in Black is a painful misfire, neither funny nor engaging on any level.
A decent amount of fun, thanks to some amusing gags, a handful of nice ideas and a pair of enjoyable comic performances from Reynolds and Bridges.
A bloated blockbuster that squanders a promising premise in favour of soulless set-pieces and ejaculatory explosions of CGI.
You won't die laughing...but it's a pleasant enough diversion.
Confusing and uninspired rather than completely inept, it's still likely to be swiftly struck from the résumés of all involved.
The brilliant Jeff Bridges is pretty much the whole show in this lazily enjoyable tale of afterlife cops doing battle with ghostly ghouls.
Rampant CGI monsters, aggressive 3D and a fine cast - especially a likeably grizzly Jeff Bridges - still can't bring this ho-hum Men In Black redux to life.
like the ghost of a real movie
It's hard to think of a lazier, less-ambitious blockbuster in recent memory.
...a note-perfect example of everything that's wrong with contemporary blockbusters...
The movie might best be enjoyed by kids, although parents won't appreciate the 'comic' moment when the deceased Roy reports that the coyote that ate his carcass 'made love' to his skull.
I watched this movie with three chatty strangers on [a] Thursday night in an otherwise empty theater. Universal couldn't say "no." Looks like that's our job now.
Forgiving viewers may find enjoyment in R.I.P.D. but the film is so choppy and half-baked that living, thinking, moviegoers should let this one rest in peace.
It's a paint-by-numbers approach in which the film's comedy and drama both fall flat.
Funeral services are already under way at the nation's multiplexes, so the easily entertained might want to pay their respects before this one gets buried by newer releases.
Bridges essentially recycles his Rooster Cogburn mannerisms here - but in a movie whose action sequences steal from "The Matrix" and "Ghostbusters," who's going to notice?
The pleasures are only sporadic. R.I.P.D. simply can't overcome its flaws or the fact that it too closely resembles the far superior Men in Black.
This spends little time on exposition and doesn't go in for any false pathos; compared with most recent comic-book movies, this is lean, unpretentious filmmaking--and to my taste, a lot more fun for it.
Images of Jeff Bridges enjoying himself are almost enough to make a movie work. "R.I.P.D." does its best to stop him dead in his tracks.
A good action adventure with some comedy thrown in, and Mary Louise Parker steals the show
If it sounds like Men in Black with ghosts instead of aliens that's because that's exactly what it is, just with a bit less wit and slickness.
R.I.P.D. is D.O.A.!
Many critics have been comparing this to MEN IN BLACK, and I am going to have to disagree with that comparison. This is much more like MEN IN BLACK 2, and that's not a good thing!
There's an interesting premise here. It's just poorly executed.
Too bad director Robert Schwentke ("RED") and the writing team handling the 3-D screen adaptation don't hold up their end, failing to do much with a premise that felt like it could rate with, say, "Men in Black."
Mr. Bridges is almost always fun to watch, but even his squinting and Slim Pickens-style whooping can't make the time pass faster.
R.I.P.D isn't as bad as everyone says, mainly because Jeff Bridges plays a thoroughly entertaining Western lawman, but it's still not a winner by any means.
A colossal mess of an action movie.
When Jeff Bridges being thrown under a bus is the best thing a film has to offer, that's when you know that that paved cinematic road ahead of you is going to be unreasonably rough.
Wastes whatever potential it had with bland, jokey dialogue and mediocre action that is expensive yet looks cheap.
The film devotes far more energy to concept than execution, leaving most of the promising aspects high and dry.
R.I.P.D. is exactly as bad as you expected it to be from the trailer.
Comes across as almost totally lifeless, as if it were on autopilot or generated by a computer that had been fed certain data and asked to spit out a movie.
A half-hour into the film, and it feels like the eighth day of jury duty.
With its low-stakes chase scenes, obvious-from-the-get-go villains and nonsensical plotting, this feels more like a 96-minute-long episode of Scooby-Doo that's been laboriously translated into another language and then back into English.
R.I.P.D. is so bad that it should just drop the "D" and R.I.P.
It's an unpleasant way to pass a couple summer hours.
This was better than I thought it would be. But it's nothing you should pay full price for. (Full Parental Review also available)
R.I.P.D. is a dud that squanders a decent cast and succeeds neither as the comedy nor the action film it purports to be.
Even though the once-and-forever Dude abides by the rules of the game, he can't raise the pulse on this bomb.
Whatever were the Universal execs thinking when they green lit this mega-expensive turkey?
Despite its flaws, "R.I.P.D." is a fairly entertaining and frequently funny movie.
Thankfully, "R.I.P.D." is a short film, with a duration of only 96 minutes. But I was wishing for its ending long before then.
One can't help but wonder what the heck Jeff Bridges is doing there.
The film is a visual mess, with cheap-looking effects hampered even further by crummy and unconvincing 3-D.
Benefits from a hilariously free-associative performance by Jeff Bridges.
R.I.P.D. does offer a pretty good idea of what the afterlife might look like to someone suffering macular degeneration.
The results feel rote and trite, like a mid-1980s NBC pilot designed to take the 9:00 hour between Misfits of Science and Manimal.
R.I.P.D. begins from a place of endless possibilities and imagination, then follows the breadcrumbs of formula to a wholly generic end.
You won't see it popping up on any best-of lists, but it is an adequate 96-minute time-waster.
Nothing short of wiping their memories with a real-life neuralizer is going to convince moviegoers that the supernatural buddy-cop comedy R.I.P.D. is anything more than a thinly disguised Men In Black ripoff.
God, where do I start?
Sloppily edited, poorly plotted and overly derivative, it puts the 'R.I.P.' in 'ripoff.'
... the execution is pretty lively, irreverent, visually engaging, and every now and then almost actually witty.
It's not funny. It's not exciting. It's not engaging. It's a waste of time and money. Having seen it, I can understand why it was hidden from critics. The disappointment is that it wasn't hidden from everyone else as well.
It doesn't seem likely we'll encounter an R.I.P.D. 2, but if the dead cops do manage to return to the screen, I hope they'll find a filmmaker interested in excitement and hilarity, not just numbing eye candy.
Not so much of a movie as it is a movie-like substance ...
Despite poisonous industry buzz, R.I.P.D. is not an epic disaster. It's also not very fresh or inventive, which can't be good news for a costly production in a season of disappointing releases.
Perhaps there was a clever germ of an idea here, but the five credited writers didn't develop characters, scenarios or rules in this sci-fi world well enough to engage the audience.
As a major undertaking with clear sequel ambitions, there's just not enough new and exciting here to cut it; when the brief 96-minute running time is one of its two or three only virtues, you know you're in trouble.
A would-be blockbuster gone horribly awry. The summer of 2013's biggest fiasco.
Yet another comic-book adaptation that should have stayed on the page...aims to be loopy and cool but only succeeds at being dumb and boring.
Rarely has the phrase "going through the motions" felt more fitting.
R.I.P.D. aspires to the hip, zippy, irreverent spirit of Men In Black, but this effects-heavy action-comedy is simply too unremarkable to generate much of a pulse.
Every movie coming out this year but "R.I.P.D." should pause for a big sigh of relief: The possibility of any of them being called the worst cinematic effort of 2013 has, as of today, just about disappeared.
The worst sort of "slap it together because some geeks recognize the title" film production. Truly awful.
It's the sort of movie that, if the air conditioning is working and the popcorn is handy, can provide a nice way to beat the heat.
If ever a movie was made for countless repeats on the USA Network, this is it.
Not since 'Jonah Hex'...

@highlight

It has its moments -- most of them courtesy of Jeff Bridges' rootin' tootin' performance as an undead Wild West sheriff -- but R.I.P.D. is ultimately too dim-witted and formulaic to satisfy.