I know it sounds like I'm trashing this movie, but the story has real juice and complexity, the performances have muscle, and the political backdrop is ripped from the headlines. I wasn't bored for a second.
This film was well worth the wait.
Maybe there's even a point embedded somewhere in there, but it's anybody's guess what that would be.
It's all very "ripped from the headlines" and the characters are more types than people, but at least it doesn't talk down to you. Much.
Journalistic ethics and the scandalous nature of politics are featured in the taut conspiracy thriller, State of Play.
At last, State Of Play is an example of a Hollywood refresh that not only stand up to the source, but builds upon it.
Smart, complex dramas constructed and performed with precision like this are too rare an offering to pass up.
Quite a stew of 'relevance'
Just couldn't get enthusiastic about the twists and turns in this story of an investigative reporter on the trail of political bad guys. It just made me long for "All the President's Men."
Kevin Macdonald's State of Play has, in fact, everything you need to tell a great journalist's story, except a great story.
Well played sirs. Well played
Boasting a cracking cast and a deliciously clever script, State of Play is a polished political thriller not to be missed.
Un thriller rutinario e intrascendente, que pretende hablar de temas importantes como la corrupción, la ética periodística y los abusos del corporativismo pero se queda en la superficie.
tate of Play is a smoothly written, almost instantly forgettable procedural featuring people we have trouble caring about.
It's really a story about the romance of newspapers and a good one - part of a tradition that goes all the way back to Ben Hecht and The Front Page. It may also mark the genre's end.
The film held me a fair way in, because it's well paced and the actors are competent. But finally, the plot took one or two big twists too far.
State of Play succeeds as mainstream entertainment to the point where it hardly makes sense to complain about its pulled political punches.
It hits the ground running, and - while never remotely innovative - manages to be unpredictable and labyrinthine enough to generally hold our attention.
Newspapers may be changing, but accessible adult movies of this quality are certain to keep Hollywood alive and kicking well into this century.
Director Kevin Macdonald attacks the material with aggression and panache, simultaneously decrying the fading stocks of serious journalism while marking out the shadow zone where government and big business seal their dirty deals.
I suspect that "State of Play's" minor faults will be easily forgivable by audiences just looking for some adult-level dramatics before they're banished for the summer movie season.
It's the kind of slick showstopper that's packed with enough twists, turns and deadly tension to lead the news any day of the week.
Represents mainstream Hollywood filmmaking at its best.
This is a well executed, compelling political thriller with plenty of relevance in today's warring world, where war to some means an opportunity to get very rich. Power and money are always an explosive combination
An engrossing tale with fine performances and is at its most enjoyable without too much plot analysis
A political thriller that eventually loses its enjoyable thriller aspects as it meanders off into propaganda for the once mighty newspaper biz.
It doesn't have anything particularly profound to say, but its old-fashioned virtues make its depictions of dark dealings along the Potomac feel all too possible.
Click for full review
a vivid and provocative excursion into the juxtaposition of ideals and the profit motive.
The movie State of Play is equal to its brilliant source (the BBC television program aired in 2003). Until the end. Then it gets contrived and caves in. This article compares and contrasts the two.
Both work and play--camerawork and screenplay--elevate Kevin Macdonald's State of Play from the usual conspiracy flick into a smart thriller.
First and foremost, State of Play is a love letter to the now dying print/newspaper industry. Remember that and you'll get the gist of the film.
Scottish director Kevin Macdonald specializes in making historic or potentially dry material seem as urgent as an ambulance siren.
An homage to investigative reporting with Crowe playing a likable protagonist whose methods will be seen by some as virtuously dogged and others as unequivocally unethical
Though satisfying as throwaway suspense, State of Play is framed with fondness for the American newspaper and sadness for its presumed demise.
...a rather conventional political thriller with a terrific cast...
I almost loved STATE OF PLAY
When the newspaper thriller's obituary is written, State of Play may well be cited as the genre's last gasp.
For all its success in the thriller arena, State of Play's real worth can be found in its attitude toward the newspaper industry.
The film is ultimately sunken by a shaky and ugly handheld visual style, as well as a contrived, convoluted plot with perhaps one twist too many.
State of Play is enjoyable, but this is not a great thriller. It's a cold film that has no emotional drive, no defining mood of tension or paranoia.
This intelligent, gripping film, like the small-screen version, ultimately places the greater moral blame on fallible human beings rather than larger political forces. This rather weakens the denouement.
Scots director Kevin MacDonald has created a film for our times with a smart conspiracy drama which quietly reels you in.
Intelligent, intricate thriller. http://www.dentonrc.com/sharedcontent/dws/drc/entertainment/movies/stories/DRC_State_of_play_rev_0416.de7b8ef8.html
Enjoyable even to audiences with fond memories of the TV series, State Of Play could give brainy big-screen drama a good name.
It's very successful, gripping from start to finish in the way that Michael Clayton almost but not quite did.
This is the best thriller of the year so far. Exciting, interesting, gripping and impossible not to get sucked into, this is a great movie.
A pulse-quickening political thriller that manages the neat trick of rewarding an observant viewer while also keeping the stragglers up to speed.
While the drama surrounding the murder is not especially gripping, the drama on the journalism side of the story is palpable.
Deliciously twisty and featuring a fiercely fun performance from Russell Crowe at its core, the picture is a welcome addition to the conspiracy-mad thriller genre.
The dialogue deficiencies are less easy to forgive, but neither these nor the sadly missed subplots can detract from the fact that State Of Play in any form is a damn fine yarn.
Once you get over the unlikelihood of Affleck and Crowe as buddies, State Of Play stands as a sterling thriller, benefiting from admirable convictions and an arguable return to form by Russell Crowe.
Despite the clichéd nature of much of the dialogue and the derivative thriller set-ups, 'State of Play' provides sufficient old-fashioned entertainment value to justify the ticket.
This is exhilarating, compulsive storytelling and looks likely to be one of the year's cinematic highlights.
State of Play rattles along very satisfactorily, and Crowe brings to the role a relaxed self-possession and even charm.
State of Play doesn't betray its source material. It's not a huge let-down. It's a perfectly satisfactory evening's entertainment. But I wish it could have been more than that.
Pacy, thought-provoking entertainment. Not perfect, but well worth the admission.
Like all good journalists, Macdonald works to the theory that 'How' is less important than 'Why' and keeps us wanting to know more.
The pros, including sharp dialogue from a triumvirate of writers including Bourne scribbler Tony Gilroy, outweigh the cons in a polished, engrossing whydunnit you'll want to see more than once.
twisty substantial thriller, faithfully adapted from a standout BBC mini-series. It's not as exceptional as its source but the changes implemented mostly enhance rather than harm the story.
Even if you don't normally bother with movies, cheer yourself up by seeing this. There hasn't been a more engrossing or intelligent political thriller in the past three decades.
State Of Play's portrayal of the fine art of hackery gets it just right which, welded to a cracking storyline, makes for a first-rate movie.
It might lack the political depth of All The President's Men, but this is a cracking tale for a new era... as conspiracy tales go, it is pretty darn impressive.
Whether you saw the TV programme or not, State Of Play remains a great murder mystery which should not be missed.
This is a smart, knowing addition to the great tradition of 1970s paranoid political thrillers, and as such includes several references to Watergate as well as featuring, as it had to, a tense sequence in an underground car-park.
It's a prestige picture all the way, supercompetent, polished, watchable - but oddly unexciting.
State Of Play is a good, old-fashioned thriller. It has believable characters and credible situations. It alternates dogged investigation with scenes of sweaty tension that Alfred Hitchcock would have been happy to orchestrate.
It's a tight, intimate drama. Like Bourne, this enthrallingly twisted plot starts - and stays - on the run but Brit director Kevin Macdonald guns for characterisation and intelligent 'state of the world' musing over expensively exploding helicopters.
How it plays out makes, in the hands of an excellent director such as Macdonald, a taut and clever thriller - even if it's not as modern as it likes to believe.
This is an enjoyable, well made and intelligent political thriller of the kind that Hollywood really ought to be churning out more often.
State Of Play is that rarest of movie happenings-a case of the PERFECT line-up of cast and behind-the-lens talent lining up in a great big cosmic doodah thingy of brilliance.
Nerves will be racked and I guarantee genuine edge of your seat moments. You may even wonder if Crowe will make it through to the bombshell twist of an ending. This State of Play is excellent.
It's a grown-up film that doesn't feel the need to bury its real-world resonances beneath layers of comic-book movie subterfuge or action film theatrics.
...a well crafted political thriller that's one part "All the President's Men" and one part "The Pelican Brief."
State of Play wants to remind us that good investigative reporters are still out there in a world dominated by gossip sheets and undisciplined bloggers.
A solid, intense, entertaining work that dares to ask its viewers to think while they watch.
'24' stole some of its plot but the movie's twists and turns are still something to Crowe about.
It's as much a funeral procession for a dying art as it is a celebration of its ideals.
The changes make for a well-made, well-paced thriller, but one that is ultimately merely okay at best without the impact that comes from something deeper.
State of Play is like a very filling meal. As it appears to end, one sighs with satisfaction. It was an exciting thriller with a viable resolution. ... But wait. There's more. The meal has been reheated, and thrown back slapdash on the screen.
A brisk old-fashioned political thriller with a modern look.
While the miniseries is undoubtedly a richer and more fulfilling dramatic experience, the film still manages to be exciting, thought-provoking, and highly entertaining.
The three screenwriters may have been trying to work too many plot strands into two hours; in any case, State of Play is both overstuffed and inconclusive.
It's sentimental in all the right ways.
Writing about a movie that acknowledges the demise of traditional media for an online magazine could be its own ironic verse in an Alanis Morissette song. Just like rain on your wedding day.
'State of Play' is the ideal movie for those hankering to watch a tense political thriller like the ones that seemed to appear regularly during the 1970s.
As a former reporter and a fervent believer that we need good, independent newspapers to do their jobs keeping government and business in check, I think they got the journalism right.
I want to see more films like this.
Crowe's terrific performance carries the movie.
This movie is a love letter to old school reporters. It's more about the journey than the mystery. One of the year's best films.
You know the bad guys and you know the why. Without some much-needed plot punch and places where you really worry about the characters, the concept fizzles.
A heck of a roller coaster ride, even if the rabbit-out-of-the-hat resolution is likely to leave you feeling cheated. Sometimes, getting there is all the fun.
Like a brief in USA Today, complete with colorful infographics and a really cool map. (In a good way!)
In this new universe where facts are mutable and ends are means, so-called ethical triumphs can only be short-term.
My bias is about to show. And I'm not talking about the fabric of my skirt.
Affleck comes across as stellar in this film; I think this is one of his best performances.
Sinister but somewhat incoherent, lacking in credibility.
A thriller framed with the blessings of contemporaneity, State of Play is smart, taut, packed with top-flight performances and tremendously entertaining.
Macdonald shifts the emphasis to highlight a moment when declining readership and corporate bottom lines threaten the tradition of print journalism.
This thought-provoking movie will leave audiences with a wealth of issues to ponder about our future.
Mature, well-acted thriller mixes violence and politics.
It would be funny if the surprise ending was that the newspaper just folded so the reporters had to abandon the case. I mean, someone still has to pay for their efforts. Exposing conspiracy and defending the public interest isn't free.
It won't change your life, but you won't feel you wasted your time %u2013 or your money %u2014 either.
The story has plenty of twists and turns in the plot, making it interesting to follow for the almost two-hour running time.
I'd still encourage viewers to check out the series, but the movie is an above-average Cliffs Notes version.
This is a thought-provoking mystery that kept me completely engaged beginning to end. I was captivated by it, sometimes so much so I just about forgot I was watching a movie at all.
A meandering movie that sometimes hits dead center and sometimes misfires dismally, resulting in a drama more tangled than taut.
The film is a veritable litany of torn-from-the-headlines issues, yet they all dovetail nicely within a thriller format. And this is the rare film that sends you out of the theater feeling a bit smarter than when you entered.
State of Play is still the sort of smart movie that expects you to pay attention from the get-go. It then rewards you for that focus.
It's a film in a hurry. In the scant minutes between plot twists, we get treated to bite-size nuggets of character development and a few juicy nibbles of acting from a cast almost universally committed to going large.
Giving new meaning to movie magic, those Hollywood tricksters have managed to shorten the story while slowing the pace -- all of a sudden, minutes are passing like hours.
The movie is tensely directed and it does have the kind of cast that can keep us interested throughout.
This rote paranoid thriller was adapted from a 2003 BBC miniseries, with a few topical headlines folded in and some cursory attempts to make newspapers seem au courant.
State of Play is bordered by the states of absurdity and cliché.
Holds together in proper, conspiracy-thriller style, providing general audiences with a few good surprises and some crackling performances.
State of Play makes you wonder where we'll be in a decade; more importantly, it makes you wonder where we are now.
Until State of Play slips into its small cascade of improbabilities near its end, it proves a thoroughly engaging and professional enterprise.
A serviceable thriller -- one that's tensely paced and enjoyable before the script betrays audience trust.
State of Play does get a little creaky in its last third -- at that point it needs to be more streamlined, more concise. But Macdonald and the screenwriters manage to weave their ideas through a sturdy-enough plot, so we never feel we're being preached to
This conspiracy thriller, starring Russell Crowe as an investigative newspaper reporter and Helen Mirren as his fire/ice editor, comes at us like the proverbial bat out of hell and keeps up a brisk rhythm built for intelligence.
For about 115 minutes, State of Play tells an alarming, tightly constructed story, with serious things to say about journalism and the state of the country.
The movie doesn't quite work, but even when it's misfiring it has an old-fashioned appeal.
For a handy compare-and-contrast, check out the small- and big-screen versions of State of Play. You'll see the difference between a vital work of popular art and a patched-up retread.
A brain-bending press thriller.
State of Play mixes murders and mergers, foot-chases and fact-checking, gunshots and cutting cynicism; it's the rare suspense film with style, muscle and brains.
It's a detail-oriented movie, and the details feel right, and that means we believe it, and that makes State of Play even more gripping.
Nothing is as it seems in State of Play, a crackerjack political thriller in which no individual, profession or institution gets away clean.
Explosive political thriller with a top-notch cast keeps you in its grip all the way. Russell Crowe's best performance since "A Beautiful Mind".
The chance to explore the swiftly changing culture of Web-age journalism is one of several intriguing possibilities that State of Play squanders.
There's still an undeniable satisfaction to be had in an intelligently executed thriller.
Directed by Kevin Macdonald, it's a capable if convoluted 'B' movie about government corruption, with an 'A' cast furiously pounding the pavement and keyboard.
While State of Play doesn't work all the time, it never fails to entertain and engage, retaining palpable substance and relevance.
The attempt to examine a decaying print world overrun by the sensationalist-driven blogosphere sadly gets lost in ham-fisted scenes, with Affleck decrying 'I thought you were my friend!'
[A] film that has spent an hour and forty-five minutes puffing itself into a battle for the Soul of American Democracy feebly hisses its way to a deflated conclusion.
State of Play is the best newspaper/journalism movie since Shattered Glass (2003).
...the movie suffers from a sporadic lack of context and character development that's compounded by the relentless manner with which the story unfolds...
The kind of film that really would benefit from a release later on in the year to receive award consideration along with all the other November-December contenders.
The kind of acting Crowe does here won't win awards and doesn't scream for attention. Yet it serves the thriller conventions as well as the old-warrior-journalist cliches in style.
Parental Content Review
It was refreshing to see a well-done thriller with great performances and intriguing twists that keep you guessing throughout.
Foremost an intelligent, adult genre film -- the thriller antidote to Fast & Furious. It traffics in brainy old-school suspense, courtesy of a twisty plot that holds up under scrutiny.
A taut and efficient thriller that, unlike so many of its genre, actually has a brain in its head.
State of Play isn't as intelligently woven or rewatchable as last year's superb murder mystery, Tell No One, but at least it has solid performances and enough surprises, thrills and tension to keep you at the edge of your seat.
A decent thriller where the details dry up, but you get enough action and intrigue to keep you interested.
Ends up, ironically, burying the lead beneath underdeveloped subplots and characters as well as a final act that seemed desperate to wrap itself up to meet its own deadline.
[T]his is probably the best two-hour, 2009 version of that six-hour, 2003 story possible, particularly in light of how much corporate journalism has changed in the last half decade...
While "State of Play" doesn't completely work as a whole, there are plenty of individual elements that do come off well enough to warrant at least a mild recommendation.
...the kind of thriller that begs to surprise with its twisting turn of events.
Up to the minute details, sharp talk, smooth performances, and a couple of surprising twists hold the interest and keep us engaged.
State of Play keeps the twists coming.
A busy thriller that moves between the worlds of newspapers and politics, Kevin Macdonald's State of Play zips along smoothly.
Though it is a well-crafted political thriller, State of Play may actually have more to say about the beleaguered state of print journalism than about governmental shenanigans.
Based on a hit BBC miniseries, State of Play features a handsome production and terrific performances from its aforementioned stars.
It's a pleasure watching this cast make the most of the material.
The journalist in me loved State of Play. The moviegoer in me even more so.
It's Bateman who adds juice just as too many conspiracies threaten to spoil the stew. His cameo as a hustling scuzzball is the film's most memorable performance.
A solidly constructed thriller that recalls the paranoid conspiracies of the 1970s.
State of Play is a red-herring-filled political and corporate thriller that romanticizes reporters and idealizes newspapers, while being about neither of those things.
This adaptation of the six-hour BBC series packs plenty of plot -- and talk and characters -- into two hours. And while often rich, it doesn't reach its full potential.
Though solidly plotted and executed all around, the film feels like a quaint relic from another era, aping the form of journalistic thrillers like All The President's Men while missing much of their urgency.
There hasn't been a really good journalistic investigative thriller in a long while and "State of Play" may, ironically, be its death knell...Crowe is just tremendously appealing...
serviceable entertainment that never makes a strong cinematic statement
Instead of luring us down an ever-darker and twistier path, it strands us in a tedious and ill-designed maze.
Washington newspaper reporters dig into a conspiracy involving U.S. Congressmen. Hard-working cast helps flesh out an overly complicated plot.
Becomes too cute by a half and too convoluted by a whole, ultimately relying on a seemingly never-ending string of climactic plot twists and tacked-on revelations to ride the proceedings out.
An old fashioned, professionally executed thriller.
An unrepentantly mature suspense flick; there're no jokes, no breasts and no explosions. Even as the secrets spill out, the sense is of a world compressing, not unraveling.
State of Play works better as this week's elegy for newspapers -- it's pulpy, it's reasonably well-written (punched up by Tony Gilroy), and briskly directed.
You've seen it all before, including the paunch Russell Crowe sported in Body of Lies, but with one exception: One intrepid reporter here is a blogger.
Crowe turns in a strong performance as the conflicted McAffrey. McAdams is equally convincing as Frye, who gets a quick education in journalistic basics.
It's a smart, edge-of-your-seat thriller that doesn't just tap into the zeitgeist but hooks up a keg funnel.
"State of Play" turns in stellar performances, a winding plot and intriguing characters that make it an exhilarating thriller.
Its depiction of a newsroom is so realistic you'll be surprised to learn the scenes were filmed on a set.
A smart, ingenious thriller set in the halls of Congress and the city room of a newspaper not unlike the Washington Post.
State of Play is a rare exception to the rule that thrillers are only as good as their twists: it's good almost in spite of its sometimes obvious plot machinations.
A movie that's no classic but is still engrossing and enjoyable.
Solid political thriller follows all the precedents of a typical journalist-led whodunit. But with strong performances and a tight script, it still works.
A study of political power plays, calamitous sexual impulses, and the twilight of newspaper journalism, State of Play is riveting, sublimely acted, and sincerely intelligent...at times.
Finally: A cops-and-reporters thriller that actually feels up to date.
Emulates only the best in paranoid political mysteries, both vintage and current.
State of Play starts out like an All the President's Men wannabe, but the story eventually begins very cleverly twisting upon itself in a way that never feels like a cheat or an insult to the audience's intelligence.
Provides hearty cinematic entertainment. From the opening heart thumping sequence, the tension builds and almost never lets up, save for the weak closing.
A brisk and well-acted political thriller about power, friendship, murder, and greed.
Crackles with suspense and fires on all creative cylinders. Every single one.
The resulting tale unfolds with an urgency and sense of verisimilitude that will keep most viewers intrigued and involved without losing many along the way.
Standard political thriller with tense direction. Long weave-haired Charles Laughton does a serviceable job.
[An] excitingly twisty and topical new politics-and-media conspiracy thriller.
As dense as a Watergate era newspaper and as immediate as a blog, State of Play is an absolutely riveting state-of-the-art "big conspiracy" thriller.
State of Play, based on the outstanding British television series, is a first-rate political thriller, but it's also something more.
If instances of dishonesty, cover-ups and heroic loners seem at all surprising, then you haven't watched TV in the past 30 years -- or the BBC series where State of Play originated.
State of Play is the latest incoherently written, mass-entertainment gibberish by the overrated Tony Gilroy.
It is Mr. Crowe who lends State of Play a sense of perpetual urgency as he traverses the corridors of power in search of massive wrongdoing at the risk of his own life.
A capable, intelligent, compelling thriller, but it seems possible that [Crowe and Affleck's] shared scenes were shot at different times and digitally composited together.
Tends to get bogged down in an over-abundance of characters and plot developments but does produce enough twists that you never feel cheated by the outcome.
An effectively involving journalism-cum-conspiracy yarn with a bang-bang opening and a frantic closer.
Despite the quaint depiction of a packed newsroom bustling with activity, the debates about quick online hits vs. hard-hitting investigations, between selling papers with fluff vs. offering actual substance, feel relevant and real.
State of Play succeeds by establishing a brisk tone early on and sticking by it, sweeping the audience along whether they like it or not.
Guilty pleasure alert!
There is nothing we haven't seen here before in terms of chases, intrigue and betrayals, so for all its A-list cast and production values, the film comes off as routine.
It's rare that a big-ticket thriller gets it so right.
This efficient, admirably coherent thriller about reporters digging down to where politics and murder meet in Washington, D.C., has a wistful air about it as regards the fourth estate at a time when the profession is dangling by a thread.
A reasonably suspenseful thriller that may require a second viewing to iron out the complex plot.
Achieves suitably swift momentum, the twists and turns coming fast enough to keep one distracted from the obvious, telegraphed denouement lying in wait.
Laced with telegraphed character development, ghost-in-the-machine plot points, and preachy commentary, "State of Play" is a pedantic thriller caught in its own obvious clockwork.
It's like a time bomb that's never dismantled but never explodes. The movie is good enough that the ending leaves you ... not angry, exactly. Unfulfilled.
Director Kevin Macdonald can't begin to approach the paranoid genre mastery seen in the films of John Frankenheimer and Alan Pakula.
This well acted, mostly engaging politico-journo thriller is in the vein of 70s character-driven tales (Pakula, Pollack) the filmmakers admire and try to emulate with varying degrees of success, a possible result of three scribes with different approaches
State of Play has tricks up its sleeve to go with the weighty ideas that will stick with you. It's the year's best thriller so far.


@highlight

A taut, well-acted political thriller, State of Play overcomes some unsubtle plot twists with an intelligent script and swift direction.