It's a small movie with a big message and even if the big bad itself is not scary, it's the unseen creature that is eating away the love between a mother and a daughter that offers the strongest frights.
The Monster lacks bite in the actual horror department, but like many other good horror films before it (Rosemary's Baby, The Shining), it plays with the anxiety of this very primal fear-the betrayal of the mother.
A creature feature is only as good as its monster and Bertino's film delivers on that.
An exceptional lead performance from Zoe Kazan makes the film stand out from the crowd.
Strong acting, ambitious themes and a limp final act make for one frustrating horror film experience.
It fails to generate anything resembling scares or suspense here, and the fault rests almost entirely with the script.
We're coming up to the end of a year full of great horror movies. "The Monster" may have more modest goals than some of the others, but it deserves a place on that list.
The Monster feels like a film reaching desperately for profundity and missing by a country mile. The Witch this is not. It's just another arthouse horror film broken down on the side of the road.
It doesn't take a lot of money to make a great horror movie. All it takes is the kind of understanding that The Monster possesses in spades.
Bertino's film is a great setup but one which doesn't move forward from that setup in interesting ways.
It's as flawless a horror film -- and specifically a monster movie -- you're likely to find in this or any other year.
There's no doubt that with The Monster, Bertino has confidently reestablished himself as a master of intimate horror.
The Monster really is a well-calibrated, nicely-balanced film that juggles scares and drama in equal measure.
The Monster represents a nerve-rattling comeback for the genre that should make long drives in the woods a lot more stressful for viewers.
A very heart felt, compelling, and tense monster movie...
The faint mist, the eerie silence, the saturated blacks - so much of this film is reminiscent of the classic monster movies of the '30s and '40s.
A fully realized depiction of elemental fear and desperation, The Monster's modest scale should attract discerning genre fans while establishing a firm basis for potential cult status.
... hints at greater ambition considering genre conventions, but the film's flat characters and predictable twists greatly diminish the suspense.
The central relationship almost turns The Monster into something more thoughtful about the ways we can put differences aside for a greater threat to our safety...
Stranded on a dark, deserted country road, a mother and daughter are stalked by a vicious creature in this well-written and acted horror picture.
A film like Bryan Bertino's The Monster, featuring a fantastic and fearless performance from Zoe Kazan, feels oddly timely.
A stunning performance from Zoe Kazan makes up for an unfortunate lack of scares.
An admirably lean-and-mean execution of an elemental horror story.
Mr. Bertino, who also wrote the undercooked script, sets the scene effectively, using his leads to give the story a sense of normalcy that he dismantles trick by genre trick.
The Monster offers solid performances and a real-world subtext. But those virtues aren't enough to keep the movie from getting stalled in some big bad woods, miles short of profundity.
Not least of the surprises here is that even when "The Monster" is trying to scare you witless, its every scene insistently reaffirms its characters' humanity.
may not completely defy expectations, but it effectively delivers the genre goods while also providing something a bit more reflective
It's a slow effort, painfully so at times, but the reward is a sharp psychological study that ends up being the most interesting conflict in the movie.
The Monster reveals a soft, squishy core that's torn out by Bertino's mongrel villain, exposing a beating heart and plenty of feeling.
A simple but skillfully told shocker.
The film has an eerily WTF arbitrariness that should be the domain of more films in the genre.
Unlike many modern horror films, made using top-down design where theme, metaphor, and meaning come before plot and story, "The Monster" is built from the ground up, starting with the foundation of a woman's fractured relationship with her daughter.
It's an intriguing combination in theory, but the individual elements both feel a little half-baked, and stirring them up into one doesn't help.
A creature feature in which the melodramatic mother-daughter flashbacks are the only bits with bite.
There's little originality scared up by "The Monster," but that doesn't make director Bryan Bertino's horror flick easier to watch through the gaps in your fingers.
As in his first shocker, the sadistic home-invasion film "The Strangers," director Bryan Bertino shows he knows all the usual tricks, without proving he knows how to push beyond them. Yet there's something else at work here.
I must believe Bertino wanted more of a connection between monster and psychology than he's able to clearly communicate onscreen.
I feel pretty confident that fans of The Strangers are going to adore this dramatic gut-punch that's either a work of art, or cheesy bliss (I can't decide).
It's an engaging and worthy watch that teases great potential in everyone involved.
Zoe Kazan delivers a powerhouse performance in this masterful horror film.
It's the relationship between the mother and daughter, fighting their own monsters, which makes the film resonate beyond the frights.
It is an average monster movie but with above average performances by Zoe Kazan and Ella Ballentine, making it a plus in the pantheon of relatively low budget monster movies.
The upcoming "A Monster Calls" may have a higher pedigree, but the rougher and rawer "The Monster" mines similar emotional ground.
This film is an exercise in suspense that does not always work, but still has a few good scares for the audience.

@highlight

The Monster uses its effectively simple setup and a powerful lead performance from Zoe Kazan to deliver a traditional yet subtly subversive -- and thoroughly entertaining -- horror story.