In crafting his own objet d'art, Assayas has paid careful consideration to the fine aesthetic practiced in Taiwan, particularly that of Hou Hsiao-hsie.
Avoiding easy conflict and histrionics, Summer Hours instead shows loving siblings, relatives and friends negotiating differences the best that they can.
Olivier Assayas's new meditation on French domestic life, the wisely ironic Summer Hours, begins with children's games and ends with adolescent partying and pairing off -- that is, the real business of life
( ... ) Summer Hours is Assayas's best film set on home turf-the one that best puts things in perspective and loudly proclaims that one must know how to shed dead skin to go on living.
Has the feel, if not the look, of an old man's film, a meditation on the passing of time.
...leisurely paced but intensely gripping film - which doesn't lend itself to facile capsulization - follows three generations of a French family as they prepare for the imminent death of their matriarch
manages a sense of genuine poignancy that never becomes sticky or sentimental
The film resonates with emotions as authentic as the details. ... And it asks us to ponder what makes the objects in our lives meaningful.
The film and its characters are smart, sincere and fully alive in ways we rarely have the opportunity to see.
... an impressionist work with a wise understanding of human nature and a bittersweet portrait of a family going separate ways...
The [movie's] concern might feel a little old-fashioned ... but in this film it's reasonably, solemnly, and levelheadedly expressed.
A subtle, flawlessly acted, keenly observed family drama and poignant meditation on memory, identity, and history in the age of postmodernism and globalization.
A well-constructed film about the end of a life and uncertainty about the future.
Surprisingly wonderful, as if Assayas finally found a space in which to stretch out.
The sheer banality of the proceedings -- appraisals! attorneys! -- threatens to rob those few poignant moments of their own dramatic value.
Assayas' script is more allusive than demonstrative, with a distinct whiff of Eric Rohmer in its conversational blocks separated by fadeouts.
Supposedly a meditation on globalization and family ties, but to this reviewer it is much more of a French art movie version of Antique Roadshow.
A lament for the lost luxuries of time and space.
Intense yet airy
n Summer Hours, Olivier Assayas's gently provocative rumination on family and possessions, a trio of siblings wrestles with the problem of what to do with the old homestead once Mother is gone.
A subdued, chatty and poignant family drama.
Offers the sense that what is now being dismantled was itself the result of people who in their own way had rejected an earlier past.
A keenly observed, typically high-quality family drama of the sort only the French seem capable of making anymore.
The acting is superb and the cinematography is top drawer. French films are not shy about tackling real-life issues in a meaningful way
It's not sentimental. Yet it's devastating.
Parts of Summer Hours feel very much like real life, which is both the film's strength and its ultimate weakness.
Summer Hours is undeniably in touch with the way we live, eminently respectable, and a tad forced.
Echoes of so many other great Binoche movies: The haunted quality of Blue, the meditative tone of Flight of the Red Balloon, even the celebratory mood of Dan in Real Life.
Summer Hours is a slow, beautifully photographed film about what we value -- in the emotional and material realms.
Evocative look at a family trying to decide what to do with its treasures.
Where a Hollywood film of a family feuding over a fabulous estate would surely end with a slapped face and an infantry charge of lawyers, Assayas's work concludes with a smile and a shrug. Life goes on. What else can it do?
Performances in this small and profoundly eloquent film are superb, yet none redirects attention from Assayas's earnest meditation on the ravaging effects of a shrinking world on family traditions and entrenched personal relationships.
Bound up in this haunting, moving meditation on a family in transition are implicit questions about globalization and the relationship of art, life and culture, the past and the future.
Deeply moving in its subtle journey through regrets, memories, and the profound affection that inanimate objects can inspire in us...
As delicate, even effervescent, as any story about the dissolution of family ties could possibly be.
This is a movie that, for all its once-over-lightliness, stays with one. Given what it's about, and the intelligence of its makers, how could it not?
While the ideas are worth considering, director Olivier Assayas moves the story at an escargot's pace, and the characters are gossamer thin.
Thoughtful and evocative.
Assayas has made a masterpiece with the restrained strokes of a contemplative and intelligent artist.
Summer Hours begins with an energetic treasure hunt. It ends reminding us how our lives are spent learning and unlearning what is to be treasured.
Bittersweet, quietly poignant and emotionally resonant but without tears, it's a film about art that becomes a work of art itself.
I think you should see Summer Hours.
This is a well constructed, tender, authentic story.
You won't find filmmaking more assured, commanding and evocative than that of Summer Hours in its opening scenes.
A sweet pearl of a French film, Summer Hours may work as a perfect antidote for those seeking refuge from the summer blockbuster season.
The texture and flow of Summer Hours, the supple quality of the acting, the fluid camerawork isolating this or that observer while life flows on and domestic crises ebb and flow -- it all comes together as formidably detailed and easy-breathing cra
If this enjoyable film is substantially more satisfying than those predecessors, it's also far less daring, a straightforward extended-family drama in the mode of last year's (more engrossing) art-house highlight A Christmas Tale.
It is certainly a success, thanks in large part to the lovely performances from the three leads.
Quietly and keenly observed.
Berling, Binoche and Renier all play off each other effortlessly, and Summer Hours makes you feel comfortable spending time with their family, too.
One realizes the real dramatic conflict is between the past, which must be honored, and the present, which must be lived.
The actors all find the correct notes. It is a French film, and so they are allowed to be adult and intelligent.
It's a quiet but heartfelt film that has a lot to say about the allure of the past and the inevitability of change.
There is an exquisite, almost longing ebullience to Summer Hours that lasted long after I left the movie theater, many of its themes whipping through my head like a whirlwind.
In the end, Assayas, shooting the film with relaxed, flowing camera movements, gives his love not to beautiful objects but to the disorderly life out of which art is made.
It's a lovely meditation on how objects carry history, reflect our decaying bones, and sometimes outlive us, and it's a nice change of pace for Olivier Assayas.
Has exquisite cinematography and an initially intriguing plot, but that doesn't compensate for its bland and meandering screenplay that lacks palpable dramatic tension and fails to bring any of its characters to life.
Beautifully photographed by Eric Gautier who captures the joy of life's fleeting moments as if ready for one those new revolving image frames.
Even for a French drama, Summer Hours is so slow as to be practically still.
This exquisitely subtle family drama finds writer-director Olivier Assayas in a deeply contemplative mood.
The magic of Summer Hours is that even in its elusiveness, it gives us something to hang onto.
It's all very civil and inexorable--unlike a stateside version; we know there will be no last-minute car wash or concert fundraiser to save the estate.
One of my favorites of the year is this wonderful French family ensemble film ...
Summer Hours, in spite of its potentially dowdy subject matter, is packed nearly to bursting with rich meaning and deep implication.
Filmmakers rarely capture the passage of time as elegantly and powerfully as Assayas does here, and his achievement is all the more pleasurable because it's so unassuming.
A perfectly, magnificently sad film that dwells on the ravages of time while simultaneously celebrating rebirth.
Lots of films are called haunting, Summer Hours truly is.
Una serena y quizás dolorosa reflexión sobre el paso del tiempo, los vínculos familiares, los recuerdos y la inexorabilidad de la muerte.
As dramatically uneventful as these passages are, there's a kind of beautiful truth in them.
This bittersweet meditation on familial bonds, the passage of youth and the merits of tradition is deeply nuanced and strikes just the right emotional notes.
Summer Hours drags in the middle, but its final scene is almost overpoweringly tender and beautiful, offering a hopeful rejoinder to all the prior scenes of family members shedding their shared legacy.
Assayas' film has more than a few lofty questions concerning art, nostalgia, and the national culture but he understands that ultimately history and culture are far more personal than one can imagine
Summer Hours, director Olivier Assayas' tender, sun-kissed, Chekhovian drama, brims with life and loveliness even as it meditates on the loss of childhood.
As brightly alive a movie as the season will offer.
For André Téchiné and Patrice Chéreau, who have specialized in probing/expansive family melodramas, Summer Hours would be a trifle. For Olivier Assayas, it's almost a masterpiece.
Too chatty to be ascetic, Summer Hours is nevertheless almost Ozu-like in its evocation of a parent's death and the dissolving bond between the surviving children.
Hats off to Olivier Assayas's plain yet hauntingly beautiful Summer Hours, a true -- albeit nonsecular -- meditation on art and eternal life.
...an astute study of intra sibling relationships magnified by inheritance issues and the globalization of modern life.
The last thing I expected from the mad genius behind Boarding Gate is a Chekhovian chamber drama whose mantra could be essentially reduced to: posterity cares.
A brilliantly acted and bittersweet Chekhovian drama about family, art, memory, globalization and impermanence.
Anyone who discovers more to this movie than 'much talk and little action' will develop a rapport with the characters. They are reflections of us, and therein lies their ability to compel attention.
Assayas presents a contemplative etude on the passage of time and the markings of material and spiritual loss.
Carefully directed generational drama with deep emotional undercurrents.
A beautifully understated movie about family ties and the sadness and nostalgia that objects can evoke.
This is a mature film by an accomplished director.
Summer Hours is a delicate, provocative film, and for those of us thinking about what we leave the next generation, a timely one.
Summer Hours meanders along as a restrained mood piece, and is quite good and moving in parts, but it's just plain flat in others.
Summer Hours examines sentiment and attachment, but it is an unsentimental work, a film that lets some secrets remain undisturbed and does not insist on confrontation.
Maybe this beautiful film will be too slight for many, but it's certainly one of the better French films of the last year.
A fractured, ultra-naturalistic and detached examination of the significance of memory and the value of objects, explored through the story of three siblings dealing with their mother's death
The cast is outstanding; the three siblings, played by Berling, Binoche and Renier, deliver an ensemble performance of great complexity, yet with clearly defined characters.
I loved every minute involving Isabelle Sadoyan's ...loïse, the old housekeeper, who understands that a vase, irrespective of how beautiful or valuable, is nothing without the flowers that make it a work of art
Introduces everyday characters, presents them with a set of everyday concerns and lends the decisions they make a gravitas that even they don't quite understand.
A quietly observed Chekhovian drama about the effects of globalization on a French family.
Assayas expresses the melancholy of childhood's ultimate end as well as globalization's reconfiguration of traditional notions of self, family and history.
Exploring the different facets of an extended family's inheritance, Olivier Assayas' film is beautifully observed and finely nuanced - but its relative slightness suggests that less need not always end up being more.










@highlight

Olivier Assayas' contemplative family drama handles lofty ideas about art and culture with elegance and lightness.