Still, the movie is so denuded of insight and incident it ends up more cartoonish than the comic book that spawned it.
The second half, after Arterton has embarked on an affair with the son of a local landowner, does slightly disappoint, hampered by a story that doesn't quite make sense and by parallels to Flaubert that many won't get.
Is art imitating life? Is life imitating art? Martin pretends to consider such lofty questions but really he's considering Gemma's ripe figure, which she's clearly enjoying as well. So are we.
Ultimately, the movie turns out to be nothing more than a clumsy shaggy dog story - a wink and a nudge delivered with all the subtlety of a sledgehammer to the eye.
A modern day comedy that parodies in an obvious and kinda sloppy way the literary classic Madame Bovary. [Full review in Spanish]
A wickedly droll film that saunters towards its Flaubertesque end with a strangely carefree but knowing vibe.
From Anne Fontaine, writer/director of Coco Before Chanel, comes this lighthearted and lusty modern-day interpretation of Posy Simmonds' graphic novel based on Gustave Flaubert's 19th century novel, Madame Bovary.
Gemma Bovery proves that just because you know a story, maybe even how it ends, that doesn't mean it is not worth hearing from the mouth of a new teller.
A heavily eroticised Arterton enlivens the lumpy Franglais dialogue and Luchini wrings laughs from the unlovely vantage of voyeuristic saddo. But that's not enough to hold the film together, or, indeed, the viewer's interest.
Fontaine's film isn't as slyly satirical as Simmonds' original, but her rural locations and leading lady are equally ravishing, and the frisky rapport between Arterton and Lucchini is a joy.
Gemma Bovery is a mashup of Flaubert and a tired, outdated sex farce.
It's elevated by its expert cast and by lovely photography that helps the viewer appreciate the lure of Normandy as well as the allure of the Gemmas (Bovery and Arterton).
Fontaine - opting for a less smugly satirical take on Simmonds's work than Frears - draws us into the fantasy world before chipping away at it to reveal something more melancholic.
After a promising and lighthearted start the picture becomes meandering and dreary, with little reason for us to be interested in or care about these characters despite the many lingering close-ups of Arterton.
Arterton has flirty fun with the title role, and her scenes with Luchini boast a satirical crackle that's missing elsewhere.
Poor Arterton. She's genuinely gifted, but comes across as a lightweight.
Fontaine's picture is fatally underwrought, with Arterton unable to invest in her character any quality that makes us care about her even a fraction as much as the men bewitched by her.
Only men of a certain age are likely to get a rise out of this.
The filmmakers take great pleasure in highlighting the cultural differences between the British and the French in every area from gastronomy to lovemaking.
While the events aren't particularly funny or dramatic, the characters are engaging.
What a piece of petit bourgeois mediocrity it is.
The refashioning of classics can work well in some instances, but this instance is not one of those.
It's silly but enjoyable - and Luchini is, as ever, very elegant.
A sly, smart, funny romp that sends up story-lovers who look at people and see characters.
While the Norman vistas are glorious, the storytelling lacks wit and charm.
Arterton may never entirely shrug off her air of head girl, but she does loosen up a smidgen here, and it's fun to see.
Revels in the meta approach, as art imitates life, imitating art. Or something like that.
The tone is uneven, creaking between uproarious comedy bonking and serious(ish) drama.
A light and fluffy lampooning of both the middle classes and the male gaze, featuring a great performance from the ever-charming Gemma Arterton in the title role.
Supporting characters are so undeveloped that the baked goods have more personality.
The movie does get to its point eventually, although it arrives at the climax.
Fontaine, who started out with dark psychological dramas, might have considered making Gemma Bovery a comedy. Its obtuse narrative structure is close to one already.
A film that could only be made in a country where literature is widely consumed and considered worthy of one's time, this is an entertaining, smart film with strong performances.
Gemma Bovery ought to be much cleverer than it is.
One wishes these modernized spins might include less leering at their heroine's rack.
It's very meta and only mildly interesting. The actors are attractive, the countryside moreso. The plot is silly and threadbare; when tragedy does strike, it has about as much impact as a summer shower.
If the film moved along quicker and found a better mix of irony and sadness, it would have been a charming treat. But all the ingredients fail to make a tasty pain au chocolat.
Director Anne Fontaine eroticizes her porcelain-skinned star but also adds some subversively feminist flourishes.
I enjoyed spending time in the French countryside.
A good inside joke...Its ace in the hole is Luchini.
Like Chabrol, Fontaine has a way of making you laugh, on an off, for 90 minutes, before leaving you feeling a little queasy from too much truth.
A glib, smirking take on Flaubert's tragic novel Madame Bovary.
A nice little gem for anyone intrigued by the concept of having fun with a giant of 19th century literature.
The novel, of course, is one of the towering achievements in literature, and this trivial movie has no idea what to do with it.
Sensual and satirical, making your mouth water for - fresh, flaky croissants...
How is it possible that such blatant male wish fulfillment came from a female director and a graphic novel by a woman, writer-artist Posy Simmonds?
The latest fashioning of the almost 160-year-old narrative is lighthearted, as befitting its comic take on the tragic story, but also light on depth.
The script flattens the main characters and makes one nostalgic for Flaubert's observational acumen.
Even if you're able to suspend your disbelief, eventually the narrative coincidences start to drive the story more than the characters.
After a while, the film feels more like a cute conceit that hasn't really been developed further. It's intriguing, and very well-acted, but empty.
Underscores the notion that what we're watching isn't merely the life of a complicated woman, but rather the actions and choices of that woman as seen through a man's eyes and a man's judgment.
"Gemma Bovery" is all construction and snooty winks, no emotion. We really don't care what happens to Gemma or anybody else ...
The feature manages to tackle grim events with a certain lightness, while paying tribute to Flaubert's work in a most unusual manner.
Think of "Gemma Bovery" as an airy puff pastry, dripping with honey.
Fans of "Madame Bovary" might enjoy the chance to nod knowingly at references to the novel, but that's not enough to sustain a feature ...
Christophe Beaucarne shoots the countryside, the baked goods, Gemma and Martin's playful dogs, and of course Arterton with sun-dappled rapture. No 19th-century novelist saw the world like this.
A frustrating experience in hindsight.
The whole contrivance falls flat in the end.
Laden with witty ironies, the film by Anne Fontaine suggests men may not play exactly the roles they think they do in women's lives.
Arterton proves again that she has starrier magnetism in movies that slow down enough to appreciate it, even if she winds up as much a symbol as her own person.
The scenery's lovely and the bread-kneading surprisingly erotic.
Though director Anne Fontaine's French-language production is essentially a one-note conceit, it's able to coast on its charm, overcoming its almost total lack of a second act and other story deficiencies.
A somewhat reserved but sensual and gratifying movie that finds and polishes connections between literature and the screen while further catapulting the wonderful British actress Gemma Arterton several notches up the ladder toward international stardom.
Literary obsession proves to be a weak spine for this wry French drama.
Alternating farce with drama, Fontaine never makes it clear what sort of film she's making, mostly settling for a tone best described as "nearly droll."
Anne Fontaine scores nicely with this piquant confection, with a deep curtsey to Flaubert.
The film dabbles in the French romantic-comedy tradition and simultaneously spoofs it, committing to neither.
A fun, dark and sexily modern riff on "Madame Bovary," with Arterton shining in a role she was born -- or at least named -- to play.
Captivating at every turn, the intriguing idea of life imitating art is beautifully realised in this charming fable in which Flaubert's masterpiece Madame Bovary is the driving force
Anne Fontaine's Flaubert-inspired meta-pleasure Gemma Bovery takes as its subject the act of watching the lives around us - and of wishing those lives were literature.
A strangely dull and dated affair, sugar coated by the beauty of the landscape and the beauty of Gemma Arterton.
We are offered a handful of sketchy observations on the extent to which art either does or does not mimic life. These are, at best, unchallenging, and would have drawn barks of laughter from the derisive Flaubert.
Viewers lured into seeking hidden significance in Gemma Bovery may themselves be the butt of the joke.
Fabrice Luchini is the principal reason to see this delightful serio-comic reimagining of Flaubert's classic "Madame Bovary."
A witty French film with some enchanting fireworks between the characters.
A fanciful fable feminizing Flaubert. Along with a provincial bakery giving rise to exploration of the sensuous connection between flour and flesh, with wine the local anti-depressant. And no less than four doting males crowding a single love triangle.
This is the first Fontaine movie I've seen that qualifies as lightweight.
Arterton is captivating as Gemma, but Luchini steals the film as the magnifique Joubert, his lust for Gemma often rendered innocent (or impotent) by his wonderful, Buster Keaton-esque deadpan face.
A transmogrified Flaubert, recast, upturned and rich with observational and satirical contemporary details.
Thanks to actor Fabrice Luchini's befuddled sweetness in every moment, Fontaine and her entire cast create more comic moments than tragic ones, which make the exercise feel surprisingly fun.
A tad too slapstick and not nearly modern enough in its social sensibilities to offer a truly updated version of Madame Bovary, Gemma Bovery still has its charms ...
I hated almost every second of it.
It benefits from Arterton's genuine sex appeal, which is delightfully balanced by Fabrice Luchini as her neighbour obsessed with the novel and who sees worrying links between her and the fictional heroine.
There is an updated story of "Madame Bovary" to be made, one where perhaps the protagonist has a bit more agency and self-awareness than she is presented with in this incarnation.
As pure entertainment it certainly does the job, although much of the text's existential weight is lost in the process.

@highlight

Gemma Bovery 's bursts of charm -- among them Gemma Arterton's winsome performance in the title role -- are often enough to compensate for its lack of focus.