At the very least, it will have you feeling all gooey and nostalgic about a time you may not have been around for.
It is a great cast and the perfect one for a group of oddballs such as this. If only the script had been able to match the caliber of the acting, there might have been a really special film here.
thinly drawn plot, thinner characters
Comedy flounders in a sea of mediocrity.
No morals, no shame and good music; who wouldn't want to climb aboard Radio Rock?
Curtis has a knack for drawing credible names to his projects, and with this ensemble of talented character actors all playing to their strengths, The Boat That Rocked proves to be an entertaining, if not restless rock 'n' roll romp on the high seas.
... a perfectly enjoyable comedy that never strays beyond its playlist of colorful personalities and comic antics.
The movie's far more about the camaraderie between the DJs and the love of music that's shared between them and their listeners than it is about their struggle to stay on the air.
Curtis' crew, although piloting a fairly flimsy vessel, plot-wise, sure knows how to have fun, armed as they are with one of the most memorable classic-rock sound tracks this side of Forrest Gump.
the sort of ensemble comedy in which each member of the ensemble tends toward one-dimensionality but it's mostly OK because there are so many members, and they're all so talented.
Overstates the Establishment-vs.-youth culture impact of Britain's real-life offshore radio stations...
Fun, fun, fun until the Prime Minister takes the T-Bird away.
It seems like an unstoppable premise, and yet Curtis's film feels strangely anchored in the port: lots of activity on board but no forward motion.
The end credits display a wide array of classic album covers -- from Bob Dylan to U2, The Clash to Tom Waits. That reveals what's at the movie's heart: A love for rock 'n' roll.
Ensembles are tough, but I now feel safer in Richard Kurtis' hands than any other director, especially when he brings along a pile of British talent.
Curtis's movie is loosely based on the historical truths of the time, but it isn't meant as a documentary, a rockumentary, or even a docucomedy. It's just a hell of a lot of fun.
The film's a lot like a good rock song: not overly deep, but a lot of fun and you can dance to it.
Pirate Radio misses cues but doesn't run completely aground.
... [it] will have you humming along and leave you with a big smile, something that can be said of few movies this year.
Pirate Radio leaves out any mention of the usual historical and cultural background, say, sex as a potential means of mixing races and classes.
Grudgingly irresistible
I fell in love with it and have yet to fall out of love with it. I don't expect I shall. This is a movie I suspect I will only come to treasure more with the passage of time.
A movie filled with characters has wonderful potential. It's just that 'Pirate Radio' has no character development.
The nostalgia Sixties rock music is lovely, however ... .
to the beat of soundtrack that proves the point of why this music was feared and adored, it revels in the giddy delight of a time when all the old rules were questioned, if not thrown out
It just sits there in the water.
Any serious music fan -- that is anyone who sees the radio pirates as kindred spirits -- will be outraged by its sloppy approach to the history of rock and roll.
Vastly entertaining and a fascinating part of music history.
The Kinks, Turtles and Martha and the Vandellas would have you dancing in the aisle, but then you might miss this most unusual show.
This Rock 'n' Roll love letter comes across as an overlong, jumbled mess of a film that has trouble finding both its voice and its focus.
Winning, witty, and wearing out its welcome toward the end, Pirate Radio is either a noble failure or the slightest of successes.
The music rocks, this movie doesn't. Never rises above the sitcom level complete with stock characters you might have seen on shows like WKRP. Too bad, because the classic pop tunes used in the film are among my very favorites. Paul Chambers, CNN.
I liked this version so much, I really want to see the longer The Boat That Rocked version. I guess on DVD.
A raucous and robust comedy about a rebellious band of deejays whose love for rock-n-roll spurs them to defy the British government in the late 1960s.
Though the sum isn't quite as good as the parts, the film does succeed due to its phenomenal cast, which consists of some of the best British actors working today. Philip Seymour Hoffman gives one of his most entertaining performances.
A bloody perfect comedy, a rollicking rock 'n' roll farce brimming with raunchy humor and characters who will charm your socks off.
Consistently and delightfully entertaining ... If the movie has a downside, it's that its great music from the 1960s sometimes outshines the narrative.
Forty years ago, they couldn't get these songs on the radio; now we can't get them off.
Richard Curtis's comedy is anchored only in exuberance, but that's more than you can say for most movies these days; it keeps you beaming with pleasure.
This is a film which does not take itself seriously and sends up everything from A Perfect Storm to Spartacus to Titanic as well as every teenage music flick you've ever seen.
Pirate Radio, the new rock-saturated comedy that proves life really is better when it's set to a '60s soundtrack, is, to borrow from the Stones, "a gas! gas! gas!"
As it is, it's an okay time-waster at best, one that will leave some catchy music stuck in your head.
Rock-filled ensemble comedy inspired by the rogue broadcasts of rock hits from North Sea ships in the '60s runs seriously aground from so much lightweight cargo and an apocalyptic ending pirated from action-adventure.
Pirate Radio is a bit of a mess. But an amiable mess nonetheless, with the boys' casual chemistry and the music carrying things along, it's not that hard to watch and it's great to listen to.
A hodgepodge of half-baked characters and story ideas, stoked by a frantic climax and a blue-chip playlist of 1966 rock classics.
Boys will be boys and often at top volume in Pirate Radio, Richard Curtis's fanciful fiction about rebel broadcasters.
This blast of Sixties nostalgia, derived from the days when pirate radio ships broadcast off the coast of Britain with a motley crew of dee-jays, should appeal to ageing music freaks and fans of Brit-pop.
The story has structural problems that no amount of editing could finesse, and in the end they capsize the picture.
...an amiable mess of a period piece about an interesting time in British pop music history
Several films in one without fully developing any of them, Pirate Radio is one of those movies that tries to do too much at once and yet often feels like it's doing nothing at all.
What's not to like? It's Animal House on water, with Branagh playing Dean Wormer.
Alive with the full-bodied embrace of anarchy
[A] bright joy-bomb that explodes in every direction with rock classics used in surprisingly direct and literal ways.
I started glancing at the time well before the midway mark.
If there were awards handed out for the most badly bungled concept, Pirate Radio would have to be very much in contention.
It's all got a great backbeat and you can dance to it, but there isn't much to Curtis's rebels except some canned anti-authoritarian, sex-drugs-rock 'n' roll rants.
It takes 15 minutes for Pirate Radio to run out of steam, and that leaves two more hours of aimless goofing.
Phony yet fun, thanks mostly to a marvelous soundtrack.
The film's original title was The Boat That Rocked. Indeed, these freewheeling, swinging '60s DJs braved their own Titanic to keep on rocking in the free world.
Practical jokes, general buffoonery and sexual misadventures abound, and a sentimental "who's your daddy" subplot involving Carl barely registers amidst the guffaws. War? Recession? Unemployment? Forget all that in this buoyant flick.
Perfectly harmless fun ... the unwieldy number of characters keeps it from ever being something more than a movie for 40-something women looking to relive their teeny bopper years.
There is a great movie to be made from this particular subject--something along the lines of such cult favorites as "American Hot Wax" and "24 Hour Party People"--but alas, "Pirate Radio" is not that movie.
The ensemble chemistry pays off in fits and starts, but their casual cruelty to each other is a needless turn-off. Comedy doesn't work when it's tone-deaf.
A tad oversimplified and not very deep -- but then, you could say the same thing about a lot of really good rock tunes. The important thing is that it's also a lot of fun.
To paraphrase Keith Reid, Pirate Radio does skip the light fandango; it does do cartwheels across the floor.
A mix-tape of successes and failures, perhaps too light for its subject, but a silly, easy watch.
One of the most charming films of 2009.
Boring, sanitized slobs vs. snobs comedy.
Pirate Radio captures that rebellious, sexy, chaotic era by letting the generation-defining tunes do all the work.
It's silly enough and well acted enough and amusing enough to pass muster, with an absolutely cracking sixties soundtrack.
In its attempt to capture a sense of time and place it does not completely hang together.
A hoot from beginning to end, plus a Valentine to those days when youth thought music could change the world (and it did), expect Pirate Radio to become a minor cult phenomenon when it's released on DVD next year.
Parental Content Review
The film's good-natured rebellion and genuine enthusiasm for the power of rock 'n' roll can be infectious and enjoyable.
Things start sinking by the opening minutes.
No quote available.
The closest the movie comes to a rebellious statement is in naming one of its British government officials "Twatt." Forgive me if I don't want to throw on the Who and start ranting against the Establishment after that bit of scathing criticism.
Inevitably, given this cast, there are a few actorly moments worth savoring, and the clothes some of the characters wear delight. But this is, quite simply, as bad a film as you could ever fear to see.
Curtis takes great joy in huddling an ensemble of misfits together, connecting them loosely and then sitting back and watching them all become a messy family.
The boat nearly sinks from character overload, and Curtis brakes when you most want him to gun it. But there's no denying the comic energy of the cast.
Despite Curtis' bumbling, Pirate Radio manages to stay afloat bravely enough -- at least until the climax, which comes off as a confused marriage between Top of the Pops and Titanic.
This might sound like a sentimental recipe, but Richard Curtis, who wrote and directed, keeps the spirit fresh and anarchic.
Imagine the dullest moments from Almost Famous and the lamest bits from Animal House held together with clumsy Frankenstein stitching. Now punch yourself in the face. There you go.
Lacks the edge it might have had, [but] as a genial, old-fashioned comedy about the spirit of the sixties, it's enjoyable enough.
In just about every respect, Pirate Radio is less than seaworthy.
Pirate Radio takes a great story -- the hugely popular offshore radio stations that illegally broadcast pop and rock in 1960s Britain -- and turns it into an aggressively irritating floating frat-party romp.
It's extremely episodic, and while the individual episodes are often a lot of fun...one walks away with little but classic rock earworms.
It's unfortunate that it feels so repetitive and reminiscent of many a film you'll have seen before -- including several of Curtis's own prior works. But hey, that's the movies. And rock 'n' roll, too.
If rock 'n' roll is about joy and rebellion, then a movie about it should be joyful and rebellious, too. But Pirate Radio is staid and stolid.
One of the few fresh breaths of air out there, cinematically. This well-acted ensemble piece argues in favor of free speech without becoming too heavy-handed and ponderous.
Richard Curtis has made a party, not a movie, and if the party goes on much too long, at least the guests are great company and the host's taste in music is impeccable.
The soundtrack overflows with great rock, and individual scenes and performances click.
A soundtrack in search of a movie ... a bid for nostalgia that comes across as simply tiresome when it isn't outright desperate.
To enjoy Pirate Radio you have to accept its bits-and-pieces format. And you probably will also have always secretly wanted to be a disc jockey as a kid.
Do you like montages, but grow bored with the tedious plot bits in between? Then Pirate Radio is the movie for you.
Pirate Radio is a flawed piece of work, at times utterly paralyzed by muddled whimsy. It'll take some effort from the viewer to sort through this cluttered feature film.
There's more Partridge Family hugginess than sedition and subversion behind this rock 'n' roll story.
The film is a series of episodic scenes which spotlight a host of characters who, without narrative material, become a mere collection of quirks, costumes, and gestures.
Pirate Radio is a ribald, rocking romp. Dramamine not necessary.
Here the plot doesn't require a reason for the characters to keep running into one another; there's nowhere they can hide. No coincidences means more development. And the wall-to-wall '60s rock keeps things bright.
Pirate Radio is a great soundtrack in search of a movie. It never really finds one.
Enjoyable in a lazy way, it feels a bit trifling. Given his apparent passion for the period and the subject, it's disappointing that all Curtis can come up with is this film.
You'll probably leave with a smile on your face, even if you've forgotten everything except that nice feeling by the next day.
The music is great, the comedy provides occasional laughs, and there's nothing fundamentally wrong with the movie. Distilled to its essence, it represents a respectable diversion.
Even as it spirals into disaster-flick absurdity, Pirate Radio isn't trying to cause a big sensation, it's just peddling instant gratification.
A halfhearted collection of scenarios and characters that would be more at home in a sitcom.
A brisk, buoyant ode to the renegade deejays who defied authorities to bring rock radio to the UK in the 1960s.
...there's some great music and a the movie sustains a groovy vibe...
Pirate Radio is going to be the event of the year for guys of indeterminate age (but closer to fifty than to fifteen) who can never get enough Sixties rock 'n' roll at the movies.
Pirate Radio is, in the end, about as rock-revolutionary as a tea break. But the choppy production floats on a great soundtrack (the real pirates are the Rolling Stones) and is buoyed by an inviting cast...
It was cut by over half an hour for American release and still plays long. But thanks to that fairy-dusting of Curtis charm, I wouldn't cut a frame of it. It skips by like a much-loved old LP.
Giggles, not belly laughs, come frequently, and it'll help if viewers love U.K. comics.
Sometimes there's a movie that comes along that shivers your timbres. Pirate Radio is one such delight. It's a treasure trove of rock and roll memories, energy, and infectious spirit. It's as groovy as the 1960s.
Fanciful and free-sprited, it cleverly captures the essence of the Age of Aquarius.
The sex is polite, and there's not a whiff of dope.
light-hearted fun[...]that runs out of steam well before it reaches its destination
Though it gets a bit stuffy belowdecks at times, the soundtrack, and the comedic package of oddball humanity that keeps its vibe going, remain buoyant.
[A] mess of a misbegotten would-be comedy... [T]here's not much story there at all, just some episodic anecdotes better suited to a sitcom...
Writer-director Richard Curtis is about as rock n' roll as the average great-grandmother, so it's no surprise that Pirate Radio, his ode to the irrepressible spirit of '60s classic rock, has all the electricity of a knitted sweater.
In Richard Curtis' structurally messy satire, there's a bit of everything for everybody, but it's the sound track, not the characters or tale, that is most memorable.
An energetic, semi-farcical comedy romp blessed with a great ensemble cast, some gloriously tasteless jokes and a soundtrack of period hits.
At its best, the film has a warm-hearted camaraderie that's contagious, but it's a vision of the '60s that feels like it's been test screened to within an inch of its life, with no rough edges and no real sense of danger.
It's a clever crowd-pleaser. You'll walk away knowing that you'll see it again.
A lot of The Boat That Rocked is fun but it could, and should, have been a great deal more fun than it is.
The film itself is not irritating, although it's so relentlessly cheery that it could have been.
Curtis has failed to give us characters we can really like.
Looking back for a suitably rousing episode from our national past, Curtis has alighted on Dunkirk, a tragedy narrowly averted, which he reprises as mirthless, feelgood farce.
Curtis ambitiously stirs action and tragedy into his usual mix of romance, comedy and politics, but the resulting film is all over the place. It looks and sounds great, but none of the elements come together.
Sensational stuff from one of the best writers of his generation and a film which will appeal to every age.
'The Ship That Sank' would be a more appropriate title for writer-director Richard Curtis's latest and most disappointing entertainment. It's a cripplingly self-conscious and self-satisfied tribute.
A great movie? No. Great entertainment? Not arf!
The rom-com glue that has turned every other Curtis film into box-office gold is absent. This is a listless, sketchy mess.
The movie is boisterous, sentimental and worryingly deficient in laughs for a worryingly large amount of the time.
Well over two hours long, the film outstays its welcome, but it does have some truly magical moments that outshine anything Curtis has done before.
It's a delight to be in the company of this crew, so much so that you'll be tempted to book a roundtrip.
Basically, what starts as a sharp comedy ends up - like most Radio 1 DJs - just going on. And on. And on. And on....
At its best, this is as engaging, funny and warmly moving as Richard Curtis's finest work.
Curtis hangs situation and character comedy on a homage to rock'n'roll. That would be fine if it were funny, but auto-pilot Curtis prevails.
But Curtis tries to juggle too many storylines, giving none of them enough time to develop. A final act swerve into disaster movie territory is also ill-advised. Still, Bill Nighy is superb, here playing Bill Nighy as the station's rakish boss.
The Boat That Rocked is about 40 minutes too long, relies on too many obvious and repetitive gags and tends to sag and loose pace too often for a Richard Curtis film. The good news is that this is no where near as drab or unentertaining as Wimbledon.
The main problem, however, is that it's just not funny or inventive enough, and drifts towards tedium whenever Bill Nighy isn't on screen. If ever a movie needed Hugh Grant to save it, it's this one.
An early contender for not only of the best comedies of the year, but one of the best films of 2009, flag down "The Boat That Rocked" today!
It's a passable, if overlong, piece of fluff. But you'll have completely forgotten about it less than an hour later.
A mix-tape of successes and failures, perhaps too light for its subject, but a silly, easy watch.
An uplifting, frothy, sexy and often funny movie.
A woebegone crew of comedy turns worthy of a bad Carry On film.
For a man who loves the raucous, ebullient pop of the 1960s, Curtis's own output has been terribly, terminally square. This latest is a new low: The Film That Sucked.
It is an immensely likeable affair but it does feel more like a string of amusing anecdotes rather than a film of any substance.
An experience akin to watching Titanic but longer and with fewer jokes.
The soundtrack is the saving grace of a film that doesn't cut it in any other direction and often gets irritatingly full of boyish rudery and sentimentality.
The Boat That Rocked? Not quite. It's more of a mildly exciting wobble.
This is more soundtrack without a story than story accompanied by a soundtrack. At just over two hours long, it's packed with too much of everything.
An embarrassing love letter to pop music and male friendship that is knuckle-gnawing in intensity.
Despite a terrific cast and a cracking '60s soundtrack, this overlong comedy-drama falls painfully flat, thanks to a non-existent plot, some badly judged character moments and a total absence of laughs.
Richard Curtis could have cast a more dyspeptic eye on his pirates and still told a compelling tale. But a love of 60s pop has got the better of him.
Having lived in London when the pirate radio stations flourished in the 60s, I can easily relate to the subject matter, although the treatment is fanciful. But that's OK, we're talking about rock n'roll, sex and youth, and about having fun.
The result is a blast. It's a coming of age story with comic elements as well as a reflection of the mood of a generation that embraced the music as a part of their everyday lives.
The film is far too long, and between the tracks, the episodic adventures of a group of disc jockeys broadcasting rock 'n' roll from a rusty old clunker anchored just beyond the three-mile limit from the British Isles is heavy going.
Lurches and leaks its way through a series of flimsy setpieces before gracelessly coming to a watery grave.
For a script that relies more on character-driven than situational comedy, it's the perfs that count, and these are thankfully strong.

@highlight

The good cast and rollicking soundtrack eventually drown when this comic homage to pirate radio loses its quippy steam.