With Meryl at the center, Ricki's less than crowd-pleasing moments are fairly easy to overlook.
None of this really hangs together. It is almost horrifying to watch someone as statuesque and strident as Streep cringing and mugging her way through a role this pathetic.
It does possess the typical  energy of a Demme film, but everything connecting the  musical numbers is forced and  superficial.
The mighty Meryl is supported by a fine cast (most of whom are onscreen less than they deserve to be). But, despite some resonant moments Ricki and the Flash suffers from scenes that belie believability.
Streep isn't great, relying on a deeper voice than normal and an unsteady rolling gait to underpin her performance, and never coming close to convincing us that she's really worked out the character within.
Written by Diablo Cody and directed by Jonathan Demme, Ricki is a mish-mash of styles and tones that don't really hang together all that well...
Diablo Cody has written a script in which the characters themselves are well-drawn, but there isn't enough time or space on the page to devote fully to each drama that is presented.
What makes Ricki and the Flash Cody's worst misstep so far is that, while it fails to acknowledge the reality of anyone or anything outside of Ricki, it offers very little insight into what makes this woman tick, either.
Do you want to see Ricki and the Flash? Well... why not? At least you get to see Streep playing around in Janis/Patti territory. And you get to hear her sing - which, like everything she does, is carried off with an astonishing expertise.
Ricki & The Flash may entertain people looking for nothing deep, something to pop on the TV in the background, but in terms of serious cinema viewing, the film is a letdown.
Streep makes us care about Ricki even when she's being a stubborn jerk. It's another astonishing performance by her, in a film just good enough to deserve it.
Its twinkly ads take pains to exclude its more compelling thematic elements. But they're there, and worth seeking out through the fog of the other stuff.
Bedecked in black leather jacket, ratty braids and bad tattoos, Meryl Streep is a blast.
Somehow, between its story and character contrivances and its deathless songs, Ricki and the Flash feels like a rehearsal.
The biggest find in the film is Streep's daughter, Gunner, who proves that she is a strong and emotional thespian just like her mother. Watching her emotional rollercoaster is what truly engages us in this film.
Ricki and the Flash proves to slack in the crowd-pleasing entertainment this exciting triumvirate is slumming for.
Like previous Diablo Cody scenarios, this one points to a life message but turns out popcorn, watchable but forgettable once the music stops and lights go up.
Few films so heavy on bickering are quite as strangely relaxing as this deceptively slight gem.
Ricki and the Flash is a nice movie but it's also nothing special.
This is not worth full price at the box office on any level. I can make a slight case to see it when it comes out on On Demand, but it won't be a strong one.
It's an acerbically funny, rousing little tale about rock's dangerous allure and redemptive power.
. . . the Diablo in the details isn't enough to make this disappointingly flabby movie congeal.
The film is full of a lot of scenes that they want to have happen but didn't think of reasons for them to.
Ricki and the Flash is a quieter, better film than it initially appears, but it's uneven, never quite committed to its smarter inclinations.
Dysfunction, grievance, a bit of redemption and plenty of old 1970s rock tunes, played by an accomplished bar band with an aging lead singer.
Meryl Streep is having so much fun playing an ageing rocker that the audience only barely registers that this film isn't nearly as deep as it's pretending to be.
It has a couple of good moments, but it's lack depth and substance. [Full review in Spanish]
A minor comedy that has its charm, specially because of Meryl Streep as a rocker is a sight and the rest of the cast look like they had a great time making it. [Full review in Spanish]
Ricki and The Flas won't go down in history nor will it earn another Oscar to Streep, but it's entertaining and charming. [Full review in Spanish]
A movie with a lot of charm, with a superficial plot that also confirms what we already know: Meryl Streep can make us believe anything. [Full review in Spanish]
An entertaining movie where the family themes are on point. [Full review in Spanish]
With a weird balance between social comentary and family melodrama, Ricki and The Flash is an entertaining film even if its message about maternity is kind of confusing. [Full review in Spanish]
It's interesting to note that the movie doubles down on the rock-band stuff as it progresses, as though director Jonathan Demme became more and more aware of the screenplay's worthlessness.
There's some good stuff here, like the prickly relationships between women at odds with one another, but too much feels too contrived to fully satisfy.
Like Streep's character, Ricki Randazzo, the picture is a bit ramshackle but has bags of unexpected charm and a heart very much in the right place.
Ricki's life may be chaotic but the film hits the high notes when it counts, in rambunctious, crowd-pleasing fashion.
Without Streep at its centre, this might have seemed a flimsy confection. But she plays the rock singer with the utter conviction and fearlessness that she brings to all her roles, however unlikely they seem.
Once you get past all that A-list glitz and heavyweight talent, damn if this shindig isn't lacking something in the lustre department.
Ricki is fun to be around, but like the memory of watching this, she's not the kind that sticks around.
About as original as a covers band.
Kline and ex-rock star Rick Springfield fit in well while Streep convinces as the failed rock star with a heart of gold-plate - tight leather, dumb hair and all.
Meryl Streep lets it all hang out as a barroom rocker with family issues in this slight, enjoyable work-out.
As ever, Streep is impressive, performing all her songs live and showing gruff attitude and a strong finale makes up for some mid-section flab.
As fun as it is to watch Streep take on a grungy rocker persona, the novelty wears off pretty quickly. Fortunately, the ensemble cast hits the right notes.
By the end of the film, you might find yourself wondering if Streep (she plays and sings for real here) really is in a rock n' roll band on the side. Yes, she's that convincing.
While it's patly enjoyable as far as it goes, it might have risked something darker, a proper walk on the wild side.
After Meryl Streep sang her dungarees off in Mamma Mia!, I had great hopes for Ricki and the Flash.
One of those movies that make you feel good. [Full review in Spanish]
No chore, and some fun, in an AOR-ish way.
Mostly it's a nice character study -- albeit one that may have chosen the wrong character to focus on.
While it doesn't quite hit the emotional heights, there's still enough here to enjoy for audiences hoping to weep and/or tap their feet.
The ho-humminess of it all, punctuated by Movie Moments, warbles on. Even goes out like a treacly little jingle, not a burst of raging-'gainst-the-light rock 'n' roll fury, signifying something--hell, anything.
Meryl is a goddess, there are some laughs and the sing-along climax is sweetly joyous.
The struggle for older actresses to reach the largest mainstream markets might explain why more was not be made of Streep's new film.
We have become so conditioned to calling Meryl Streep a great actress that we tend to regard any performance she gives as great. This, of course, is not always the case, as her work in this boring, badly made, wafer-thin, tiresome film attests.
Promises a Meryl Streep Masterpiece but delivers a 2 star cover act instead.
It is another deeply immersive performance from Streep that repeatedly lifts this bittersweet comedy-drama hybrid out of the doldrums.
A movie so bland that made me indiferent to anything that happened on screen. [Full review in Spanish]
Lacks the laughs to be a comedy and is missing the bite to be a strong drama. So why watch this? For Streep, of course.
Likeable and surprisingly low-key.
It could have used a dash of real, ragged rock'n'roll, but Ricki And The Flash remains a big hearted paean to those who live boldly and happily on the margins.
What salvages the movie is the raw honesty of the acting, especially Streep and Gummer (mother-daughter in real life) -- that, and the fact that the music really is pretty cool.
It isn't very funny and its assaults on the tear ducts are ham-handed and, for me at least, missed the mark at almost every turn.
This comic drama wavers uncertainly between domestic angst and rock concertizing; its disparate elements are not only disrupting but disconcerting, diluting its essential humanity and emotional resonance.
Meryl Streep's amazing rock-and-roll performance makes this movie something very special indeed.
There's a level of middling comfort in watching Streep in even the most mediocre film because she brings her best. But we should expect more from Ricki and the Flash, and she deserves better than this out-of-tune snore.
Combines the styles and worldviews of director Demme and screenwriter Cody, in a marriage that's much more successful than you probably imagined.
I like the music, though.
There's an overall lightness to Ricki, and Demme does a great job maintaining it, and also at reining it in. The whole cast hits all the notes, especially Streep.
Wwhen the leading player is Meryl Streep as an ageing rocker, that's more than enough.
One can easily imagine an unbearably smug version of this picture helmed by Cody's usual partner-in-slime Jason Reitman. So it's a good thing for all of us that Jonathan Demme doesn't work that way.
It's Streep who carries this story of regret and redemption by fully inhabiting a character who looks as confident on stage as she does uncomfortable off of it.
One of the best movies of the year, a tribute to the idea that anger and forgiveness aren't mutually exclusive. Indeed, they sometimes go hand in hand.
The movie is mature in the way it handles the regrets of absentee parents and the ways in which their children relate to them. There's a little Hollywood artifice here but not so much that the emotions feel inauthentic.
Meryl Streep did not miss her calling as a rock star, but the chemistry with her daughter Mamie Gummer makes this flick a winner.
A middling seriocomedy that works better when its emotions are raw than when its scenarios are rigged.
Ricki and the Flash is deeper than it looks, but still delivers with some comedic moments and that feel-good ending... unlike many movies, Ricki earns its feel-good ending.
Meryl Streep is a hell of a rock singer and in a great band. What she isn't in is a great movie.
The movie may not be great, or even memorable, but I had a good time watching it... and that is no small compliment.
Streep's latest mom role, as Ricki Rendazzo in Ricki and the Flash, has a light, Mamma Mia! vibe, but it still hits all those hot buttons.
Ricki and the Flash is a half-baked comedy/drama, but the cast (including Meryl Streep's aging rocker) makes it a charming one.
Despite Streep's best efforts, Ricki seems more of a contrivance than a flesh-and-blood character.
Just like when a bar band plays a sweaty, messy cover of a great song, the movie's incredible and almost endless flaws can't get in the way of the true emotion at the core.
The film, which Diablo Cody wrote and Jonathan Demme directed, is a work of bulk-size bogusness. Barely a single scene is convincing.
Even if it's a B-side, Ricki and the Flash will be worth seeing for Meryl Streep fans, music fans and, especially, anyone who's ever spent time in a working-class band. Sometimes it's the deep cuts you remember the best.
After all this time, it's a pleasure to watch Meryl Streep sweat.
It's deeply hokey but entirely earnest.
Just when the story beats start to feel unbearably obvious, the film changes keys, becoming less family dramedy than a concert film.
[Its marketing] undersells the sometimes astringent emotional journey of the movie, not to mention its abiding empathy.
Streep and Springfield make a surprisingly sweet pair of retirement-age rockers, but the scattered story line keeps losing the beat.
In short, she's someone you want to party with, and this big-hearted movie encourages you to keep up with her.
For all its flaws, this is the best vehicle Streep has had in years.
See it with your girlfriends, and leave your husbands at home.
Pete's snow white standard poodle is a delight, and should have had a more prominent role.
The skilled veteran Demme alternates dysfunctional family confrontations with easy comedy, expertly peppering in just the right rock tunes along the way. It's hard not to like Ricki, but the film makes no excuses for her actions.
Execution in art is everything -- which is why it's possible for director Jonathan Demme, writer Diablo Cody and a great group of actors to take a familiar concept and make it seem fresh and frisky.
"Ricki and the Flash" is an uninspired story from an Oscar-winning screenwriter who used her influence to tell an inspired-by story about her no-name mother-in-law rather than a real unknown musician who deserved it.
Ricki and the Flash is an irresistible family jam. This is the kind of movie your mom will sing during, and you won't mind, because you're having such a rocking good time yourself.
This clicks every politically correct button known to today's Hollywood... Despite the clichéd story of a dysfunctional family, the only part of this film worth seeing is the music. The rest is silly and soporific.
Teen-friendly dramedy tackles big issues; some edgy content.
Another dysfunctional family "dramedy," Argh. Cast is fun, though.
The film would have you believe that (Ricki) loved her music so much that she would prefer playing with her cover band in dives and living on minimum wage than being with her children and watching them grow.
The oddly bifurcated movie offers sporadic pleasures, but as a whole it just doesn't gel.
Nothing short of entertaining to watch. (Full Content Review - Sexual Content, Profanity, etc. - for Parents also available)
"Music is the healing power of the universe," Albert Ayler said. I kind of believe him. I reckon that Demme believes him too. But not the way it's depicted here.
Ricki and the Flash swerves near stereotypes and swerves away at every turn.
Like an eighties movie - but in a good way.
Regardless of its flimsy emotional interior, Ricki is a worthy addition in this year's growing canon of strong female-centred films, and it would be wise to remember Streep's stunning performance come awards season.
Streep may have just been looking for some variety and an Oscar. But why is Demme, the great director of "The Silence of the Lambs," wasting his time on this?
There is something totally compelling about Ricki and The Flash, with its piercing insights into relationships, soulful music and a knock-out Meryl Streep as a sixty something rock-chick
Unfortunately the result, Ricki and the Flash, is an unfunny, unsentimental, erratic, listless, run through the paces.
Joyous and tender-hearted.
While there are some bright notes in Cody's writing, the situations feel a little tired, and the characters unexplored.
Ricki and the Flash offers a breezy, heartwarming, if somewhat manufactured tale about an aging rocker reconnecting with her family. Streep nails the lead role, and she's supported by a solid ensemble cast.
The result is cold porridge.
"Ricki and the Flash" feels like "Stella Dallas" as remade by Jean Renoir - it's a humanist suburban fable.
Worth watching, and rocking to.
"Ricki and the Flash" seems like a squandered opportunity for this humane, curious and liberal-minded filmmaker to reflect on some uncomfortable realities. This isn't really rock 'n' roll. It's easy listening.
Demme has already made a messed-up family matrimonial get-together way better than this, with a way better screenplay than the one Juno writer Cody has tossed off.
There are fleeting moments of real fun. Still, it's hard not to wonder why so much in the movie went so wrong.
Diablo Cody's dispiriting screenplay is all about everyone coming to love Ricki, faults and all, and that is just not convincingly done.
There are so many wonderful characters and so much great music that Ricki and the Flash is bound to have audiences leaving with a happy tune on their mind.
The story here, like a lot of bar bands, goes loud to cover up mediocrity. When Streep sings, though, so does the film.
A warmth radiates through Ricki and the Flash like a song sung true. A film that adores its characters this much is sure to be adored in kind.
Demme's brand of American eccentricity and screenwriter Diablo Cody's hipster stylings don't mesh, producing a weird hybrid of a film that's part family drama, part rock band cover show, its sprinklings of wit smothered with exaggerated cartoons.
The film turns out to be more conventional than you'd expect from Diablo Cody
Director Jonathan Demme, with music in his DNA, offers a heartfelt salute to those who play the underside of rock & roll because, well, they have to. Too bad the rest of the movie is dime-a-dozen family soap opera.
It all comes across as rather contrived.
does little except hit a series of sour notes.
There's a lot to like about Ricki and the Flash, but seeing Meryl Streep perform the song Wooly Bully with a bar band is a particular highlight.
The music is a joy. Demme has always had one foot in the rock world, notably with three films featuring Neil Young. The musical numbers are lovingly shot and recorded, and function as more than mere space-filler.
If you want to see and hear Streep get down with her Joan Jett self, go for it. Or you could just buy the rockin' soundtrack and watch the Ricki and the Flash trailer one more time.
Ricki and the Flash is an energetic, likeable, and safe greatest hits collection for many of its talented voices.
The music so wholly engulfs the second half of the film, there's no room left to expand on characters that feel less than lived-in or on the film's more ambitious ideas.
Jonathan Demme still owns the groove that 31 years ago made the Talking Heads' Stop Making Sense one of the great, nearly perfect concert films.
Creating a film with solid drama beside good humor is tough. It's harder still to balance them against a complicated character so they don't sprawl lopsided, and to send the audience home feeling satisfied.
What might have been must be better than what's here, because what's here isn't much.
If only one thing should be taken away from this film, it's that the Streep acting genes will surely live on for a long time to come through the superb Mamie Gummer
A dramedy about a rock musician seeking to reconcile with the family she left behind to follow her bliss.
As an actor, Meryl Streep is incapable of making false moves. That doesn't mean she's incapable of making false movies.
Cody's screenplay is packed with fights and reconciliations, and snappy one-liners fly all over the place. But the characters are so underwritten that the dialogue carries no weight.
The screenplay doesn't lack for memorable zingers, and thanks to Cody's script and Streep's performance, Ricki emerges as a complex, self-contradictory person (even if most of the supporting characters don't).
Cody and Demme aren't reaching for art, just trying to craft something as comfortable as an old car-radio song. The only reason it's hummable is because Streep is doing the singing.
Quite a few filmgoers lament the shortage of movies for adults. "Ricki and the Flash" goes against that trend with rock 'n' roll attitude.
It's a crowd-pleaser every bit as calculated and earnestly defanged as a Golden Oldies bus-and-truck tour. It's fun while it lasts, even if the Bic lighters stay safely pocketed at the end of the show.
Not even Meryl Streep can take a sad song and make it better.
All good protagonists are contradictory tangles of experience and disappointment, but Cody is so tentative in her approach, nothing gathers steam or sticks in emotional terms.
"Ricki" missing a few key notes.
If only Streep would have put down the microphone and let Springfield sing "Jessie's Girl," "Ricki and the Flash" might have had half a chance.
This is a rare kind of crowd-pleaser: an honest one.
While the first half is a compelling, satisfying ride, the characters kind of meander through the second half.
One of those near-misses that feels as though a lot of discussion went into the rationale behind every wrong-headed decision.
Director Jonathan Demme grasps the well of feeling of Diablo Cody's script and eventually harnesses it in his own image.
As in Demme's best early work (Handle With Care, Melvin & Howard), there is both an affection for a uniquely American type of oddball and a clear-eyed sense of their foibles.
Streep's performance, like lightning, jolts everything.
Streep's scenes with Springfield are so tender and real -- in sharp contrast to those with Kline and Gummer -- that they're from a better, more relaxed movie.
The typically sharp Cody writes weak comedy and weaker drama, and Demme stages it like he'd rather be shooting another one of his concert movies.
Streep's sublime turn is only a small part of the pleasures offered in "Ricki and the Flash," which takes a giant step over absentee mama formula to achieve a full sense of humanity and humor.
"Ricki and The Flash" may not be the most complex or demanding film of 2015, and it may not be the deepest, but, in terms of the unadulterated buzzy joy and comfort it evokes from every frame, there will likely be few that match it.
The movie itself seems equally divided between the sensibilities of hyperverbal writer Diablo Cody and music-centric director Jonathan Demme, and ends up falling into a muddy gap between the two.
If only Demme had shot a scene of Ricki stubbing out a joint on a "Cathy" comic strip.
Streep finds her way to the soul of several songs. There's devastating connection and tears in these moments: delicate gratitude in "Drift Away," nothing short of maternal redemption in a roaring version of Springsteen's "My Love Will Not Let You Down."
Director Jonathan Demme, writer Diablo Cody and star Meryl Streep have made something quirky and unpredictable. They turn a potentially hackneyed premise into a compassionate look at the roads taken (and not taken).
A muddled comedy-drama misconceived by 'Juno' writer Diablo Cody.
That special brand of La Streep mugging-here applied to the character of a hot-mess bar-band deadbeat mom-will wear you into submission until nothing else seems to matter. Except that it should.
Jonathan Demme and Diablo Cody shrewdly avoid genre conventions, and this late-summer gem offers Meryl Streep another showy star turn.
Tiptoes toward cliches and then backs off, searching for something better.
Everyone's doing their usual thing, not always in perfect harmony but with plenty of vigor.
The film roars to life too intermittently...but, sadly, too much of Ricki and the Flash is just the same old song.
Streep is effervescent in this pleasantly predictable classic rock melodrama
Is there anything Meryl Streep can't do? She is astonishing again and at her absolute best is this rockin' fun movie that proves Streep can sing with the best of them.
The only promise Ricki ever really made was featuring another eye-popping Meryl Streep role, and it delivered in that regard.
"A patchy family drama wherein no one element is as good or convincing as its lead star who carries the movie in every frame."
This is a shaggy, easily distractible film that consistently defies expectations to both charming and baffling effect.
Ultimately, spending time with these people is pleasant, lived-in, honest and even thought-provoking. And when the dialogue stops, there's a fun, golden not-too-oldies live music soundtrack to hum along with too.
Ricki is an important character to see in a film, especially since this kind of medium-range dramedy now only gets a wide release if it stars someone like Meryl Streep.
For those expecting more from the pedigree of those involved, it's a fairly flat and forgettable dramedy.
Even with its well-observed moments, the movie's nonmusical interactions, whether reaching for laughs or poignancy, too often feel flat and forced.
Ricki and the Flash's emotional intensity creeps up on you, and it's all due to the performances. Everyone's sympathetic, everyone's got depth.
Ricki raises smart questions about why a mother's musical ambitions are so much more selfish than, say, seven-time dad Mick Jagger's, and even the shamelessly corny sing-along finale wrings a few real tears out.
A breezy but touching dysfunctional family dramedy, with real heart and some genuine musical soul.
Streep just doesn't know how to sleepwalk through a role like this.
An assemblage of almost-characters in an almost-story, resulting in a very disappointing almost-movie.
Pulsating music, great ensemble performances, and a story that finds a dysfunctional family reconciling through the same factor that tore it apart: Rock.

@highlight

Meryl Streep's outstanding work helps Ricki and the Flash overcome its inconsistent tone and fairly predictable premise.