A formulaic indie road drama.
Has beautiful scenery and brief suspense, but that's not nearly enough to keep you immersed or captivated in the often contrived story or any of its poorly developed characters.
So the big question is -- how was Mariah? Surprisingly, Mrs. Cannon was the light in an otherwise morbid and boring film. She had flair, swagger and a convincing Texas accent.
The problem with the film is that it is depressing for no real reason.
It is a brooding, heavy story that has moments of visual beauty, but is ultimately imbued with a permanent glumness.
Too formulaic to be the sort of low-budget film that garners critical buzz or a cult audience; and too 'indie' to click with the mainstream crowd.
A rewarding and moving small drama with exceptionally fine performances all around.
The good news for Carey is that she gets to prove she's a pretty decent actress after all. The bad news, of course, is that she's done it in a movie no one has any other reason to see.
Two brothers slowly make their way from New Mexico back to their home in Tennessee in a watery indie drama.
As a Texas waitress, Carey is convincing -- more so than the film itself.
The good news is that Carey isn't bad.
Tennessee is an earnest, increasingly preposterous road movie about unhealed family wounds and fraternal bonds.
Though Tennessee feels more like a demo reel than a movie, the simplicity of Peck's performance and the naked pain of Rothenberg's are quite affecting.
Tennessee is occasionally a chore to sit through, but it does yield some third-act rewards for patient viewers, as the characters' willingness to sacrifice for the other is suddenly brought into sharp focus.
Tennessee veers dangerously  close to made-for-TV territory. But you utterly believe the bond between the siblings, and Rothenberg excels in his role of a protective older bro who also happens to be a haunted binge drinker.
Serving merely formulaic find-yourself melodrama, the film coasts along lackadaisically.
Mariah Carey is more than just the big star in this small story. She's the warm, charismatic, deliciously down home presence that fills the screen with charm to spare, though her character lacks the attention and depth lavished upon the male protagonists.
Let's knock out the elephant in the room from the jump: Mariah Carey turns in a perfectly respectable performance.
The dramatic payoffs are either nonexistent or overly manipulated, and for a journey that starts with so much deep-set pain and regret to end with a sentimental twist feels, to use a phrase anathema in Carey's world, off-key.
Woodley's film mostly floats along on its melancholy drift, so well-attuned to the low-key rhythms of its beaten-down characters that it never quite summons up enough energy for the rest of us, who are along for the ride.


@highlight

Despite some beautiful scenery, Tennessee can't extend its simple premise beyond typical independent road trip movie tropes.