The problem that comes with Big Bad Wolves is that its excessive violence is too intrinsically tied to questions of morality to simply create excuses of "it's just entertainment."
At moments it's fun to watch the psychological drama unfold, and Grad is especially good as the vengeful father, but much of the movie is stomach-churning and visually flat.
A dark, captivating, and thoroughly fascinating piece of genre filmmaking.
As dark comedies go, this is about as dark as it gets. The acting and stunt work are very solid. I can't say I enjoyed this, but the film is thought-provoking, occasionally funny, and it does raise some interesting moral questions.
A grisly off-beat moralistic Israeli thriller about a suspected serial rapist killer being tortured by a cop and the victim's father.
We've seen this film before - as recently as in last year's Prisoners - but Big Bad Wolves still manages to feel fresh.
Wolves should appeal to fans of filmmakers such as Eli Roth and Quentin Tarantino.
Despite its impressive intuition, inventiveness and staging, Big Bad Wolves remains a rather forgettable anecdote instead of a truly blood-freezing, Hitchcockian thriller.
A suspenseful, violent horror film that touches on the inner lives of sexual predators, the question of guilt and remorse in the human soul, and the practice of torture.
Dreary, anti-septic and overwhelmingly glum, marching down a predictable narrative path without much in the way of enlightening ethical inquiry.
One thing that's indisputable about Big Bad Wolves: It's a slick piece of genre craftsmanship, a stylish, drum-tight thriller that magnifies the ugly extremes of crime and retribution.
A semi-masterful suspense picture that blends the violent appetites of Chan-wook Park and Quentin Tarantino, pouring such delectable disease into a film that's hypnotic, even as it details unimaginable suffering.
...an engaging yet uneven little revenge thriller.
Unpredictable, with a twisted surprise around each corner, Big Bad Wolves is a clever and arresting shocker.
Papushado and his old film prof Keshales are a dynamic duo, their second feature combining natural storytelling instincts, wry humour and slow-burning, edge-of-your-seat excitement.
There's little to the movie other than shocks and gross-outs.
It is an intriguing film with much to admire, but it doesn't always earn its pitch-black attempts at humor.
There is something deeply disturbing at the heart of Big Bad Wolves and I mean that in the best possible way.
Two talented genre filmmakers to keep an eye on, especially if they're able to break away from far too familiar genre territory and try something even more different with their third movie.
Quite a find for genre buffs -- a horror entry that's at once unnerving, sardonic and, in a sick way, almost playful ... Sholem Aleichem by way of Stephen King, anyone?
A darkly impish, whimsically offbeat thriller of layered originality and subjective bite.
A torture-porn comedy about a child murderer sounds like an appalling idea. But Big Bad Wolves is disturbing in a complex way.
Tarantino-aping hasn't died out entirely; it's just moved to Israel.
While Big Bad Wolves delivers the Hostel-like torture jolts with ruthless precision, the movie is also a rudely funny satire of a macho, paranoid culture where the protection of children is used to justify any conduct.
Smoothly filmed, cleverly paced, and absent of any identifiable human behaviour, it's a tense, uncomfortable piece of elevated torture porn, haunting and distasteful.
All the filmmakers seem interested in is the ugliness of the main Israeli characters, each of whom proves a virtuoso of violence.
Big Bad Wolves provides no easy answers to its raft of disturbing moral questions.
Big Bad Wolves uses child abduction as tinder to spark both characters' and viewers' emotions, before asking us to examine the extremities of the reactions.
The bleak and brutal Israeli-made child killer thriller "Big Bad Wolves" delivers well-crafted torture porn with a faint conscience.
The most novel thing about this Israeli torture extravaganza is that writer-directors Aharon Keshales and Navot Papushado play the grisly material for broad comedy.
The Middle Eastern setting adds a rich quality and the movie works as both a suspense flick and a vehicle to examine the ethics of justice. Some scenes get gruesome without warning, but the violence is always earned.
Its points about the misplacement of blame, and the morality of fitting punishment to crime, are never less than trenchant.
[It] does creepily entertain even as it shocks with graphic violence.
A masterfully queasy blend of dark humor and darker humanity.
The movie is never less than involving, but rarely amounts to more than a third-generation grindhouse knockoff.
The filmmakers know just what our vulnerabilities are. ... But as we wince, they're laughing with us, not at us.
It's easy to see what QT loved here with the tonal balance between stunning violence, pitch black humor, and whodunit plotting. It's the first excellent film of 2014 with a gut punch of an ending.
Despite its undeniable chops, this comic thriller from directors Aharon Keshales and Navot Papushado never becomes more than a stylishly gruesome exercise.
In addition to its accomplished visual style and pacing, and its excellent cast, special mention should be made of the writing, particularly the way in which it manages to inject all sorts of comedy into the gaps between the mayhem
Disturbing on oh so many levels.
Nary a single hero in this rough, tough look at a rogue Israeli police team's effort to gain truth through torture.
Big Bad Wolves is a powerful gut-punch of a good time for genre fans and certainly lives up to the hype that surrounds it.
Graveside humour doesn't come much blacker than this fearsomely satirical gaze into the existential void from the Israeli film-makers behind 2010's Rabies.
Disturbing, edge-of-the-seat fare that is not for the fainthearted.
One senses the sniggering film-makers playing variably funny games with our phobia of paedophiles, rather than having anything lasting to say about it.
A feisty, literate torture porn comedy from the makes of the acclaimed horror movie, Rabies.
A meaty thriller/horror blend which delves deep into the male psyche and the effect military service has had on the population of Israel. Tense and brutal with a macabre sense of humour.
We've seen this story many times, but what marks Big Bad Wolves out from the pack is the filmmakers' extraordinary mastery of tone.
Delivering on the promise of 2010's 'Rabies', this is a bleakly funny mash-up comedy about child murder, corruption, torture and the siege mentality
Even if you think you've seen this story too often, Big Bad Wolves will surprise and enthral. A thriller which bites deep, it has a light touch which finds humanity even in the worst horrors.
The film is gory, mean-spirited, it feels very long, and carries its moral like an albatross around the neck.
If it doesn't transcend, it at least builds on the right shoulders.
It's dark, wonderfully twisted and laugh out loud funny... but it might just leave you questioning exactly why you enjoyed it so much. And you will enjoy it.
A glib, empty picture.
amidst all the thrilling entertainment and black comedy to be found here, there are also serious reflections on Israel's aggressive sense of victimhood and historically rooted longing for revenge (passed down from father to son).
BIG BAD WOLVES had me simultaneously doubling over with laughter and averting my eyes and cringing in disgust and fear, usually in the same scene. The best movie of this year's Fantasia Film Festival.
Big Bad Wolves builds on the potential shown by the directors Aharon Keshales and Navot Papushado with their cult 2010 debut Rabies, and racks up the tension and chills to impressive effect.
This mesmerizing revenge thriller is filled with surprising plot twists and generous doses of mordant humor.
Some thrillers are described as being "edge of your seat" affairs, but with Big Bad Wolves, it's more like you are hovering just beyond the chair, midair, waiting for the story to resolve itself.
From a purely suspenseful vantage point, Big Bad Wolves is an efficient and effective beast.

@highlight

With just enough black humor to lighten the disturbing subject matter, Big Bad Wolves is as rewarding as it is challenging.