ABCs of Death 2 is, like its predecessor, riddled with pointless and somewhat interminable short films...
The targeted demographic--gore fans with short attention spans--are going to eat this superior sequel up.
Despite a few missteps, ABCs of Death 2 promises a brighter future for an anthology progressing into sequel territory.
Truth be told, there were only three or four shorts that just didn't work for me. No, I'm not singling them out.
A rollicking short horror film anthology that feels like a festival. Sometimes it's gruesomely goofy, even great. At other points this alphabet's grotesque, or just plain gauche.
Once again, this format proves as much a curse as a blessing. Yet the variety that makes the collection so uneven is also its best asset.
you'll definitely find some cool stuff in this virtual (and disturbing) picture book
For my money, the ones that pull it all together the best are A, M, O and Z, all of which are strikingly original with imaginative premises that hold true to the end.
Each film is too short to be really satisfying, but the iTunes shuffle-style format ensures you're rarely bored. You don't like the entry for the letter G? Don't worry, H will be here any minute.
What results is a survey of what's both glorious or at least intriguing about the directions in contemporary horror, and what's problematic as well.
The good news is that The ABCs of Death 2 is a noticeable improvement over the previous anthology effort, spinning new tales of disaster and irony with greater concentration and imagination.
The batting average is higher than the first film, but nothing is quite as extreme.
ABCs of Death 2 is lackluster in comparison to the original film. It's a horror sequel that unfortunately follows the formula of feeling like a diluted clone of an impressive prototype.
Even the best tend to be little but a joke awaiting a punchline, some funnier than others, some slight, some powerfully bombed.
Not one of the works in this anthology movie sequel cracks 10 minutes, so they barely have time to overstay their welcome.
This follow-up stands as a marked improvement.
Coming quickly on the heels of its 2013 predecessor, ABCs of Death 2 maintains the same formula, but steps up its game in several ways.
There's no denying this mixed bag contains some really choice severed heads.
Better directors, better shocks, better punchlines.
Irony is a popular pose struck throughout these shorts, which are less revealing of the existentialist despair that death often rouses than they are of their makers' prejudices.
In the end, despite all the creativity that went into the project, "ABCs of Death 2" is still a bad movie.
Funny, zany, violent and surprisingly smart.
Really, there aren't many duds in this entire collection which is quite a feat.
The shorts in The ABCs Of Death 2 are wholly forgettable, and leave the limits of the gimmicky conceit completely exposed.
While there are a slew of talented filmmakers on board for the follow-up, the segments just lack variety and innovation resulting in a humdrum sequel.
An upgrade.
As a showcase for emerging international talent, the film is without equal, but as a stand-alone feature it does run a little long.
A horror anthology that you'll remember for the right reasons.
The quality is higher this time around, meaning that ABCs 2 featuring many more hits than misses.
This cavalcade of sophomoric, mean-spirited schlock is an embarrassment, putting to shame all of the exciting, limitless possibilities the horror genre has to offer.
Far superior to its predecessor because of consistent thematic improvements the 26 filmmakers each made. This is a combination of individual creative decisions and an overall push to use the format more effectively.
The ABCs Of Death 2 has something for the deviant in all of us, assembling another winning collection boasting sick, twisted, psychotic fun.

@highlight

ABCs of Death 2 delivers some inventively gory thrills, offering a surprising (albeit still somewhat uneven) upgrade over its predecessor.