The only hope for saving the humorless Idlewild is the atmospheric speak-easy setting, the great dancing numbers and the chill soundtrack.
Benjamin and Patton have devised a basic Prohibition era gangster story as a background for their newest musical experiment melding modern hip-hop with the jazz and blues of the '30s, all put together with a great deal of visual cleverness and flair.
Its hodgepodge plot only heightens its stale smell
Though not as good as I hoped it would be, it's still an above par musical effort in the end...
1930s black America becomes just a stage for OutKast's vanity project.
Neither fish nor fowl. Nor foul, either, though not great--and ultimately, more idle than wild.
In spite of several inspired moments where it exhibits some genuine promise, this desperate attempt to be all things to all people ends up sabotaging any potential to make a memorable contribution to the annals of cinema.
The music, which sounds like a collaboration between Cab Calloway and Run DMC, keeps the story flowing.
Idlewild overflows with inventiveness and random weirdness that sort of make it a must-see even if it isn't a particularly good film.
Outside of the musical numbers, Idlewild is nothing more than an old-fashioned crime melodrama, a generic jumble of Prohibition-era gangsters and aspiring musicians - any one storyline instantly recognizable from a dozen other films.
For a band whose music is suffused with such delicate irony, you'd expect at the very least for there to be a few laughs along the way? There are none. Nothing. Zero.
Fans happy to luxuriate in its artistic indulgence, however, will be swept up in the weird, random, fantastic OutKastness of it all.
You have to hand it to those OutKast fellas -- even when they make a mess, they do it with style.
an eccentric, audacious musical that, like "Moulin Rouge," blends backstage drama, tragic romance and flights of fantasy into a story that bravely jumps from genre to genre and from era to era.
An imaginatively rendered and ultimately touching expression of the collision of creativity and responsibility, and the former bursting through the constraints of a small town outlook of diminished expectation.
Computer-enhanced pictorials do most of the imaginative work in Idlewild, a wildly ambitious musical that sat on the shelf for two years, for understandable reasons.
You'll probably come to Idlewild for the musical excitement, but you may just find yourself leaving with a surprisingly bittersweet lump in your throat.
Structurally all over the place but its infectious rhythms more than make up for narrative deficiencies.
Coming from a band as creative as OutKast, this film is a big letdown, because it lacks any creativity of its own.
The only real problem is the inconsistency of performances from the individually outstanding cast.
Never idle, and always wild, "Idlewild" truly is an adults-only musical about gangsters.
...the film's audacity and peculiarity might mean Idlewild has trouble finding a mainstream audience, one it only marginally earns anyway.
At a certain point, the baldly borrowed story elements go from cute to plain lazy, and you notice that Benjamin's and Patton's characters -- introduced as friends from childhood -- share almost no scenes.
There will probably never be a marriage between a great movie and a great album, but I'm glad they keep trying.
I'm not sure who this was made for, but I thank God -- along with Messrs. Barber, Benjamin and Patton -- that somebody made it at all.
You don't have to have a stylistic device in every single shot.
Too much "idle," not enough "wild."
I was completely under Idlewild's spell. I tapped my feet the entire ride home.
The genre-smashing Idlewild brings welcome new life to the familiar.
After a recent viewing, I can see why the studio showed little interest in releasing it: this film is one screeching, mystifying, overdirected, hot mess.
Pretty good for an August dump movie... It's kind of Moulin Rouge light... I don't know anything about music, let alone hip hop, but all of the songs are catchy and the choreography is wonderful.
Like too many video directors turned filmmakers, Barber has forgotten having more than four minutes to tell a story does not mean take your sweet time getting to the point.
Bryan Barber's first feature also tweaks gangster movie conventions with brilliant choreography, hip-hop beats, and inventive images.
... a period piece that slips in and out of its era like a Star Trek crew caught in the space-time continuum.
Shakespeare has been quoted many, many times over the past 400 or so years, but never to such empty purpose as in the inchoate, self-indulgent musical drama Idlewild
By jumbling genres, fashions, music and locales, and riddling bullets through much of it, Idlewild ends up feeling disjointed and disquieting.
The film winds up being neither fish nor fowl, and sat on the shelf for the better part of two years before being released.
A series of pretty-good pop videos wrapped around a confusing tale of Chitlin' Circuit striving and conniving.
Comic, dramatic, highly conceptual and all great fun.
The most ridiculous period film since rappers took on the Old West in Posse.
Idlewild comes alive only during the production numbers, which look and feel more like music videos than music as storytelling.
Easy to peel apart for flaws, Idlewild is also easy to enjoy if you go with its jived earthiness.
A jam-packed gumbo that offers some tasty bites and bits of spice, but also quite a few mouthfuls that are impossible to swallow.
It may not be a complete success, but when Andre 3000 pays homage to Cab Calloway, Idlewild is hard to resist.
[The Outkast duo] are, as might be expected, terrific in the musical numbers and painfully self-conscious in the dramatic sequences.
[Director] Barber seems to share with his OutKast stars an abundant sense of humor and an artistic restlessness -- the movie never sticks to a single tone for very long and seems to function best when it's delivering comedy or action.
A misguided period-piece musical about gangsters, illegal 'hooch,' 'floozies' and music that is almost entirely unlike jazz.
There's a certain oddness to a movie that casts Paula Patton as a singer only to dub her voice but leaves legends like Ben Vereen and Patti LaBelle in non-musical parts.
The OutKast epic Idlewild is an amazingly misguided film, a muddled attempt to create an old school Hollywood musical showcasing the unique hip-hop duo.
It's basically a series of music videos -- a few quite good -- strung together over two long hours and loosely connected by a weak story line loaded with anachronisms.
There are moments in Idlewild that resonate with the painful 'if only' of missed opportunity, and more than a few that just make you scratch your head.
The first film from OutKast iconoclasts André Benjamin (André 3000) and Antwan A. Patton (Big Boi) has all the wit and creativity of their music videos. And here's the bad news: That makes it at least an hour too long.
A thin sprinkling of exuberance and a couple of choice cameos, that's about all this underwritten and overly choreographed spectacle has to tease us with.
Idlewild is a long, lively ride down a bumpy road that has terrific scenery along the way. It has flashes of brilliance and stretches of drudgery.
Idlewild doesn't exactly hang together, but its parts are something to behold.
By the end of Idlewild, some ironic thematic twists come nicely into play, but they're not enough to rescue a scenario that's been both too predictable and too weird for much too long.
The problem with many musicals is that they focus so much on the music, they skimp on the plot. The problem with Idlewild is that it skimps on both.
Imbues tried-and-true movie musical archetypes with sly but never campy contemporary flourishes, in a way that would make Baz Luhrmann proud.
Easily the most wildly innovative film of the year, despite the dull title, Bryan Barber's dynamo is a fusion musical.
OutKast's much-ballyhooed Prohibition-era musical is a dense, confusing jumble of old-school and new-school, gangster and gangsta, that never pauses long enough to tell a cogent story.
Idlewild is so eccentric it remains compellingly watchable.
Those who do not succumb to the movie's fantasy will dismiss it as an extended music video. That's not an unfair criticism, but it doesn't make the film any less enjoyable.
As expected, the soundtrack is the highlight of Idlewild. Unfortunately, the film's rather thin plot keeps getting in the way of the music.
Idlewild left me wanting to see more from everyone involved.
Welcome to Church, the speakeasy in the often vivacious, sometimes silly, musical Idlewild.
Despite some visual sparkle and musical razzle-dazzle, Idlewild is a messy movie.
So playful and vibrant that even when it stumbles, as it does fairly frequently, it's still an enjoyable spectacle.
In the end, the saddest thing about Idlewild is that all of the pieces were present for a very good film.
At once magical and a mess, this musical marks a bold first foray into cinema for hip-hop duo OutKast.
A sludgy, badly photographed, poorly edited bungle whose musical numbers never pop.
Between the gangsters and the showgirls, the gorgeous costumes and the wowser production numbers, Idlewild has just about everything a popular entertainment can offer. It also has a soul, and that comes free with the price of a ticket.
Sharp costuming and set design can't disguise this two-hour music video from OutKast.
But whereas Barber stages the musical numbers as ingeniously as the groundbreaking music videos for which he's justifiably been lauded for, the rest is an unfocused herky-jerky haphazardly realized disaster.
Even in a period piece set before such cameras were available, André and Big Boi can still shake it like a Polaroid picture.
Call me crazy, but hip-hop floor shows weren't an especially common sight in the 1930s Deep South.
This film is very, very weird, and that may put off some people. It's a fun way to blow an afternoon though.
True, it's a little late in OutKast's career for Andre 3000 and Big Boi to make their 'Purple Rain' move, but who would have expected them to leap straight to 'Graffiti Bridge'?
You can almost feel the filmmakers' excitement about what they're achieving. You want it all to work, and a good bit of it does.
It's a vehicle for OutKast's music and personality in which the music and lead roles feel like afterthoughts.
... a tremendously enjoyable, if somewhat disconcerting, experience along the lines of the Dr. Seuss-penned cult fave The 5,000 Fingers of Dr. T
This may be one of those cases in which the soundtrack is better than the movie.
Idlewild's brazen approach to cinematic entertainment is one of its brightest lights.
You wouldn't think a musical would suffer from a lack of music, but here we are.
Part-musical, part-melodrama, all Outkast... Idlewild is just plain fun.
spends a great deal of time distracting us from the story with all sorts of visual eccentricities
The evident affection for this romanticized vision of the era saturates the film like the warm sepia tones of its palette.
When Angel brushes off Trumpy with the line 'Can the artist get a little space around here?', you may agree that the question deserves a qualified 'yes' answer.
[F]antasy like we like our movies to be, a cinematic phantasmagoria of a dream version of the past... lush, rich, ridiculously romantic...
A weirdly inconsistent movie enjoyable only in fits and starts; but the fits are pretty spectacular.
Idlewild stands out as a ground-breaking, clever, original musical that crosses audience demographics as it does genres.
The joint doesn't jump in the OutKast musical Idlewild; it just twitches and stumbles.
This musical's uncertain blend of rap and 1930s jazz never completely jells, but the lovely sepia-toned photography lends period flavor, and the whole thing wraps up with a Busby Berkeley-style production number.
Idlewild is an engaging, original movie musical. It turns all sorts of pop cultural icons on their heads and delivers a smart commentary on race and class in 20th Century America.
A movie so oblivious to convention and structure that it seems like a Jackson Pollock splatter-painting, without the crucial 'genius' part.
If, like me, you like OutKast just fine but staggered out of Moulin Rouge reeling from the quick-cut-induced nausea, you'll leave Idlewild tapping your toe and scratching your head at the same time.
There are enough qualities in Idlewild to make you believe not only in [director] Barber's potential, but in a fruitful marriage of hip-hop sensibility with the movie musical genre.
In its best moments Idlewild connects with OutKast's weirdness. At its worst, the film trades in the very clichés about romance, redemption and music that listeners run to OutKast to avoid.
Sorry, Ms. Jackson. The Outkast movie stanks.
For all its shortcomings, Idlewild also has something that few films can pull off: Moments of such pure cinematic fabulousness, breathtaking dance sequences and idiosyncratic flourishes that we are more than willing to forgive it for all its sins.
The good stuff is really good, and, although you'll wish for a fast-forward button, it isn't going to pop at home like it does on the big screen.
The opening half-hour of Idlewild is perhaps the most entrancing of any movie so far this year, which is why it's all the more frustrating that what follows is of such uneven quality.
There's nothing compelling about the characters or story, and that maroons Idlewild within the category of disposable entertainment.
As unlikely as it seems that the music segments would be the weakest parts of Idlewild, however, it's just as surprising that the rest of the movie stands up pretty well.
Director Bryan Barber (known for his music videos) and his cast display so much gusto that it's hard to keep up your resistance -- I wound up finding this more enjoyable than the Oscar-bestrewn Chicago.
Idlewild is what it is, though you may never be quite sure what that 'is' is. Still, it's a professional-looking picture, filled with talented, likable performers who give it their best.
The film only rarely harnesses the power of the anachronistic, funk-driven, beat-heavy rap music that swells its soundtrack.
I'd love to revisit the best scenes as unrelated music videos but as a whole, the film just doesn't work.
If "Harlem Nights" and "Moulin Rouge" had a baby, it would be the entertaining, uneven but delightful "Idlewild."
There hasn't been a movie musical this impulsive, this risky, this impetuous since Moulin Rouge.
A stylish, energetic romp of 1930s flair with two platinum-selling artists kicking the tires of Hollywood paradigms.
Aggressive direction. Aggressive, bold, confident & unabashed. The cinematography -- flat out gorgeous. This film busts out of the projector's gates like a break dancer on ice.
the shopworn cliché of the soulful, small-town piano player in love with the sultry chanteuse from the big city has less sizzle than saccharine, failing in every respect to match the passion or the energy of the rest of the film. Darn.
Idlewild is a romp, a ticket to rowdy good times.
Animated musical notes jump from their staffs with frenzied glee and stop motion dancers fly high in a kaleidoscope of color, rhythm and joy. What's not to love?
Idlewild has a sober, loving respect for history and the old South, and thereby grants itself a measure of distinction.
A disjointed period crime drama that may try the patience of even [Outkast's] most diehard fans.
Odd but entertaining musical with a distinctly OutKast overcast.
[Idlewild] achieves magic -- something sorely missing from so many movies these days -- and does so via a philosophy of respect, but not reverence, for what's come before it; it never recycles, it just reimagines.
A middling musical mishmash that can't keep a beat.
While it's visually inventive, the story's too trite and clichéd to be meaningful.
There's raw talent and hot score on display, but despite original concept, this is a disjointed, convulated musical that suffers from mixture of styles, ideas, and settings, including a funeral parlor in which an emablmer sings to his corpses
Idlewild can't decide if it's about bullets, booze, broads or the sound of hip-hop that the film strenuously tries to marry to the 1930s.








@highlight

Idlewild has some truly breathtaking moments, but borrows too heavily from other similar movies, and the disjointed script is not worthy of talents involved.