Come for Mirren and Sutherland's performances and you won't be disappointed, but don't expect to be impressed by much else.
Thankfully Sutherland and Mirren prop up the film despite its tonal disparity... But the couple's spirited performance can't rise above a film that covers some fairly depressing material.
The film's shifting tones, swinging wildly from amusing to sad, upbeat to sentimental, may be intentional, but result in a bumpy ride.
It's one of those movies that makes you feel rather sad for everyone concerned with making it.
This movie will either touch you with its genial brand of poignancy, or torment you with its mawkish manipulation of your emotions.
[The Leisure Seeker] is a predictable scenario. It can't be anything else. But these two great talents invest it with humanity and courage in the face of its inescapable home truths.
The picture would be close to unbearable without the presence of Sutherland and Mirren. Neither is anywhere near his or her best.
Mirren and Sutherland make this a film that's impossible to write off.
Memento the film is not.
Mirren and Sutherland just about keep the ship afloat.
It's hard to sentimentalise something as nasty as Alzheimer's, but The Leisure Seeker certainly gives it a try and only the wily acting of Mirren and Sutherland save this anodyne production from artistic oblivion.
The ingredients were there but something went horribly wrong in the oven.
The plot isn't the most depressing thing about the film. That honour goes to the fact that two such eminent actors are not getting better roles...
A funny and truthful look at growing old together.
The Leisure Seeker doesn't offer many surprises, but it really captures the realities of a long-term relationship, and is the kind of film that makes you appreciate the person you're with.
In the spirit of all bad road-trip films, the Spencers encounter just about every conceivable misadventure. A lecture from a traffic cop, check. A few dangerous swerves, check. A hold-up by a couple of desperadoes, check.
Plenty of scope, then, for tragedy and comedy, but Paolo Virzi's film is neither profoundly sad nor uproariously funny. It just trundles along in a cocoon of modulated mediocrity, like the Spencers in their Leisure Seeker.
Sentimentality and morbidity sit side by side. Thankfully, Mirren and Sutherland bring enough mischief, humour and passion to their roles to ensure that the film's more toe-curling moments are quickly forgotten.
Director Paolo Virzì struggles to tackle the thorny issue of aging with ease.
I found it sucrose and glib.
Despite unconvincing dialogue, [Donald] Sutherland is great as the professor obsessed with Ernest Hemingway but [Helen] Mirren feels miscast as his chatty southern wife.
Making his first American film after a 25-year career in Italy, Virzi has chosen a project whose tonal challenges would make most directors curl into a foetal ball. Even his seasoned leads wobble.
Mirren and a dignified Sutherland remain fully committed to the characters and it is the affection we retain for them that makes this modest effort mildly endearing.
There are quieter moments during which the glances between Sutherland and Mirren -- containing memories better left unvoiced -- suggest something worthier than the dreck they're trapped in.
Pursuing pleasure and delight after 50 years of marriage
[Helen] Mirren and [Donald] Sutherland imbue their characters with a fragile humanity that makes them hard not to love and appreciate. They make the most of the material they've been given. All in all, it was a trip worth taking.
Clear language problems... [Full Review in Spanish]
As much as the terrific lead players have to offer, there's only one truly memorable sequence.
The Leisure Seeker is not particular satisfying or entertaining.
There are a handful of nice, intimate moments between Mirren and Sutherland, but this is largely an exercise in rancid quirk.
"If you've been through what John and Ella are going through with a family member of your own, "The Leisure Seeker" is true enough to that experience. And it's enough of a fantasy to make you wish for a Winnebago, an open road and a little more time."
It's a particular pleasure to see Sutherland in a leading role, as he's so seldom ever in his long career been given the opportunity to carry a film.
[Helen Mirren and Donald Sutherland] give potent and particular performances, bright buoys at sea in an otherwise nondescript picture.
"The Leisure Seeker" deserves credit for tackling a difficult subject. Unfortunately it comes packaged in a clumsy road movie headed the wrong way down the highway.
We're not in European art film territory here. Oh, but if we had been, I think [Helen] Mirren and [Donald] Sutherland, whose chemistry is unmistakable, would have been so much more memorable than they are.
Both performers are treasures; both deserve, together and separately, a better showcase than this.
But stick with The Leisure Seeker and you'll be rewarded with something special, as [Helen] Mirren and [Donald] Sutherland begin filling in the pieces of their characters' lives.
Sentimental, but not exactly meaningful.
Sadly, what sounds good on paper does not necessarily translate well onto the big screen.
Unfortunately, the story takes a wrong turn early on, and despite truly fine performances, it never fully satisfies. In fact, it's the kind of movie in which you see so much potential that its doubly disappointing when it doesn't live up to it.
... a work as entertaining as it is foreseeable... [Full review in Spanish]
The great Helen Mirren and Donald Sutherland on a journey of tears and laughter. [Full review in Spanish]
Italian director Paolo Virzi has much to say about old age. But just what that message might be is more opaque than Grandma's support hose.
Slowly but surely, the movie's grace notes slip away as surely as its agency.
Saccharine piffle unredeemed by its two talented stars.
Sometimes an outsider's perspective is a breath of fresh air. In this one, you feel the director holding his nose.
The Leisure Seeker is almost too leisurely in its meandering to find a tone.
The film's poignant and powerful ending does provide a saving grace.
Ultimately, The Leisure Seeker falls into a pile of human-interest indies trying to tip the scales with charm and acting alone. This one doesn't transcend its pitch.
The wheels never get stuck in maudlin because Mirren and Sutherland create so much dramatic momentum, they keep things rolling. More importantly, neither character shrinks from the truth. They are grown-ups playing grown-ups...
The pleasure of Mirren and Sutherland's company is considerable, but not that considerable.
It becomes increasingly difficult for Leisure Seeker to manage its varying tones, and ultimately impossible.
Mirren and Sutherland are just about perfect; they've spent too many years in front of the camera not to know what to do with a cornball screenplay and a couple of Hemingway jokes. Welcome to cozy cinema.
I don't know your mom, but she might like this.
Mirren and Sutherland can do anything - except save this sentimental drool bucket of senior cinema from driving into a predictable ditch of been-there-seen-that.
This soft, languid road movie benefits from accomplished actors Mirren and Sutherland; they share a genuine chemistry, but despite some lovely moments, the film meanders and becomes lost.
There's nothing particularly groundbreaking here in terms of storytelling, and it seems like a fairly trivial waste of its two leads.
Missing are the detours and oddball characters that give road tales quirk appeal. The trip is predictable from the beginning.
The Leisure Seeker would have been a better film if director Paolo Virzì had veered darker because zombies aren't coming for us, but mortality most definitely is.
A touching travelogue with just enough heartfelt moments combined with comic relief to warrant this critic's stamp of approval.
The main reason to see The Leisure Seeker is the same reason Mirren chose to make it: her character, she has said, "is not someone withdrawing from life. This is someone rushing headlong into life."
Not too much happens for most of The Leisure Seeker. But it is one of those films where you don't mind its tranquility and leisurely pace. Watching Donald Sutherland and Helen Mirren being so smitten and in love with each other is just so delightful.
It occurred to me early on that The Leisure Seeker could effortlessly be adapted into a two-person, single-set stage play. But given the relatively inert material here, who'd want to do that?
While Sutherland's addled John makes for a surprisingly assured pilot of the couple's old RV, Virzi's film veers all over the map, too frequently straining the limits of taste...Mirren and Sutherland make a great pair, but they need another vehicle.
Paolo Virzi's film, based on a novel by Michael Zadoorian, holds few surprises, leaving us with some enjoyable set pieces in a disappointing movie.
The sentiment is admirable; the execution decidedly is not.
It is too bad that this touching story is couched in a mediocre road trip.
It's a sweet premise ... that isn't fleshed out well in the leaden screenplay, which leans heavily on the most obvious Americana trappings to gin up a lighter side of senility.
The Leisure Seeker is a pleasant distraction even though the endgame is depressing.
There's beauty here - Virzi is too humane to make a movie without beautiful moments. But a scattered eight or 10 minutes of splendor just isn't worth an almost two-hour investment of time.
The performers are always lively, often engaging, and sometimes moving, worth our contemplation even when the script flags.
When a film doesn't know how to deal with a tough subject honestly, it does so with dishonesty instead. The Leisure Seeker is one of the most dishonest pictures of its type ever made.
There are occasional flashes of sweetness and charm, but the parts don't add up to anything substantial.
Do not be fooled by this stellar twosome, Helen Mirren and Donald Sutherland. "The Leisure Seeker" is about as bad as they come.
Alas, "The Leisure Seeker" is neither funny nor poignant, and without those two attributes, the finale has no emotional depth.
No matter how likable Sutherland and Mirren are, they're still stuck in little more than an upbeat wish-fulfillment fantasy.
Gentle, bittersweet journey - notable for its fine performances.
If only the film had something to say about America-or about memory, or about families.
Somewhat generic but mostly agreeable.
Played by Donald Sutherland and Helen Mirren, these two dodge much of the icky adorableness movies such as this usually heap on old people, but that's not to say the characters are all that noteworthy, just very well acted.
Even having tremendous actors like Sutherland and Mirren in the front seat can't enliven this vacation.
Just about everything about The Leisure Seeker gets worse as the movie progresses.
A soggy East Coast road trip saga in which Helen Mirren and Donald Sutherland valiantly pretend that rogue treatment of debilitating illnesses has its funny/endearing side.
A generally insipid road movie with the usual Alzheimer cliches.
The Leisure Seeker is what we in the biz call, "something else."
Take The Leisure Seeker for what it is-namely, a predictable road movie, right down to the inevitable Bob Dylan soundtrack cuts.
It feels like there is the potential here for a really congenial piece of cinema, and yet it just persists in letting you down.
False sentimentality can be a danger. However, The Leisure Seeker is dry-eyed even at its most moving and a celebration of love even as it reaches its end.
Their picaresque journey, punctuated by campside evenings spent looking through slides of their past life, is going only one way - but these are outstanding performances, embracing age, by Sutherland and Mirren (despite a dodgy accent).
It's bluntly honest ... and finds a rough-edged humour in that frankness.
The movie is only willing to serve up its truths halfway. And I still teared up.
Cluttered with clichés and stalled in softness, pot-holed by its self-serving use of Alzheimer's as a narrative convenience.
The Leisure Seeker isn't the sort of picture to start meddling with ... formula, but it sets about its business with a satisfying efficiency.
Not even two actors as talented as Helen Mirren and Donald Sutherland can save this dreadfully predictable Alzheimer's road movie.
A road movie short on comedy and drama should at least offer a keen level of observation, but here insight is scarce and emotional resonance is faint.

@highlight

The Leisure Seeker certainly doesn't suffer from any shortage of acting talent, but it's largely squandered on a predictable, diffuse drama with little to say.