Bourne Legacy is an object lesson in how to screw up a reboot.
Be prepared to embrace the year's most bizarre hero.
Jeremy Renner's stock-in-trade is a regular-looking joe who radiates a powerful undercurrent of danger. Given the new storyline, Renner is a perfect replacement for Matt Damon.
Jeremy Renner... fills in Damon's shoes with relish, and better yet, with integrity.
It won't provide the cinematic jolt that many are looking for in a "Bourne" film.
A fine movie, in the end. And that's the problem. It's just fine. The first three "Bourne" movies were incredible.
The rather serious and businesslike film offers a handful of intense action scenes and some satisfying spy-vs-spy combat.
It doesn't so much as end as run out of running time.
No one wanted this. Not even lapsed Christians sought to be "Bourne" again.
Legacy intact! The Bourne Legacy ensures we've not seen the end of the franchise just yet.
Renner's Cross isn't as compelling a protagonist as Damon's troubled Bourne, but when it comes to bruising combat he certainly delivers.
Unless America is really that stuck on Matt Damon in the Bourne franchise, I see no reason that Renner's work here shouldn't make him a star.
Semi-successful revamp uses Bourne's name
It couldn't ever hope to match the Paul Greengrass/Matt Damon movies for sheer punch and propulsion, but it's as close to replicating them as you could expect, and marks another excellent entry into the Bourneography.
Nicely overlaps the previous films while carving a name of its own
'The Bourne Legacy' is by no means a bad film. Unfortunately, it just has trouble living up to the real world Jason Bourne 'legacy.'
There's a lot to like about The Bourne Legacy, but it's hard not to feel a little worried that the rich complexity of Ludlum's past work might be lost in the transition-and that's a legacy that really needs to be upheld.
... all middle with no beginning -- and, of course, no end, so the franchise can go on.
"The Bourne Legacy" may not be the thriller the first three films managed to be. But, it's well written and very entertaining. Renner has become one of my favorite action stars.
This is not the Bourne sequel you were looking for.
The Bourne Legacy is the strangest sequel to come out of the Hollywood studio system in a long, long time. It's a product of shallow studio greed and staggering creative ineptitude.
Though the weakest of the series, "The Bourne Legacy" is not a throw-away action film. It's one of the best thrillers of the year and a sure bet on the future success of the "Bourne" franchise.
If you can survive the first hour's complexities - you'll need to focus hard on the narrative to keep up - a pay-off, of sorts, awaits.
Renner and Weisz make an entertaining action-movie odd couple, the terse man of action and the chatty scientist who learns fast how to react when the shooting starts.
(Renner) has the required intensity and physicality to make his character-a highly-trained, genetically enhanced undercover agent-completely believable.
It's not Renner's fault the script is a heap of dung.
It's watchable, but doesn't have enough sense of character or purpose to make us care about anything that happens
It's a mostly unnecessary addition to the smart, exciting "Bourne" trilogy.
Jeremy Renner steps into this reboot of the "Bourne" franchise and the series doesn't miss a beat.
The Bourne Legacy exists only as a failed attempt to squeeze more juice out of a once-reputable franchise, which is hardly a legacy worth leaving.
If this is the legacy of the Bourne franchise, we're better off just forgetting all about it.
"The Bourne Legacy" is a better than competent spy thriller that pays off on its promise to push up the spectator's blood pressure.
After one of the best chase sequences of any movie this year, it literally slams into an ending that doesn't feel very much like an ending at all, leaving viewers adrift in a sea of unanswered spy questions.
When it comes to action filmmaking Tony Gilroy still has much to learn, namely: don't expect underwhelming action sequences to be a life preserver in an ocean of complicated plot devices.
An intelligent, fantastic piece of well constructed pop entertainment that has a certain air of erudite emotional remove.
It falters a little bit and it's really just an effort to keep a lucrative franchise alive without its iconic star, but it still seems to have plenty of life left in it.
It's as good a story as you can hope when you're trying to keep a franchise afloat without the main character, but it still feels a little underdone.
Reeking of a desperate attempt to keep a valuable franchise afloat ...
There comes a point at which you have enhanced soldiers fighting with non-enhanced people stuck in the middle...where you're just remaking Terminator 2.
Jeremy Renner can't quite match the charm of Matt Damon in the leading role but it's hard to fault his passionate, energetic performance.
The film is too well-made and too well-paced to reek of cynicism...But rather than leaving you yearning for yet more Bourne, this exhausting fourth installment is more likely to have you citing one of the clearly stated themes in the film: "no more".
an accelerated action movie riff on "Flowers for Algernon"
A bloated waste of time.
Even without Jason Bourne and the corresponding Matt Damon, it's a well-cast and well-done continuation of the series.
Lacks the tight plotting that characterised the first three movies.
Manages at one and the same time to feel very propulsive without actually going anywhere in particular or having much of a point.
The Bourne Legacy is a solid, if slightly underwhelming, return for the franchise.
The Bourne Legacy in no way honours the Bourne legacy. It is merely an exercise in brand maintenance until Damon feels like climbing down off his wallet to be Bourne again.
The Bourne Legacy is quieter, slower, more sobering. The conspiracy is bigger and darker than we thought.
There's enough there, in all likelihood, to make audiences hope for more, but it's not as finished or complete a work as it should have been.
Jeremy Renner takes over the franchise and lends his character a menacing charm.
The action - foot chases, gun battles, and one lengthy episode on motorbikes in the choked streets of Manila - is really, really good.
Fast paced, tightly plotted and strongly performed, The Bourne Legacy is an inventive continuation of the groundbreaking Bourne series.
A nimble and well-crafted chase thriller.
Where The Bourne Ultimatum was a lesson in how to construct a jargon-heavy, location-hopping, it-goes-all-the-way-up-to-the-top spy thriller, The Bourne Legacy is a lesson in how not to.
Why oh why would you spoil the brilliance of a perfect film trilogy with a Bourne inferior? The Bourne Legacy is a fourth big screen adventure for the super spy but sadly one without a plot, a point and most incredibly Jason Bourne.
Since The Bourne Legacy's non-ending leaves the franchise in need of a real finale, it would be great if Damon signs back up and joins Renner for one last Bourne experience.
Whether you like 'The Bourne Legacy' depends on what you think about 'link' movies.
It is really just another action chase story with a science-fictional MacGuffin concept that could have even been an afterthought.
All could be forgiven if the action delivered, but it doesn't.
The ending suggests a sequel, and why not? I'd watch Renner again, though I'd still prefer it if Damon and Greengrass returned.
Tony Gilroy handles the action sequences decently enough, aided by John Gilroy's brisk editing and striking camerawork from Robert Elswit.
It's game all the way, it has some applause moments for the superb engineering of several action sequences, and it rates high marks for conception and writing. But we're missing something. Could it be Jason Bourne?
Talky and short on action, the film will leave fans on hold and other filmgoers unimpressed.
Renner's Aaron Cross races to get his fix, in what seems like an overblown metaphor for the ideal viewer's addiction to chasing the Bourne dragon. 'No more', indeed.
It doesn't have a satisfactory conclusion, but it does leave the door wide open for more sequels, which, I guess, is the whole point of this empty exercise in commercial film making.
This Jason-Bourne-less sequel to the popular spy trilogy necessarily lacks something. But it strives to compensate.
Legacy is a fine pseudo-reboot--mostly setup but good enough to warrant a sequel to see what Gilroy and Renner come up with next.
It's an exciting chase thriller, but it's thin, playing like the first act of three parts and while Cross is physically strong, he may not have the legs for it.
With neither main star nor director on board, and seemingly no plot to progress, how does The Bourne Legacy hold up? Considering the circumstances, pretty darn well.
Shares crucial DNA with the earlier films but is drawn from the shallower end of the gene pool.
This sequel is little more than a cash grab.
If Identity, Supremacy, and Ultimatum were the cheeky entrée, mouth-watering main, and delectable dessert, respectively, watching this fourquel feels like finally receiving the bill.
Gilroy hasn't locked down every last task and stumbles at the end, but he keeps an awful lot spinning for an awfully long time.
Bourne fan fiction. But it's the rare sort of good fanfic: utterly inconsequential, of course, but a whole lotta fun. It's a turn-your-brain-off popcorn flick for people who don't like to turn our brains off just because we're at The Movies.
Whether you call this a reboot, extension, evolution or a spin-off, I'm thrilled with where this franchise can go.
clears the muddle of names and motivations making the first three Bourne adventures tough to follow (and)explains the breadth of the Treadstone project, making it more than just a MacGuffin to make someone sweat.
For 100 minutes, this is a slam-bang, humdinger of a movie, which turns into a Perils of Pauline serial, with the story never coming to an end after a mindless, 30-minute chase.
The 'Curse of the Pink Panther' of Jason Bourne films.
Everything Gilroy and crew concoct only serves to mock the excellence and passion with which Greengrass delivered his films.
Might have benefited from a tighter edit, but overall still manages to thrill.
A fundamental issue at the heart of The Bourne Legacy is it lacks the same propulsive narrative and ongoing journey of self-discovery for its protagonist - key ingredients which made the first series so memorable.
The Bourne Legacy may wind up being remembered as the New Coke of the Bourne franchise. It's really not all that much different, but it's likely to leave the public clamoring for Bourne Classic.
Like the films that preceded it, this is a movie that, even its (brief) quieter passages, is all about momentum.
The Bourne films seem to only be about filming herky, jerky chases and frenetic fight scenes. These Outcome agents never seem to do ANYTHING other than be chased. Just once I'd like to see the Outcome agents do some, you know, spying.
The Bourne Legacy moves on, and takes us on a spirited journey. Stow your baggage, and it's a trip well worth taking.
Gilroy has a strong sense of drama and he mostly directs with a sense of urgency suitable to the genre
Set in stunning international locations, The Bourne Legacy delivers a story with scale, thrilling action and an exciting new protagonist in Jeremy Renner as Aaron Cross
Aaron Cross immediately registers as a more vulnerable and sympathetic protagonist than his predecessor.
This is such an obvious black-ops ploy to milk the cash cow...
Action sequences run hot-and-cold: A battle inside Marta's home is superbly orchestrated, but a chase through Manila is overbaked, particularly when one notes that the assassin in pursuit proves to be as indestructible as a T-1000 sent from the future.
You can be Bourne again without Bourne -- again.
While the results are mostly entertaining, this is the weakest and least thrilling addition to the Bourne series.
A primer on how to make a successful sequel sans a hit franchise's title character, star or source material from the series' creator.
The fourth installment of the successful Bourne series is the weakest.
There are a handful of key action sequences that are wrapped up in this really boring movie. It's like one of the lamest and least memorable pigs in a blanket you've ever experienced.
"Like Flowers for Algernon, only with Predator drones."
It's too bad that Universal wasn't content with merely letting amnesiac superspy Jason Bourne (Matt Damon) end his saga with dignity.
Without more of an emotional stake, the film can't convince us to pay closer attention.
Perhaps the most interesting question arising from The Bourne Legacy is just how long the filmmakers hope to trade on the Bourne name without any, you know, Bourne.
Gilroy brings a calmness and a smartness to the summer action movie, and it was a welcome diversion.
It is what it is, folks --- a spy picture chock full of intrigue, close calls and plenty of commotion. It's fun!
Fast-paced escapism that should satisfy even the most loyal of Bourne supporters.
The Bourne Legacy needs Matt Damon, better action and an ending. The best part about this flick is James Newton Howards incredible score!
It could be said this isn't what fans were expecting, except I suspect it actually is. The movie is a predictable letdown.
The Bourne Legacy is competently made, features a rugged hero and packs a few visceral wallops. It's also a wholly unnecessary extension of the "Bourne" brand, and that fact drags down the entire project.
It's Bourne, but in many ways it's Bourne-lite.
Gilroy (who co-wrote the film with his brother Dan) doesn't skimp on high-octane action, from Renner's introductory scenes of survival in a snowy wilderness, to his violent first meeting with Weisz, through a slam-bang chase climax.
Might pass muster as a serviceable, if infuriatingly coy, Bourne spin-off if the lead were not so woefully miscast.
We come looking for bravado and butt kicking...we end up with little more than dialogue and discussion.
For a film with Jason Bourne's DNA, this is the slow one in the family.
Disappointing recycling of bits from older "Bourne" movies with an unnecessarily complicated, slow-to-get-going and even by Bourne standards unbelievable plot.
As mindless entertainment goes, Legacy is better than most with good dialogue and excellent character work from Renner. But it's incomplete and ultimately unable to carve out an identity of its own.
Non-stop action sequel holds its own against predecessors.
What Gilroy can do with mastery is build tension.
'Bourne' again? I don't think so.
The whole thing remains peculiarly abstract - there's nothing to invest in here, no pre-existing couple under threat, no child in peril, no one to root for. No lighter moments either.
Renner and Weisz work well together as two hunted souls who initially need each other for utilitarian reasons.
The Bourne Legacy arrives at one of the most jarringly abrupt and anticlimactic conclusions I've ever seen.
Universal hits reset, take the series in a new direction, and introduces some fresh ideas that help buttress what ends up being a reasonably intense action film.
Gilroy's a fine writer - he also penned Michael Clayton - but without the discipline of an action veteran like Greengrass to rein him in, he indulges his weakness to over-explain things.
This franchise is going to have to come up with something pretty special if it hopes to limp past this miserable entry.
It's twists and turns and nothing else. And fast and furious as it may be, if this is the best this once-smart series has to offer, this is no legacy.
A quasi spinoff, a side-quel if you will, the plot runs in an obfuscated parallel construction. Hang thru the first hour for a much better second. Renner + Weisz are worth it.
One gets the sense throughout that Gilroy is trying too hard to please too many masters.
I did see and greatly enjoy the previous 'Bournes,' but was dizzied at what the heck was going on in this new take. No doubt this is the end of the franchise.
The Bourne Legacy is one of Alfred Hitchcock's "refrigerator movies," in that it succeeds pretty well "in the moment" but starts to fall apart when considered in retrospect.
The movie's last hour or so squanders these rich narrative possibilities in an incoherently plotted, generically action-packed anticlimax.
Inevitably, this film will be compared to the Damon trilogy, and I think it's a worthy entry in the series. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
They really should promote it as The Bourne Legacy starring Jeremy Renner, Rachel Weisz and a photo of Matt Damon We Will Show Every 5 Minutes To Make You Feel Like Matt Damon Is In The Movie.
Disappointing as both a Bourne sequel and as Tony Gilroy's followup to the brilliant Duplicity...
Gilroy keeps the Bourne mythology firmly intact while moving it forward, and leaves the door open for just about anything in the future.
This is a talky, draggy thriller, muddled by flashbacks and woefully low on action.
Bourne fans will find much to enjoy about The Bourne Legacy, even if they are forced to do without the title character.
Renner and the audience deserve better.
Gilroy has brought characteristic taste and skill to a nearly impossible task: embracing the past without completely erasing it, thereby creating an invitingly complicated and open-ended future.
Along the way there are a number of action set pieces including a bravura chase through Manila on foot and on motorcycle that plays out like a game of three-dimensional chess.
The biggest problem isn't even Bourne's absence- it's that the film's parts don't add up to much of substance.
an uneven start to a new franchise that may need a director with a completely different vision in order for it to be truly born again.
Never tell a studio that their golden goose is finished laying eggs.
The need to link this story to the ones before it is understandable ... but it's also a massive weight on the movie's shoulders.
If the overarching story is silly, on the ground Gilroy's approach is the opposite: brainy and logistics-obsessed.
Renner is a superb choice for an action hero, with easy charisma, intelligence, and mad fighting skills.
The "X-Men Origins: Wolverine" or "Exorcist II: The Heretic" of the "Bourne" series, a low-rent, low-voltage rehash with each new idea offered up being a bad one.
It all but squanders Jeremy Renner and Rachel Weisz, although with actors less appealing, "The Bourne Legacy" would be even worse.
"The Bourne Legacy" is ... the cinematic equivalent of an NFL Pro Bowl - exciting, but after a while all the offense becomes a tad tiresome and repetitious. There is something to be said for defense.
Complex, unexpected and dazzling, alternating relentless tension with resonant emotional moments, this is an exemplary espionage thriller that has a strong sense of what it wants to accomplish and how best to get there.
It's deja vu all over again.
A brisk and challenging film.
Essentially one big long chase scene that never wants to stop, and with good reason. Because whenever it does, the audience might start thinking.
Smart, taut, sleek, tense and unrelenting -- an ideal action movie and a truly exemplary sequel.
Can a Bourne-again movie succeed without Matt Damon as Jason Bourne, without Bourne himself, and without a Robert Ludlum book as the production's turn-by-turn guide? Yes, it can.
not merely the worst entry in a series I've liked until now, but also one of the worst movies of the year.
"The Bourne Legacy" makes the most of its inheritance and sets the stage for a long, rich genealogy to come.
Gilroy, who's had a hand in writing the previous three films in the franchise, cleverly overlaps the events of this chapter with those of The Bourne Ultimatum.
Seeing a Bourne film for the plotting feels like reading Playboy for the articles, but if that's your thing, this is your movie.
A momentum-driven thriller that depends less on star power than on epic action sequences.
'Legacy' has to dig deeper to find new ground to cover, introducing elements of sci-fi into the equation. The result is surprisingly limp and even more incomprehensible.
It struggles (ironically) to establish its own identity. Bourne himself, it turns out, casts too great a shadow.
The Bourne Legacy is dwarfed by the three smash Bourne movies that preceded it. But for summer movie night escapsim, you could do worse.
Renner projects too much complexity to be an action hero, and he and Weisz have no chemistry ...
The best thing that can be said about "The Bourne Legacy" is that Renner will survive it.
By the time Rachel Weisz, as a scientist called Dr. Marta Shearing, showed up in a lab coat, I stopped trying to parse every plot twist and just went with the action flow.
Will come as a major disappointment for those who enjoyed the earlier trilogy, a mostly plodding chase movie that revs up too infrequently and then not always excitingly.
It's chaotic, but still kind of fun.
He won't erase any memories of Damon, but Renner's turn is strong enough to stand on its own.
Maybe Universal is looking for their own version of "The Avengers," a Bourne megapalooza featuring rogue agents from multiple top secret government programs joining forces to take down the C.I.A., NSA and the Joint Forces.
Paul Greengrass directed the second and third Jason Bourne films brilliantly but refused to go on, joking that any fourth installment would have to be called The Bourne Redundancy. Little did he know how true that would turn out to be.
Structurally, yes, it's loaded with all the lies, schemes and high-tech trickery that are staples of the espionage genre. But a deeper, more individualistic source of tension propels the film along.
The new movie continues the Bourne tradition of exciting, reality-based thrillers, but when the series lost its star it lost most of its soul.
The Bourne series hasn't been reinvented, only revived, and there's plenty of fuel still to burn.
Gilroy has been around the franchise from the start, and he finds a satisfying medium between the previous directors' disparate styles, the cool jazz tones of Doug Liman and the shaky-cam faux-documentary approach of Paul Greengrass.
These franchise films are best when they feature working actors such as Renner.
Taken on its own terms, "The Bourne Legacy" is a pretty good action thriller.
Just remember, kids, you're not paranoid if they're really out to get you...or your movie dollars.
It's not great, but it's pretty good.
The overall tone is familiar, refried, redundant.
Interesting takes on espionage tools of drones, genetics, and surveillance.
If this is Bourne's legacy, he should amend his will.
There are some elements of The Bourne Legacy that feel a bit too much like the less-accomplished sibling of a successful older brother but not enough to offset what truly does work about this smart, engaging thriller.
Despite its muddled origins, this fourth movie is much more of a bang and less of a whimper than any of us feared, and Jeremy Renner is emerging as the intelligent person's action star.
It bodes well for the future of the franchise that Renner and Wesiz share not only a gripping predicament but something more important: chemistry.
"The Bourne Legacy" is a lean, clean killing machine that supplies some dark, late-summer thrills and chills and breathes new life into a seemingly extinct franchise.
Matt who? Jeremy Renner finally gets his due in this well-crafted and entirely satisfying entry in the sturdy spy franchise.
...there are excellent performances and a few really first-rate suspense-set pieces...
Legacy remains entertaining and sporadically exciting, while introducing a capable focal point in Jeremy Renner, who adapts to the routine quite nicely.
It adheres pretty strictly to the BOURNE formula, but LEGACY is still a very entertaining spy thriller. Renner is shaping up to be an ace leading man.
The Gilroys --co-writer/director Tony, writer Dan -- don't kill or wreck "The Bourne Legacy." But this Treadstone retread just treads water, and that's no way to make it Bourne again.
Jeremy Renner transitions smoothly into leading man status. He's scrappy. Athletic. Real.
Without being remotely realistic ... has a crunch that nonetheless feels authentic.
A tense thriller that builds to a series of climaxes...Gilroy dots the landscape with edgy, tough-minded hand-to-hand encounters that were a hallmark of the first three films.
The last half-hour of the film is one enormous action sequence in Manila that must have been exceptionally difficult to shoot and even harder to edit together. It's also hard to sit through.
Narratively it's a pretzel, half-baked.
It's ultimately not quite satisfying. It's a quick, tense trip, rather than a thrill ride.
The Bourne Legacy rebottles much of the chemistry that Damon and Franka Potente shared in the first film, like an us-against-the-world Stockholm syndrome.
"The Bourne Legacy" is always gripping in the moment. The problem is in getting the moments to add up.
Renner and Weisz have the crackle of legitimate chemistry, enough to make you want more scenes of them together and less of them in visually garbled clashes and chases.
Merely an unnecessary (and mostly unsuccessful) footnote.
One analyst spits out that "he's Treadstone without the inconsistencies." It seems that Legacy is Bourne with some added in.
Cross doesn't have the same allure as Bourne, but 'The Bourne Legacy' does stay true to the first three films, offering up an exciting new perspective that's exhilarating to watch.
In the original Bourne series it was "fight fight fight/story story story." It had that balance. This one has a lot of talking for a long time. We get the point, and then they keep talking and talking...let's have a fight already.
I was hooked and then it left me a bit flat at the end. Maybe I'm just spoiled because of The Avengers where I always want to see someone team up or go against each other. If that happens with this franchise it seems like it would fit.
Rachel Weisz is the best thing in this overlong slog through Matt Damon's table scraps.
Gilroy, who as a screenwriter has shaped the movie saga from the beginning, trades the wired rhythms established in the past two episodes by Paul Greengrass for something more realistic and closer to the ground. The change is refreshing.
While The Bourne Legacy may not soar, it's as solid as the rock at its center: Renner.
The new "Bourne" movie ins't half bad only writer-directorTony Gilroy keeps referring back to previous movies, which reminds you what you're missing.
Perhaps in a second movie Aaron Cross can stand on his own, but for now he feels trapped in the shadow of what came before.
An unusual love triangle materializing between dodging bullets, and radically redefining the doctor patient relationship, seemingly ensues between Weisz, Renner and his chems. Giving a whole new meaning to the notion of action thriller shoot 'em ups.
The Bourne Legacy disgraces the family name
The verbal heavy-lifting gets ridiculous in light of the silliness of the story's X-Men-ready genetic-mutation plot.
The Bourne films have more than just overstayed their welcome and outlasted the Ludlum books -- they've been Van Halenized, with an abrupt change of frontman and a resulting dip in personality.
Sets the stage for better and fuller adventures to come.
"How doesn't really matter, does it?" yells Ed Norton, about half way through this muddled spinoff. I was so relieved, no longer having to sweat the small stuff, like plot.
If this movie were its own animal it would have a shot at being good. Its franchise contortions ruin it.
The film, while echoing The Bourne Identity, is adequate enough (not the highest praise, I know) and creates enough space for itself to warrant further adventures.
One successful set piece in 135 minutes, and it involves very little running, no parkour, and no genetically enhanced superheroes from clandestine government projects.
Although there isn't nearly as much action as the original three movies, it's doubtful anyone will leave Legacy not wanting to see more of Renner and Weisz in these roles.
Stellar photography and effects cannot quite make up for the staleness of the series and the flatness of the principal character when compared to Matt Damon.
Gilroy is an intelligent writer but he is not a technically skillful action director, and so he tries to compensate with a detailed but not very involving tale and characters that like to talk in one too many indoor scenes.
The series's legacy is lessened by this capable but uninspired fourth episode.
Subbing character actor Jeremy Renner into a franchise that requires Matt Damon-caliber magnetism, series scribe Tony Gilroy takes over the helming duties with an overlong sequel that features too little action and an unnecessarily complicated plot.
Writer and director Tony Gilroy, who penned all three previous episodes, has come up with an elegant solution that manages to widen out the story without feeling like a Hollywood cash-in.

@highlight

It isn't quite as compelling as the earlier trilogy, but The Bourne Legacy proves the franchise has stories left to tell -- and benefits from Jeremy Renner's magnetic work in the starring role.