Somewhere is like a slow-moving bullet with no clear aim.
Somewhere, regrettably but unsurprisingly, is that same old yarn all over again-artfully crafted, intermittently amusing, relentlessly self-indulgent, and structurally identical to Lost in Translation.
[Somewhere] is Coppola's subtle character study of a man who is barely a character.
It offers satisfactions and contentment: It's a succession of sensations, of being adrift in a city where the weather seldom changes, where the stars are always young, where children must make their own way. The sky is blue and clear.
It's more of a vibe than a movie. The atmosphere is enticing, I just wish it added up to more.
Unflinchingly honest and confidently challenging, this is an all around incredible film.
Don't cry for the movie star, even if they don't have the glamorous life you imagine
Even with its irritating ending, there's something so relatable about Marco that makes the story go, well, somewhere
Even so-called "slow cinema" shouldn't be this dull.
In "Somewhere," what ends up happening is that the main character's lack of interest becomes the audience's burden.
A movie star and his neglected daughter bond while partaking in the celeb-filled glamour of the Chateau Marmont.
Sofia Coppola gives us a first-class ticket to nowhere
This is a film about vacuousness that's without much substance itself.
A poor little princess' plaint about the burdens of being special.
[Coppola] examines boredom, privilege, torpor, laziness and adolescent daydreams with a kind of molasses slowness that no one else can touch. That's good because no other American filmmaker is really trying to touch it anyway.
The question is 'why should we care?' Yes Johnny's problems are real, but they're not going to mean much to anyone else. And when you've got a character and story that are true but unrelatable, all the craft in the world isn't going to help.
En principio atractiva e interesante, finalmente resulta previsible y carente de emoción, y perdiendo ante la inevitable comparación con Perdidos en Tokio (la mejor película de Sofia Coppola hasta la fecha, con la que tiene demasiadas cosas en común).
Whether or not the journey from nowhere to the possibility of somewhere is worth taking is going to vary wildly from viewer to viewer.
A thoughtful and interesting deconstruction and demythologizing of American celebrity
Although the film throbs with dissatisfaction and longing for purpose, Somewhere plays as a dryly funny meditation on being adrift in Hollywood.
Like Coppola's previous films, 'Somewhere' examines the isolation (and cultural dislocation) of privileged public people -- people enclosed within the exposing fishbowl of celebrity and the protective bubble of entitlement.
A superficial movie about beautiful people, when it needed to be a beautiful film about superficial people. Lacks the magic of Coppola's best movies.
Coppola has shamelessly retreated to what worked for her before in Lost in Translation.
Somewhere begins with a fancy sports car driving in circles out in the desert. It's a great-looking machine, but it isn't taking us anywhere. It's a metaphor for the entire movie.
Coppola packs meaning into small actions or seemingly benign scenes that in any other film would immediately hit the cutting room floor
In Somewhere Sofia Coppola meanders into the territory of Michelangelo Antonioni, the Italian director who made ennui into art. She makes ennui into ennui.
It seems impossible that this heavy-handed, self-serious movie comes from writer-director Sofia Coppola.
Just an expensive-looking sports car driving in circles and going nowhere fast.
The best movie directors aren't just masters of technical craft: They also are artists capable of showing you the world through their eyes -- of making you see and feel exactly what they do.
Sofia Coppola's 2003 Lost in Translation was such an unblinking masterpiece -- one of the two or three best films of its entire decade -- that it's a shock to witness the near-worthlessness of Somewhere.
Time for Coppola to get out of her comfort zone, maybe adapt a novel.
Fame is a vampire: We've heard it before. We don't need to hear it again.
Coppola is brilliant at capturing mood: With cinematographer Harris Savides, her languid camera depicts California melancholy. But substance isn't her game.
It's well shot, and Dorff is good enough to make me hope he starts popping up in higher profile fare again.
If you have the patience to give yourself over to the measured pace of this film ... it delivers with an impact far beyond what a conventional treatment of the same material could hope to achieve.
If you're impressed by the fact that this won the Golden Lion at the Venice film festival, go look up the price of a flight to Venice.
There's no denying Coppola displays great understanding of wealthy ennui in Somewhere. And as a film stylist, she hits some fine grace notes. Still, she and we have been here before, and empty hotel life does have its limits.
The atmosphere Sofia Coppola creates in her fourth feature is so lovely, it's a shame when it's roiled by the encroachment of plot.
"Somewhere" is a distinctly European exercise in observational nuance and tonal restraint in which Coppola stretches static images to the breaking point.
Coppola Gets Too Close by Making a Vapid Picture of Fatherhood That's Too Shallow for any Deep Moments.
Clearly Coppola has talent and ideas, and she's also the kind of filmmaker who seems most comfortable imposing a particular aesthetic vision and structure on her work.
It's about doing things together. The simple act of cooking, eating, lounging, hanging out.
Ultimately, Somewhere may be too static, too minimalist a tale. But there's grace here, in its aching assessment of loneliness, in its examination of connections and family...
Wow, so showbiz is a drag, and you need the grounding of real relationships to stay sane? Imagine that. And is there anyone really still troubled about the alienation of the wealthy and famous...?
Coppola applies a delicate touch ... and Dorff seduces with a sensitivity that belies his B-movie resume. By the end, we not only feel for, but are moved by, Johnny Marco.
Coppola's graceful, touching, father-daughter chamber piece feels like -- in the best sense -- a love letter to her father.
The writer-director of "Lost in Translation" and "Marie Antoinette" has made the malaise of the privileged her special turf. Ennui is her milieu. And Coppola has a talent for revealing its existential and cultural dimensions.
Throughout, Dorff is doggedly credible as an obtuse actor, but the richer performance here is from Fanning, and it might have been a stronger movie told from her character's point of view.
Good thing note-perfect performances from all involved tend to offset those negative aspects.
To comment upon meaninglessness by creating something entirely meaningless yourself is hardly a way to make your point - let alone get people into the theater.
Coppola's film is composed of many long, stationary shots in which so little is happening it's as if she's encouraging us to look closer for meaning.
There's something mesmerizing and special about "Somewhere," for those willing to wait and let the movie cast its spell.
Another "woe is me, I'm famous" wallow.
It's the singular achievement of Sofia Coppola's affecting new film that she manages to make us care for a dissolute movie star, his angry ex-wife and their indulged daughter.
It's the kind of thing some people will appreciate and embrace, while others will flee in a fit of frustrated boredom. My advice: Stick around.
Casting the less-than-charismatic Dorff may bolster Coppola's thesis, but it's dramatically self-defeating. How can we feel for Johnny, when there's no there there?
Coppola compounds her customary fragile rue with newfound austerity and toughness
Tender, dryly witty, and shot with Coppola's typically exquisite eye for colour and detail.
Sometimes empty is just empty.
That use of gorgeously subtle sound design and perfectly timed credits is a Sofia Coppola signature that she seems to have bettered through simplification in this film.
An intimate foray inside the emotional life of an adult who realizes they've been focusing for far too long on the wrong priorities in life.
It's a welcome respite from many of today's filmmakers who think their films aren't complete without a gazillion quick edits or other visual shenanigans that often cover up storytelling shortcomings. (Parental Review also available)
The only question is whether Coppola consciously decided to craft a movie as tedious, vacant, and void of substance as her subject.
Coppola is a true filmmaker, and in Somewhere she pierces the Hollywood bubble from the inside.
Long takes, sparse dialogue and natural performances from the two excellent leads, accumulate to give Somewhere's best moments an entirely observational quality.
Even if Coppola always remains stuck in this tentative, half-formed mode, she's still more interesting than most of her peers.
A distinct sensibility often underlies Coppola's half-baked symbols - a feeling for tone, a knack for timing, and an instinct for the absurd.
Minimalist filmmaking makes this a real patience tester.
(A) cosmically overrated, emotionally vacant micro-drama...that unspools as a limp, cynical attempt to replicate the nuance-rich tapestry of her 2003 gem Lost in Translation.
Ever wanted to know what it's like to be an actor? Somewhere is the intoxicating answer.
The movie is funny in a dryly sardonic way about movie-colony rituals and easy sex, but the funk of a noodling movie star is hardly a revelation of the absurdity of the human condition -- or whatever Coppola was getting at.
Coppola's poor-rich-girl vision is certainly consistent, although you sometimes wonder if she knows that hers is not the universal human condition.
This is Coppola's least fulfilling film but key moments nevertheless linger in the mind long after the credits.
Somewhere feels like it’s made by the grandchild of Antonioni (and, in an artistic sense, perhaps it is). It’ll drive at least half the audience crazy, while the rest will walk out with a light buzz.
"Don't tell, show" has been the writer's imperative for generations; Coppola takes that edict to its most visual and satisfying extremes.
The movie stands on its own terms as a slow-burning drama of life in a Hollywood purgatory where you can not only check out but leave.
Sofia Coppola is here to remind us that film is an art form, and "Somewhere" is yet another work of art of her own design.
Coppola continues to surprise and amaze with her singular view of the world.
Much needed social commentary hamstrung by minimalism taken to the point of boredom.
Somewhere is a movie for the Sofia Coppola faithful, the ones willing to look through what might seem like myopia to the truth that lies beneath.
'Somewhere' goes nowhere. It's an atmospheric, low-key, melancholy rumination on adult responsibility.
The nearly silent first half plays like Nanook of the North, only the ladies are wearing a lot less clothes.
Coppola really believed in the content here, and while she needs to tone down her metaphors and return to more realistic characters, her actors believed in her vision just as much as she did and are able to carry it through.
As all this suggests, "Somewhere" is not a major effort, although Dorff and Fanning have an easygoing father-daughter chemistry.
With filmmaking so understated that it might appear completely static on first glance, this may be Coppola's least accessible work. But it's also her most nuanced, and most rewarding to patient, observant viewing.
I wasn't satisfied by the ending but I enjoyed the journey.
For all its wandering, this is a very deliberate, masterful, and ultimately very touching movie.
The latest calcified bore by Sofia Coppola is less pretentious than Marie Antoinette but every bit as inertly stupefying as Lost in Translation.
The precise contours of Johnny and Cleo's relationship never emerge from the aesthetic fog.
Elle Fanning is full of energy and truly impresses in a film about the lonely life of celebrity.
Everything plays like a snapshot of a life aloof, a life potentially wasted, a life currently in flux; the whole thing a series of brief vignettes of a father trying to decide who he is and what the next step should be.
It's undeniable that Coppola is better at mood than she is at drama. Still, there's a sense of foreboding hovering over the film, an expectation that sooner or later the dream will come to an end.
Sofia Coppola returns to movie star/hotel/ennui territory in a film nearly as strong as Lost in Translation.
Light on dialogue and heavy on metaphors.
Somehow, Johnny is fascinating to watch. I hate this guy, but I'm captivated.
Coppola is a filmmaker who fills up a big canvas with small moments.
As in Lost in Translation, Coppola keeps an eye out for the broken places. That's when Somewhere is really something.
Meaning might creep in around the edges of its designer-ready compositions and purringly hip soundtrack, but they're not the point.
A minimalist mood piece and that mood is the melancholy that comes with the realization that you've accomplished very little of real significance and your daily routine is nothing more than varying cycles of self-fulfillment.
There once was a time when I couldn't wait for the next Sofia Coppola film. Now, I'm fairly certain I never want to see another one.
Sofia Coppola restores her ever present gaze to the lifestyles of the rich and unfulfilled, and delivers her most poignant work yet in Somewhere.
This isn't an artistic effort, it's a vacant lot whose signpost reads: "Space available. Movie can be made here. Or not. Whatever."
Sofia Coppola has strayed into an area of pretentiousness that we have rarely seen since the height of the French New Wave.
"Somewhere," in its odd, detached way, is compelling viewing.
"Somewhere" is an undeniably minor film. But if you"re willing to be indulgent, you"ll find surprising pleasures hidden within.
It's a film in which doing less on screen is more and doing more is less, and if that sounds kind of Delphic, that suits the situation precisely.
It's been interesting watching Sofia Coppola turn into an artful filmmaker. Waiting for her to become an exciting storyteller, though, just gets more frustrating.
What a flat movie for Coppola to have made four films into her otherwise remarkable directing career.
Coppola is a fascinating director. She sees, and we see exactly what she sees.
Exquisite, melancholy and formally audacious.
No better than a mirthless Hollywood hack, Coppola sentimentalizes her family dilemma in order to pose as an artiste. Her navel-gazings are a boutique indie franchise.
There's little dialogue, but a whole lot is said in every frame.
All the important things Somewhere has to say it says not with dialogue but with action (or lack thereof). It is a bold, often exasperating, and ultimately surprisingly effective choice. Somewhere is not a movie you think, it is a movie you feel
You need to pay attention and work a little more than you do during most movies (if you want to be lazy, check out Yogi Bear).
What she demonstrates in "Somewhere" is an ability to bottle these moments, to create these tiny little pockets of memory and mood that you can dip into, each one a full sensory experience
As unsympathetic as her characters ought to be, though, damned if the writer-director doesn't manage to hit on some emotional truths nonetheless.
Coppola's screenplay finds the sympathy in the surreal lifestyle of a rich and famous man.
If Somewhere dealt only with a successful actor living in catatonic disillusionment at the state of his life, it might not be so special. But this movie boasts a particularly lovely grace note.
Starts slow but steadily builds into a warm and nearly irresistible father-daughter love story.
Meticulous yet unrestrained, a tone poem of deep, quiet lyricism and frequent flashes of striking brilliance. That rare motion picture that would stay exactly as is were the liberty be given to change anything about it.
What could have been a moving tale of a father and daughter reconnecting instead comes off as an interminably boring and pretentious bit of "inside baseball"
Too often, [it] rubs our noses in what it means -- and its soooooo all about meaninglessness. Film-school clichés and pretentious tedium don't deliver sharp, spanking-new insights...
Somewhere is a perceptive look at celebrity culture even if it sometimes feels more like a collection of scenes, a character piece in search of a larger, overarching story.
Somewhere is intrigued by the fantasy life of Hollywood but is ultimately compelled by how that fantasy reacts with the reality of common life
Those who groan that the writer-director has made another indulgent film about the obscenely privileged have overlooked Coppola's redoubtable gifts at capturing milieu, languor, and exacting details.
Somewhere has strong echoes of Lost In Translation in particular, from the luxury hotels to an encounter with another country's bizarre television, but the style breaks rewardingly with what she's done before.
Dropped on the Hollywood bad boy's doorstep by a suddenly vanishing mom, the forced father-daughter relationship takes stage, demonstrating yet again how inventively creative director/writer Sofia Coppola is.
It's gorgeous, and gorgeously broken--a movie about lifelines by a person who's drowned.
If you hated not knowing what Murray whispered to Johansson at the end of Lost in Translation, you will hate Somewhere. Conversely, if you loved the fact that you don't know what he whispered, you will appreciate the beauty that Somewhere contains.
Coppola is a filmmaker who ignores all the precepts that define screenwriting as an exercise in three acts. She takes her time, dwells on small moments and sees no need for the climactic effect.
...captures a state of mind, a mood, a tone and for a film where 'nothing happens,' it leaves its protagonist in a very different place than where we found him.
Ersatz Antonioni...The protagonist may be bored with his life, but not as much as we are.
A small but, in its way, daring picture set largely within the confines of the Chateau Marmont just above Sunset Boulevard in Hollywood.
A quiet heartbreaker.
Coppola manages to capture the unique bond - the precious, platonic romance - that can exist between girls and their dads.
Perceptive in darkly comic ways, Somewhere is a mood piece, and that mood is 'whatever.'
Both Dorff and 12-year-old Elle Fanning give lovely, unforced performances. You can feel a tenderness building between them, and also a vast, upwelling reservoir of things they can't or won't talk about.
For all its restraint, slice-of-life naturalism and superb soundtrack, Somewhere is a film and a mood that you can sink into like a deep, comfy sofa.
In its sweet, understated, but deeply meaningful story about making vital connections in an often desperately vacuous world, Sofia Coppola proves that, yes, she might have it all, but she still knows what's important in life.
Somewhere is the closest cinema has come in 2010 to capturing a state of melancholy bliss; you may walk out feeling sad, but there's a sense of warmth that comes afterwards and that's a strange, but harmonious, marriage.
Despite its delicate examination of celebrity culture, the film is a perfect antidote to the 'MTV Generation' attention span and need-it-now turnover of the celeb gossip machine.
While the final scenes strike a false note, so much of Somewhere rings true.
Somewhere features dead-on-the-inside people looking pensively into their bowls of pasta. Some call this reality, I call it bloody boring.
A sumptuously stylish and moderately affecting mood piece.
There's a found-art quality to Somewhere, a sense that Coppola has snuck up on the best moments in the film and captured them with a camera.
for some, [Stephen Dorff's] life wouldn't be a hedonist hell, but heaven.
A Hollywood actor and celebrity's close and intimate encounter with his 11-year-old daughter spurs the need for a change in his life.
Painfully boring.
With some success, director Sophie Coppola shows that money does not buy happiness.
A brutal exposition of the nothingness of the lifestyle
Dense, graceful and perceptive
Dorff brings an unlikely charm to a role that, if played by a less sympathetic actor, could have seemed entirely critical.
It's not hard to imagine Coppola as Cleo, the little girl growing up in her father's lavish world, seemingly unaffected, and the preternaturally mature Fanning is a stand-out in the role.
The performances are terrific. I just felt she was sort of retreading this celebrity thing a bit.
I love the way Coppola pushes the boundaries on direction here. The way she holds scenes; the pole dancing scene is held for such a long time and it ends up being pathetic and funny and the ice skating scene is just breathtakingly beautiful.
It's hard to believe that the filmmaker responsible for such an evocative, smart debut as The Virgin Suicides could create something so dull.
In the end, the opening shot of a car doing laps seems unintentionally symbolic of Coppola's career. With Somewhere she seems to be going round in circles.
A smug, selfpitying sleepwalk through celebrity culture, it might make her Hollywood pals smirk, but it will likely make you snore.
Sofia Coppola's fourth, curiously and unfortunately, seems destined to be quickly forgotten.
Coppola knows she's treading water here, but she's smart enough to make that in itself her film's subject, spinning an extra variation, perhaps this one last time, on the adage to work with what you know.
Coppola again shows how keen she is to show cosseted young girls and women struggling with their place in the world.
As a slow-burn, poetic character piece it works just fine, with Dorff and especially Fanning making engaging leads.
Two hours of whimsical nothingness, playing variations on the superior Lost in Translation.
It may not have Lost In Translation's reach, but it's original and smartly funny with top performances.
The movie unfolds at the same pace as Johnny's languorous life, a slow, seemingly pointless blurring of the days, but one that arrives at a touching moment of self-realisation.
Self indulgent, repetitive, ambivalent. Loaded with long pauses and unblinking shots. Perhaps even pretentious. But it's also evocative, hypnotic, wry, moving and, like Lost In Translation, open to interpretation.
That the movie is able to make us care is a testament to Coppola's prodigious gifts.
Stephen Dorff, who at first seems oddly cast, inhabits his role with the swagger of a wolf and the constitution of a sheep.
We often easily overlook a sweet, unassuming and simple film such as this. Coppola, Dorff and Fanning have given us a beautiful gift; 98 minutes of love, real and true.
Perfectly skewers the Hollywood airhead lifestyle.
Goes nowhere very, very slowly. Nothing happens. Most dramatic moment? Dorff's character gets stuck in traffic.
Given that Sofia Coppola, a real Hollywood insider, wrote and directed this film, I believe that there is more than a little truth in this unique depiction of Hollywood stardom.
It held my attention throughout and the film-making was first-class.
Excruciatingly narcissistic, "Somewhere" is a suspect milieu satire that favors enforced glamour over narrative complexity. This is one of the worst films of 2010.
After the disappointing studio film Marie Antoinette, Coppola is back on terra firma with this intimate tale of father-daughter evolving bond, nicely played by Dorff and Fanning and seductively shot by ace lenser Harris Savides
A character study of a successful actor leading a meaningless life--with motionless frames reflecting the idleness and ennui of the subject matter.
full review at Movies for the Masses
This is not so much a dramatic narrative as a portrait of an artist as a young(ish) man. It is a story reminding us that stories don't really exist, and not even movie stars in Hollywood are living the fairytale lives we see on screen.
Mercifully careful to avoid cliché, balancing the inate 'in-ness' of the whole thing with disarming honesty and delicate restraint.
Coppola again takes an atmospheric look at celebrity that's heavier on internal mood than actual plot. But this film's more intriguing than engaging.
Impressively directed and sharply observed, this is an enjoyable and engaging drama that features a superb soundtrack and terrific performances from Stephen Dorff and Elle Fanning.
Bless Coppola for keeping her camera still, but she goes to the other extreme, of European minimalism. Like Johnny, the movie is an object in stasis.
Coppola's film-making style is detached and low-key.
Stylish, perceptive and often amusing.
Dorff and Fanning play naturally and well -- Coppola gives them every chance.
Despite its subject, Coppola seems to be exercising more of her European than American sensibility in the small-scale intimacy of this portrait.


@highlight

It covers familiar territory for Sofia Coppola, but Somewhere remains a hypnotic, seductively pensive meditation on the nature of celebrity, anchored by charming performances from Stephen Dorff and Elle Fanning.