With a terrible script and horrible dialogue, there is much to see but little to remember. [Full review in Spanish]
Visually and sonically Terminal is enjoyable, but the story isn't up to the par. [Full Review in Spanish]
The attractive imagery in Terminal is overshadowed by an empty script that completely wastes Margot Robbie. [Full Review in Spanish]
Despite starring Margot Robbie and Simon Pegg, this derivative, over-stylised, noir-ish urban fantasy must be a candidate for most annoying British film of the year.
The garish colours and fake sets make the film feel more like a cheap '80s sitcom than hyper-stylised sci-fi.
Limitations are always for the sake of the brilliance of a character who is both the actress and the aura that delights in this distant portrait of Carroll's Alice in a film of vapors and neons that are never seen. [Full Review in Spanish]
It's an often stylish but rather hollow experience, like a feature-length pop video or an Edward Hopper painting without the soul.
This is a film Robbie will regret.
The main mystery here is how so many smart actors ended up in this stinker.
The rich talent on display here is woefully let down by the narrative equivalent of ripping up jigsaw pieces and then wrapping the remains in sellotape.
A film that makes the viewer feel as if their brain has been extracted through their nostrils with a drinking straw: an inane and relentlessly boring future noir...
Robbie's serviceable accent is one of the few things this deeply uninteresting take on hardboiled noir gets right.
The neon-soaked scenery is undoubtedly intoxicating but there just isn't enough meat on the bones to ever get lost in the hollow underbelly of the film's setting.
Terminal is difficult to categorise, but equally hard to ignore. The unabashed hyper-reality of its setting draws you in, and then its assortment of varyingly demented performances keeps you engrossed until the end.
The stories never connect in a satisfying fashion and both tales are undone by a series of increasingly ridiculous twists that fail to work because there's no emotional investment in the characters.
Even with Margot Robbie in full scheming-vixen mode, Terminal feels interminable.
There's a spooky, supercilious quality to Franklyn that Myers nails; it makes you hope that his return to acting will last.
Terminal is likely a divisive film - for some, the carefully constructed and stylised visuals and tone of the film will be entertaining and engaging, yet others will likely have a hard time getting beyond the fairly over-simple script.
Not even Margot Robbie's flashy, on-the-nose performance can save this disappointing noir wannabe. [Full review in Spanish]
If a storyline overloaded with noir and revenge tropes doesn't dissuade you from this shallow and superficial science-fiction thriller, than the obnoxiously hyperactive visuals should do the trick.
About three-quarters style exercise and one-quarter story, this occasionally intriguing but mostly frustrating film is one example of a work that would have benefited greatly from better control of tone and more careful casting.
Twisty plot, unconvincing storytelling and bad pacing.
...not even Robbie and stylish visuals can prevent this film from being a retread of just about everytrope of the hitman genre.
Robbie... may have gotten an Oscar nomination for I, Tonya, but this is a film that really showcases her range.
Zero stars, you read right! How did Vaughn Stein ever persuade Margot Robbie to star in a script that plays like something Quentin Tarantino upchucked after watching Blade Runner while reading Alice in Wonderland and ingesting too many hallucinogens?
With an actress -- and performance -- this alluring, Stein knows his convoluted plot need not make sense. Nor does he try. Instead, he simply creates numerous situations for Robbie to work her magic.
Unfortunately, the most interesting subplot in this wildly overplotted film... resolves itself by the end of the second act.
Assuming for a second that anyone will ever pay real money to see it, what they'll get is a turgid, pretentious, and incomprehensible existential joke.
Avoid Terminal like you would avoid anything that could possibly kill you, because it's only here to suck up a little bit of your life, before being forgotten forever.
The final 15 minutes or so of Terminal are flat-out nutso.
The characters, of course, are not who they seem to be, but the trouble is that being not what they seem to be is precisely how they seem.
Not great retro-noir, but nice, old-fashioned glamour showcase for star-producer Margot Robbie.
Every moment of "Terminal" engages the eye, and - unexpectedly - the mind.
The strength of the stylistic elements and Robbie's performance aren't sufficient to overcome the deficiencies of an initially derivative and ultimately off-kilter narrative.
What's Terminal about? It's about 90 minutes. That's a cheap shot, but since the film doesn't establish a baseline of reality, it's hard to pick out a premise.
By no means a success, Vaughn Stein's debut has a form over substance allure to it. And then there's Mike Myers...
Robbie is fun and it's always a treat watching Mike Myers play against type, but Terminal isn't a clever as it thinks it is.
The city of Terminal may provide a stark and moody playground ... but by the end, it feels as stylishly hollow as the movie's characters and story.
Everything and everybody else just seems here to support Robbie: If nothing else, her performance here is a compelling argument for her to get that Harley Quinn stand-alone film made, already.
This stylish-but-grating pastiche of far better crime flicks is as soft-boiled as they come.
Terminal is an interesting revenge story that mostly works.
Like a teen's journal, writer-director Vaughn Stein's debut feature is a scrapbook stuffed with allusions. The fondness is clear. But the resulting compilation is self-indulgent twaddle.
Robbie struggles to give her blank performance depth and texture, but Stein gives the actress so little to work with, even she can do little more than pose pretty in pink, or white, or black.
It feels like that first screenplay everyone wrote in college, which giddily toys with violence and sex while clinging desperately onto homage to stronger storytellers.
In this tarted-up noir cartoon - a pastiche of comic-book characters, hard-boiled dialogue and nonsense served up as enigma - not even Ms. Robbie can impart respectability.
Terminal blends tropes from several sorts of crime flicks into a soundstagey affair that's more brittle than hard-boiled.
The helmer goes for a dark carnival of sin, but he comes up with a far windier effort than expected, keeping "Terminal" more of a writing sample than an electrifying noir romp.
It's a bit like being trapped inside a garish funhouse. For the first 15 or 20 minutes it is amusing, but after 90 minutes, it is overwhelming to spot the distorted reflections of its better influences.
Drawing from a host of late-nineties influences but doing nothing with them, Terminal is little more than a shallow exercise in dated crime movie pastiche.
A great calling card for TV commercials, or fashion layouts. It's just not much of a movie.
Robbie is fascinating to watch, as always. But in this case, she's providing 100-watt star power to a tacky little table lamp.
In the alternate universe where I don't care about misogyny and I decided to watch this movie on mute, it's probably one of the best things I've seen all year.
To its perverse credit, Terminal turns out to be even dumber than it seems, which (in hindsight, at least) makes everyone's commitment to the project all the more enjoyable. No one could accuse Stein of taking himself too seriously.
Lurid, inept and inane hired killer thriller
Terminal's actors are awkward and stiff in trying to project hard-boiled cool, and all while delivering lines that sound as if they had been passed multiple times through an online translation tool.
Undoubtedly one of 2018's best looking films. It's visually stunning with mesmerizing cinematography, but lacks enough substance to match its dazzling looks.

@highlight

Worth seeking out for only the most hardcore of Margot Robbie completists, Terminal lives down to the medical definition of its title in dreadfully derivative fashion.